ScrapedJobID1:
D’une possibilité de travailler à partir de la maison Un salaire horaire concurrentiel à partir de 22,46 $/heure plus une prime de quart (lorsque applicable) D’une formation complète et payée par Desjardins D’un régime d’intéressement lié à votre rendement D’un régime de retraite à prestations déterminées D’une possibilité de se faire rembourser les frais de scolarité D’un équilibre travail-famille avec un horaire flexible De rendez-vous par téléconsultation médicale Jusqu’à 400$ annuellement pour le remboursement de vos activités physiques De la possibilité d’adhérer à un REER collectif De 20% de rabais sur adhésion de la carte annuelle des transports en commun Un environnement de travail stimulant, dynamique et à la fine pointe de la technologie La reconnaissance et la valorisation de vos compétences Un cheminement de carrière personnalisé grâce à un accompagnement de votre gestionnaire De contribuer à une entreprise qui prône le travail d’équipe et les valeurs humaines Service à la clientèle Développement des affaires Recouvrement Prévention de la fraude Et beaucoup d’autres! Montréal Trois-Rivières Lévis Québec Granby Rimouski Gaspé 
ScrapedJobID2:
A competitive salary, Paid training and ongoing support Use of a company vehicle while on shift Uniforms provided Full time, permanent employment Great work environment Opportunity for advancement Extended health benefits for full time employees Currently have or able to obtain your security license; this means you are 19 or older, have no criminal record and are legally entitled to work in Canada You have your Class 5 drivers license You are a customer service pro...you are committed to delivering excellent customer service You are a true people person and have the ability to work with clients from diverse backgrounds in a courteous, professional and confidential manner You are great at troubleshooting and finding the best solution for our clients You are a supportive team member but also have no trouble working on your own You are detail oriented and observant You thrive under pressure and are able to think on your feet You are able to work shift work; including graveyard and weekend shifts You must be able to work in Whistler, BC Overtime pay Company car Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Overtime sales: 1 year (preferred) customer service: 1 year (preferred) Day Shift (preferred) Night Shift (preferred) Overnight Shift (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID3:
Extended benefits through Sunlife Advancement opportunities Vacation pay Paid Overtime Ample Overtime opportunities ITA Registered apprenticeship programs Apprenticeship Tuition reimbursement Paid Training Company provided tools A safety orientated work environment Detail oriented Safety conscious Have a good work ethic and willingness to learn 1-4 years construction experience (preferably in formwork) Be able to take direction and work left alone Be in good health, physically and mentally fit A Postive attitude Be able to lift 50 - 75 lbs Experience with a variety of forming systems including Peri, Aluma, Doka, Camlock, Titan and Gang forms Experience with erecting and dismantling formwork for suspended slabs, columns, beams, cores, footings, walls, raft slabs and stairs Working at heights and ability to properly use Fall protection equipment Handle and install carpentry materials Use of power tools and pneumatic tools Working and signalling rough terrain forklifts Working and signalling tower cranes Working and signalling mobile cranes reading and interpreting blue prints, sketches and directions Erecting and dismantling scaffold systems Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Monday to Friday Overtime Carpentry: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID4:
Tu seras responsable de l’assemblage des cartes électroniques ainsi que de leurs mises en marche; Tu aideras au déverminage des premières versions des circuits; Tu participeras aux tests des circuits et aux prises de mesures avec oscilloscope et analyseur logique; Tu seras à l’avant-plan des dernières innovations technologiques en étant impliqué dans l’assemblage de nos prototypes (« mockups »); Tu maintiendras l’inventaire de composants électroniques pour assurer l’approvisionnement en cartes, et faire le suivi des commandes de pièces chez nos fournisseurs; Tu effectueras divers tests de contrôle de qualité des kits de développement; Tu t’amuseras et tu apprendras à tous jours! Tu possèdes un DEC en systèmes ordinés ou en électronique ou équivalent; Tu as de l’expérience en débogage et support technique (ça peut être à l’école, dans tes loisirs ou avec ton expérience de travail); Tu as des habiletés marquées pour diagnostiquer et solutionner des problématiques électroniques; Tu es débrouillard(e), flexible et tu veux apprendre; Tu n’as pas peur de poser des questions et d’aller chercher l’information au besoin. Tu es reconnu(e) pour ta capacité à travailler en équipe; Tu as une bonne dextérité manuelle et tu es minutieux(se). Tu as de l’expérience en soudure Tu sais te débrouiller en anglais (lecture/écriture) Pour faire partie de la révolution haptique, être un pionnier(ère) dans notre marché. Ce n’est pas pour rien que le EE Times a nommé Boréas parmi les start-up de semi-conducteurs à suivre à l’international dans le classement 2021 du EE Times Silicon 100! Beaucoup de liberté et d’autonomie au travail ce qui laisse place à la créativité et à l’innovation. Une équipe dynamique, motivée et très compétente. Une organisation qui considère que le développement professionnel et humain est essentiel à notre succès. Une offre salariale globale compétitive, incluant :
Un forfait d’avantages sociaux complet, payé à 75% par Boréas
assurance dentaire, visuelle, médicale, invalidité
L’accès à des soins de santé virtuels et un programme d’aide aux employés
Un REER collectif
Un bonus annuel Un forfait d’avantages sociaux complet, payé à 75% par Boréas assurance dentaire, visuelle, médicale, invalidité L’accès à des soins de santé virtuels et un programme d’aide aux employés Un REER collectif Un bonus annuel Des heures de travail flexibles et jusqu’à 5 journées de congé pour affaires personnelles pour faciliter la conciliation travail, vie, passion, famille! Un environnement de travail agréable et sain. Nos bureaux sont situés en pleine nature, dans le parc scientifique de Bromont alias la Silicon Valley du Québec, ce qui permet de travailler dans un superbe environnement calme et magnifique. Une cafétéria et terrasse aménagées pour les pauses et les heures de lunch. Fait divers : l’équipe tient mordicus à prendre son café ensemble quotidiennement à 10h30. Comme quoi le bonheur au travail tient parfois à peu de choses! Du Go Kart aux 5@7 improvisés dans les microbrasseries de la région, nous faisons régulièrement des activités sociales et de « team building ». 
ScrapedJobID5:
Poste permanent à temps plein Quart de travail : postes de jour, soir, nuit et fin de semaine Salaire : pouvant aller jusqu'à 26,47$/h selon expérience et compétences Prime de quart pouvant aller juqu'à 0,85$/hre selon le quart Assurances collectives (différents plans adaptés à tes besoins) Congés mobiles et personnels Programme d’aide aux employés et à sa famille Environnement de travail sécuritaire Activités sociales Opérer différentes machines pour le mélange et la transformation du caoutchouc et du plastique (mélangeur/moulin/extrucdeur) Préparer la matière première en vue de la production de la matière et des pièces Mouler, démonter et finir les différentes pièces Détenir une bonne forme physique Écrire et interpréter des informations relatives aux procédés de fabrication 
ScrapedJobID6:
Demonstrated past experience in either a senior security role, supervisor or mobile security role Customer service-driven individual Clear English communication skills in all areas (verbal and written) Detailed and thorough record-keeping Keen observation and attentiveness Professional physical deportment and presentation Decision Making, Reliable, Common Sense, and exceptional judgment Duties as otherwise assigned Provide outstanding and personalized customer service as a front line representative of our client’s organizations Act as Regal’s first point of contact for all after-hours client and field staff inquiries Inspect contracted sites to ensure security staff are meeting company standards in terms of uniforming, training and site procedures Respond to major incidents on properties and aid security staff with managing the situation (fire, flood, medical issue and criminal activity) Safely operate and maintain company-issued vehicle Enforce property rules in order to maintain the security and safety of our clients and their assets Complete walking patrols and inspections of facilities and equipment as required Perform parking tagging procedure where assigned Duties as otherwise assigned Valid Ontario Security License Valid First Aid/CPR Certification Valid Ontario G Class Driver’s License with clean driver’s abstract Valid WHMIS Certification Ontario Secondary School education or higher (preference will be given to those with a Criminal Justice or Business post-secondary education) Proficient in the use of various computer programs (ie. Microsoft Office, Gmail) and able to adapt and learn new programs Pay rate of $17 an hour Health Benefits are available for full-time employees upon completion of 3 months probation 
ScrapedJobID7:
Poste permanent à temps plein Quart de travail : postes de jour, de soir, de nuit et de fin de semaine Salaire : pouvant aller jusqu’à 26.00$/hre selon expériences et compétences Prime de quart variée pouvant aller jusqu’à 2.50$/hre selon le quart Assurances collectives (différents plans adaptés à vos besoins) Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite Congés mobiles et personnels Programme d’aide aux employés et à sa famille Environnement de travail sécuritaire Activités sociales Opérer différentes machines pour le moulage de chenilles de caoutchouc, de pièces de plastique, en fonte ou métalliques Préparer la matière première en vue de la production des pièces Mouler, démonter et finir les différentes pièces Détenir une bonne forme physique Capacité à lire des plans, écrire et interpréter des informations relatives aux procédés de fabrication 
ScrapedJobID8:
Poste permanent à temps plein Quart de travail : postes de nuit Salaire : Débutant à 20,26$/h et après 12 mois 21,64$/h Prime de quart variée selon le quart Assurances collectives (différents plans adaptés à vos besoins) Congés mobiles et personnels Programme d’aide aux employés et à sa famille Environnement de travail sécuritaire Opérer et surveiller les machines utilisées pour le moulage ou la vulcanisation de produits en caoutchouc Utiliser des outils pour ébarber les produits en caoutchouc dans leur forme finale Vérifier visuellement les produits finis afin de déceler tout défaut Effectuer l’emballage des produits conformément aux instructions Détenir une bonne forme physique Capacité à lire des plans, écrire et interpréter des informations relatives aux procédés de fabrication 
ScrapedJobID9:
Horaires flexibles Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour administration: 1 an (Souhaité) Français et anglais (Obligatoire) Travail en journée (Obligatoire) Oui 
ScrapedJobID10:
The functions listed describe the business purpose of this job. Specific duties or tasks may vary and be documented separately. The employee might not be required to perform all functions listed. Additional duties may be assigned, and functions may be modified, according to business necessity. All assigned duties or tasks are deemed to be part of the essential functions, unless such duties or tasks are unrelated to the functions listed, in which case they are deemed to be other (non-essential) functions. Employees are held accountable for successful job performance. Job performance standards may be documented separately, and may include functions, objectives, duties or tasks not specifically listed herein. In performing functions, duties or tasks, employees are required to know and follow safe work practices, and to be aware of company policies and procedures related to job safety, including safety rules and regulations. Employees are required to notify superiors upon becoming aware of unsafe working conditions. All functions, duties or tasks are to be carried out in an honest, ethical and professional manner, and to be performed in conformance with applicable company policies and procedures. In the event of uncertainty or lack of knowledge of company policies and procedures, employees are required to request clarification or explanations from superiors or authorized company representatives. Must be at least 18 years of age. Must have a reliable means of communication (i.e., pager or phone). Must have a reliable means of transportation (public or private). Must have the legal right to work in the Canada. Must have the ability to speak, read, and write English and French in the province of Quebec. Must have a High School Diploma or GED. If not, must be willing to complete the GED program within six months. Must be willing to participate in the Company’s pre-employment screening process, including background investigation. Must be able to meet and continue to meet any applicable licensing requirements for Security Guards. Driving record must meet company and/or insurance standards. Knowledge of or ability to learn security operations and procedures. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagrammatic form. Ability to be an effective team member and to work independently. Ability to maintain professional composure when dealing with unusual circumstances. Courteous telephone manner. Ability to adapt to changes in the external environment and organization. Ability to write routine correspondence, including logs and reports. Good organizational skills. Ability to provide high quality customer service. Good interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact effectively at various social levels and across diverse cultures. Maintaining composure in dealing with authorities, executives, clients, staff and the public, occasionally under conditions of urgency and in pressure situations. May be exposed to stressful situations, such as challenging individuals who are in or approaching an unauthorized area. Must undergo and meet company standards for background and reference checks and behavioral selection survey, in addition to any mandatory licensing requirements. May be required to work overtime without advance notice. Required ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently. Keyboarding, basic computer usage and operating controls. Seeing, hearing, speaking, and writing clearly in order to communicate with employees and clients, observe and report incidents, and direct others. Frequent sitting, standing and walking, that may involve climbing stairs and walking up inclines and on uneven terrain. Occasional reaching with hands and arms, stooping, kneeling, crouching and crawling. Frequent lifting and/or moving up to 10 pounds and occasional lifting and/or moving up to 25 pounds. Close vision, distance vision, and ability to adjust focus. May require driving vehicle for long periods of time in the performance of duties. On occasion may be required to perform stressful and physical activity. Depending upon assignment may be exposed to inclement weather or be required to work in environments or under conditions that require the use of protective gear and devices and/or awareness of personal safety and safety of others. May be exposed to or required to handle sensitive and confidential information. 
ScrapedJobID11:
Laver la vaisselle après chaque repas et la ranger aux endroits appropriés Nettoyer les équipements utilisés après chaque utilisation (marmite, casseroles, cuisinière, etc.) Veiller au maintien de la propreté de la cuisine et des équipements selon les normes d'hygiène et de salubrité Diplôme d'études secondaires (DES) Programme de référencement Programme de reconnaissance Repas gratuits Uniforme fourni Accès aux services professionnels internes
massothérapie
soins d'esthétique
physiothérapie massothérapie soins d'esthétique physiothérapie Congés mobiles Congés sociaux Programme d'aide aux employés Congés maladie et obligations familiales Formation continue Horaire stable Programme d'accueil et d'intégration Programme de reconnaissance Stationnement intérieur Une équipe accueillante et tissée serrée! 
ScrapedJobID12:
8 Heures Disponibilité la fin de semaine Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Non 
ScrapedJobID13:
The functions listed describe the business purpose of this job. Specific duties or tasks may vary and be documented separately. The employee might not be required to perform all functions listed. Additional duties may be assigned, and functions may be modified, according to business necessity. All assigned duties or tasks are deemed to be part of the essential functions, unless such duties or tasks are unrelated to the functions listed, in which case they are deemed to be other (non-essential) functions. Employees are held accountable for successful job performance. Job performance standards may be documented separately, and may include functions, objectives, duties or tasks not specifically listed herein. In performing functions, duties or tasks, employees are required to know and follow safe work practices, and to be aware of company policies and procedures related to job safety, including safety rules and regulations. Employees are required to notify superiors upon becoming aware of unsafe working conditions. All functions, duties or tasks are to be carried out in an honest, ethical and professional manner, and to be performed in conformance with applicable company policies and procedures. In the event of uncertainty or lack of knowledge of company policies and procedures, employees are required to request clarification or explanations from superiors or authorized company representatives. Must be at least 18 years of age. Must have a reliable means of communication (i.e., pager or phone). Must have a reliable means of transportation (public or private). Must have the legal right to work in the Canada. Must have the ability to speak, read, and write English and French in the province of Quebec. Must have a High School Diploma or GED. If not, must be willing to complete the GED program within six months. Must be willing to participate in the Company’s pre-employment screening process, including background investigation. Must be able to meet and continue to meet any applicable licensing requirements for Security Guards. Driving record must meet company and/or insurance standards. Knowledge of or ability to learn security operations and procedures. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagrammatic form. Ability to be an effective team member and to work independently. Ability to maintain professional composure when dealing with unusual circumstances. Courteous telephone manner. Ability to adapt to changes in the external environment and organization. Ability to write routine correspondence, including logs and reports. Good organizational skills. Ability to provide high quality customer service. Good interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact effectively at various social levels and across diverse cultures. Maintaining composure in dealing with authorities, executives, clients, staff and the public, occasionally under conditions of urgency and in pressure situations. May be exposed to stressful situations, such as challenging individuals who are in or approaching an unauthorized area. Must undergo and meet company standards for background and reference checks and behavioral selection survey, in addition to any mandatory licensing requirements. May be required to work overtime without advance notice. Required ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently. Keyboarding, basic computer usage and operating controls. Seeing, hearing, speaking, and writing clearly in order to communicate with employees and clients, observe and report incidents, and direct others. Frequent sitting, standing and walking, that may involve climbing stairs and walking up inclines and on uneven terrain. Occasional reaching with hands and arms, stooping, kneeling, crouching and crawling. Frequent lifting and/or moving up to 10 pounds and occasional lifting and/or moving up to 25 pounds. Close vision, distance vision, and ability to adjust focus. May require driving vehicle for long periods of time in the performance of duties. On occasion may be required to perform stressful and physical activity. Depending upon assignment may be exposed to inclement weather or be required to work in environments or under conditions that require the use of protective gear and devices and/or awareness of personal safety and safety of others. May be exposed to or required to handle sensitive and confidential information. 
ScrapedJobID14:
Quatre semaines de vacances après un (1) an Fonds de pension à prestation déterminée Treize (13) jours de congés fériés 9,6 jours de maladie monnayable début décembre, si non-utilisés Programme d’assurances collectives complet Diplôme d'études secondaires ou équivalence reconnue par le Ministère de l'immigration, de la diversité et de l'inclusion; Expérience dans le secteur de la restauration, un atout; Flexibilité pour la liste de rappel : aucune heure garantie, horaire variable et appels de dernière minute; Disponibilité pour effectuer des quarts incomplets (d'une durée de 5h); Disponibilité minimale sur le quart de jour et de soir (5h à 23h15) , incluant une fin de semaine sur deux; Disponibilité à temps complet sur deux quarts (jour et soir) et toutes les fins de semaines constitue un atout. Preuve de vaccination contre la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID15:
Poste permanent à temps plein; Quart de travail : postes de jour, de soir, de nuit Salaire : pouvant aller jusqu’à 28,00$/heure selon compétences et expériences; Prime de quart variée : pouvant aller jusqu’à 2.50$/hre selon le quart; Assurances collectives (différents plans adaptés à vos besoins); Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite; Congés mobiles et personnels; Programme d’aide aux employés et à sa famille; Environnement de travail sécuritaire; Activités sociales. Travailler en collaboration avec l’équipe de maintenance pour inspecter, ajuster, réparer et installer tous les équipements ou outillages de production (industriels, mécaniques hydrauliques, pneumatiques et électriques) conformément aux plans et aux devis; Effectuer la maintenance corrective et préventive. Posséder un diplôme d'études professionnelles en mécanique, en électromécanique ou formation connexe; Capacité de lire (plans), écrire et interpréter des informations relatives aux procédés de fabrication. 
ScrapedJobID16:
Accès à l'Égalité en emploi: Notre établissement applique un programme d'accès à l'égalité en emploi pour les personnes des groupes visés soit les femmes, les Autochtones, les minorités visibles et ethniques ainsi que les personnes handicapées, pour qui, des mesures d'adaptation peuvent être offertes en fonction de leurs besoins. Nous invitons ces personnes à présenter leur candidature. 
ScrapedJobID17:
Innovate on audio storytelling, exploring completely new ways for people to tell stories in audio formats Developing new products that unlock more ways for creators to engage their audience beyond the Wattpad platform Experiment with complex and groundbreaking new technical environments (ie, audio storytelling with social elements, new models for creator earnings, web3, and other new product concepts) Contributing ideas during brainstorming and discovery to build new methods of storytelling Bringing the sense of ownership of a co-founder, taking on roles and responsibilities across the team Plan collaboratively, and drive innovation with a multi-functional team Communicate with technical and non-technical audiences alike Practice agile principles, delivering experiences to our users continuously Strong knowledge of at least one of the following: Java, Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C or React Native Deep understanding of Android and/or iOS frameworks and modern design paradigms Deep understanding of user experience and user interface design Desire to help shape product evolution with new formats and across new platforms for the creator economy Like learning new things within and outside of technology: technical challenges, product ideas, business models Self-starter who is comfortable working with ambiguity Experience building and iterating on greenfield projects from the ground up A hands on approach to innovation with comfort adapting and building across a variety of technologies with minimal direction Excited by new technology and emerging consumer trends A passion for storytelling and creativity of expression Competitive salary Career development; we believe in mentorship and supporting you to achieve your goals Health benefits, fully covered on us! RRSP Contributions Generous vacation and Parental Leave Top-up $200/month Transit and Home Office Allowance, choice of hardware, flexible hours, hybrid office and remote work options Corporate discount for gym membership for you and your family A beautiful office in Downtown, Toronto with easy access to transit Summer Fridays with afternoons off! And a whole lot more! 
ScrapedJobID18:
Engage customers in day to day advice needs, service transactions, digital education, and customer problem resolution related to banking solutions Understand customer needs and guide customers to the right contact person for appropriate solutions while exercising good judgement in confidential matters Build customer confidence on emerging digital banking trends by educating them on mobile, ATM, and online banking Support the frontline staff with scheduled cash and non-cash transactions; resolve critical issues and report non-standard matters to management Recommend improvements to work practices, branch operations and processes to enhance customer experience and achieve operational excellence Participate in the timely and accurate completion of business processes and procedures Ensure prepared documentation is accurate, reflects business intentions, and is consistent with relevant regulations and TD's Code of Conduct and Ethics Help build a positive and equitable work environment by promoting team effectiveness, participating in personal performance development and sharing industry knowledge to achieve common objectives High School Diploma with over 1 year of relevant experience Undergraduate degree or equivalent is an asset Proficiency in using MS Office (Word, Excel and Outlook), branch software and internet Knowledge of banking solutions and processes to advise customers A self-starter who works independently in a dynamic work environment through strong administration, organizational, planning and time management skills A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with customers and related teams in a courteous, and effective manner 
ScrapedJobID19:

ScrapedJobID20:
Driller Assistants help the Driller obtain core samples, which our clients use to design foundations for new buildings, refineries, roads, dams, etc. On a typical day, Driller Assistants load drills and trucks with all the tooling and supplies required for the job. The Driller Assistant may then drive the drill or a support truck to the job. Working closely with the Driller and the client, the Driller Assistant prepares sampling devices, gives samples to the client, gets augers and other drill tooling for the driller (this involves heavy lifting), and keeps the work area clean by shoveling dirt away from the borehole. The work is outdoors, and very physically demanding. We’re VERY serious about safety, so don’t consider applying if you are the type of person who cuts corners or can’t follow safe work practices. No experience necessary. The work is outdoors year-round, in all weather. Drug and alcohol testing is a mandatory requirement of our clients. If you can’t pass, you can’t work. Candidates MUST have flexible schedules and be willing work out of town frequently. Job sites and hours of work change often. A good driving record is required (no more than 2 tickets, none serious, and NO DUI’s.) Being on time is a must, as is the ability to work safely as part of a team. Candidates MUST have their own transportation to get to and from our Edmonton or Calgary shops. Oilfield experience is NOT an asset. We wish to thank all those who apply. Due to the volume of applicants, however, we will only contact those selected for an interview. 
ScrapedJobID21:
Client Engagement - Respond to client inquiries and facilitate the mortgage application process. Administrative Support - Assist the Mortgage Advisor in activities to support their business Business Development Support - Assist with marketing and business development activities, which are designed to facilitate new business, by identifying, and attracting clients to the Mortgage Advisor You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it’s the right thing to do. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You can demonstrate experience in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and ideally have experience in residential mortgages. You’re passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID22:
Horaires flexibles Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour administration: 1 an (Souhaité) Français et anglais (Obligatoire) Travail en journée (Obligatoire) Oui 
ScrapedJobID23:
Researching prospective client companies Presenting the services and benefits of being a client of theITSupportCenter Interfacing with senior executives and decision-makers Managing ongoing client relationships Negotiating service agreements for our premium, differentiated platform Salary, bonus and uncapped potential sales commissions Commitment to developing skills and talent World-class training Senior management involvement and support Vast responsibility Unrivaled learning opportunities Significant earnings potential Highly organized, detail oriented Hungry and motivated to pursue leads - strong self-discipline Demonstrated track record of being a self-starter and taking initiative Interpersonal and communication skills Determination and resilience through long and challenging sales cycles Team-oriented - our success comes from working as a team and collaborating to win clients Bonus pay Commission pay 8 hour shift Monday to Friday English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID24:
Switchman for DE Railcrane Shear clean up and shredder beltman Rail track repair Operate wheel press Remove end caps from railcar wheel assemblies Brass shack: peddler piece sorting, battery pile and clean wire Will be able to work any assigned shift (days, afternoons, nights) Start in an entry level position and advance to more responsible positions Salary: $21.40/hour Physically capable of performing a labour intensive job outside in the elements Ability to work in a team environment Grade 12 diploma or GED is required Experience in operating heavy mobile equipment and machinery would be an asset Possess excellent communication skills, great work ethic and very good attendance Health, dental, vision, short & long term disability, and life/accidental life insurance RRSP with company matching Employee Assistance Program 
ScrapedJobID25:
Generate sales revenue by selling Empower’s virtual marketing assistant product and digital marketing services to businesses across Canada. Advise clients on the game-changing benefits of Empower’s products and digital marketing services while building strong business relationships and acquiring new client accounts. Commit to learning continuously about digital marketing trends, best practices, market segments and competition. Review inbound calls and/or leads to assess their potential prior to contact. Make outbound sales calls using a targeted contact list of clients who have expressed interest in the product and/or services. Track and follow up on all sales opportunities for existing and new customers. Update and maintain the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software program. Develop professionally by participating in sales training sessions. Minimum of 1 year of experience with inbound sales. Proven knowledge of digital marketing. Excellent knowledge of digital platforms (Facebook, LinkedIn Ads, Google Ads, Bing Ads, etc.). Highly developed communication skills and natural ability to negotiate. Availability to work 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Friday. 
ScrapedJobID26:
Assiste les utilisateurs en ce qui a trait à l’équipement et aux logiciels mis à leur disposition, les informe et les aide à résoudre les problèmes relatifs à l’utilisation des logiciels et de l’équipement. Fournir un support de 1er ligne sur le téléphone. Fournir un support de 2e ligne aux usagers sur le plancher. Installer les stations de travail et les logiciels clients dans le(s) département(s). Fournir l'assistance technique au personnel du fournisseur dans l'installation, la mise à jour et le support de l'application et/ou du matériel Assurer l'application de mesures de sécurité appropriées en tout temps Documenter toutes les opérations, procédures et composantes de l'infrastructure SI-TI pour assurer le support adéquat S'assurer d'obtenir l'autorisation de l'administrateur (A) avant de procéder à tout changement Participer à des projets gérés par les chargés de projets Dans le cas d'applications développées à l'interne, fournir un support de 1er ligne aux usagers Assurer la configuration adéquate des logiciels et matériels en fonction des standards technologiques et de sécurité établis Le candidat doit pouvoir régler des problèmes et faire de bon diagnostic avec des critères de références de 1er niveau en complexité. Diplôme de fin d'études collégiales (DEC) avec spécialisation en informatique d'une école reconnue par le ministère de l’éducation du Québec: 1 an d’expérience en soutien technique. Certifications Microsoft, Cisco, A+( un atout) Régime d'assurance-collective Régime de retraite (RREGOP) 20 jours de vacances après un (1) an travaillé 13 congés fériés 9,6 jours de maladie monnayable une fois l'an Programme de rabais aux employés Plusieurs restaurants, magasins, banques à proximité Facilement accessible par transport en commun Uploaded files: % () Total files: Uploading file: Elapsed time: Estimated time: 
ScrapedJobID27:
Your typical day will focus on speaking with people across Canada. As the face of our company, you will build rapport with our respondents, and obtain valued insights from Canadians from coast to coast (this is not a sales role). Make outbound calls to the public (typically within Canada), gaining respondents’ cooperation to participate in a telephone interview, maintaining respondents’ engagement throughout the call, asking and adhering to established script questions, overcoming objections as they arise and accurately recording respondent answers. Ensures quality of interviews by adhering to guidelines and instructions, accepting and applying feedback and instructions from management. Probe and ask questions to fill in any gaps so that you can determine the appropriate course of action according to market research and quality control policies and practices. In this role, you will have the benefit of a set shift schedule of four weekdays and one weekend day. Secondary school diploma or General Educational Development (GED) Must be available for a set shift schedule of four weekdays and one weekend day Must have 1-2 years of call center or collections experience Ability to problem solve and overcome objections on the phone Ability to be self-motivated, self-regulated and manage high volume of calls Demonstrate a courteous, polite, customer service approach Professional customer service attitude Strong communication (written & verbal) and active listening skills Familiar with CATI - Computer-Assisted Telephone Interviewing System Strong computer skills minimum typing speed of 45 wpm; navigation, multitasking skills High attention to detail & accuracy Bilingualism in French is an asset High-speed internet connection A fully functional computer with Windows 10 operating system or greater with the latest Windows Update patches; the system must also have at least an i5 processor or equivalent and 8GB or more of RAM Standard mouse and keyboard Mobile or landline telephone with headset Antivirus software installed A quiet space to perform your duties Comprehensive in-class training program with support to prepare you for the role Competitive benefits package which includes medical and dental Participation in our Group Savings and Retirement Program Vacation Ability to do your work from the comfort of your own home Access to Numeris Learning and Development Platform - Percipio, offering an abundance of e-Learning content, that is accessible anytime, anywhere, through your mobile device or desktop Our virtual workforce will receive a T2200 for income tax purposes for those meeting the CRA requirements Perkopolis – participation in a program that provides exclusive discounts on products and services to employees 
ScrapedJobID28:
Willingness to learn and love of all things iPhone/iPad Familiarity with Swift programming language Experience with SwiftUI or UIKit An understanding of the configuration options within Xcode and distributing apps on iOS and iPadOS Ability to develop and maintain unit and integration tests Possess excellent communication skills both written and verbal Experience with secure app development is a plus Familiarity with Objective-C is a plus Meet and get to know your team and how it fits within the rest of the organization Become familiar with the tools and processes that 1Password uses Acquire an understanding of the 1Password architecture and how it keeps user data safe and secure Investigate and solve minor issues to learn the applications’ architecture Become familiar with the codebase and future goals of the product Implement features and assist in planning and design Review other developers code, ensuring it’s understandable and aligns with our standards Ask and answer questions about your feature from within and outside of the team Diagnose bugs from user reports and crash logs Interact with customers to answer questions and solve bugs that directly affect our users Experience new areas of iOS development that you have wanted to learn more about Work independently based on published design and planning specifications Foresee issues with APIs before implementation as they pertain to your feature Implement from design specifications and provide feedback where necessary Answer technical questions about the Mac, iOS, and iPadOS applications from outside of the team Assist others when they experience development difficulties Grow your technical knowledge and abilities Remote-first environment with flexible working hours to accommodate work-life balance Competitive salary, a comprehensive benefits package, and RRSP or 401K match program Employee Stock Options Program Flexible vacation and time off including additional personal and sick days Wellness programs, Employee Assistance Program and an annual wellness allowance Paid parental leave programs Professional development and peer recognition opportunities Company swag and a free family 1Password subscription (and a discount for friends!) 
ScrapedJobID29:
Generate sales revenue by selling Empower’s virtual marketing assistant product and digital marketing services to businesses across Canada. Advise clients on the game-changing benefits of Empower’s products and digital marketing services while building strong business relationships and acquiring new client accounts. Commit to learning continuously about digital marketing trends, best practices, market segments and competition. Review inbound calls and/or leads to assess their potential prior to contact. Make outbound sales calls using a targeted contact list of clients who have expressed interest in the product and/or services. Track and follow-up on all sales opportunities for existing and new customers. Update and maintain the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software program. Develop professionally by participating in sales training sessions. Minimum 2 years experience with inbound sales. Knowledge and understanding of digital marketing. Excellent knowledge of digital platforms (Facebook, LinkedIn Ads, Google Ads, Bing Ads, etc.). Highly developed communication skills and natural ability to negotiate. Availability to work 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Friday. 
ScrapedJobID30:
Bring stories to life through scripted and non-scripted interactions with fans and viewers Connect with fans and viewers by asking open-ended questions to assess their needs, make appropriate recommendations, and provide assistance and accurate information to resolve their issues Provide accurate information and efficient trouble-shooting techniques, especially in technical areas such as software functionality or networking that could affect a streaming viewing experience Document contacts to ensure VX can champion change and reduce friction points Escalate issues and/or opportunities as directed Contribute to a high energy, storytelling environment providing viewers with an entertaining, fun and dynamic experience Consistently treat all fans, viewers and fellow employees with respect and contribute to a positive work environment Take a proactive role in maintaining Disney brand standards Uphold all company policies as outlined in the Standard Operating Procedures, Employee Policy Manual and Standards of Business Conduct Assist with special projects as assigned Previous work experience in a customer service capacity Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Must have the ability to use proper punctuation, grammar and spelling in all written communications. Excellent typing, phone and computer navigation skills Knowledge of multiple web browsers, email and messaging platforms Familiarity with digital streaming services, devices and mobile applications Ability to receive feedback and take action when appropriate Have a positive, can-do attitude. You’re flexible and have no problem quickly switching gears or multi-tasking to better accommodate the needs of our viewers or our team Strong attention to detail Strong time management skills to ensure productivity in alignment with department standards, you thrive in a quick-paced environment Value accountability across the board and take ownership of issues from start to finish Ability to work a flexible schedule that may include weekends, evenings and holidays Fluency in English Previous call center experience Basic internet connection troubleshooting (router, modem, WiFi, etc.) Experience with Microsoft Office or G-Suite tools and a ticketing or customer service platform (Salesforce, Zendesk, ServiceNow, etc) High school diploma or equivalent Must be able to pass a background check 
ScrapedJobID31:
Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Nourriture à Prix Réduit ou Gratuite Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Régimes de participation aux bénéfices Stationnement sur place 10 Heures Disponibilité la fin de semaine Saint-Nicolas, QC: Faire le trajet sans problème ou prévoir un déménagement avant de prendre son poste (Obligatoire) Travail en soirée (Obligatoire) Non 
ScrapedJobID32:
Être disponible à travailler sur deux (2) quarts de travail (Jour/Soir, ou Nuit/Jour). Être disponible une (1) fin de semaine sur deux (2). Être disponible à temps complet. Être disponible à travailler sur appel. Détenir un diplôme d'études secondaires (DES) complété ou une évaluation comparative des études effectuées hors Québec OU Détenir une attestation d'études professionnelles (AEP) en Hygiène et salubrité en milieux de soins. Détenir un diplôme d'études secondaires (DES) ou une évaluation comparative des études effectuées hors Québec. 
ScrapedJobID33:
Dockworker Efficiently sort, handle, load and unload palletized and non-palletized freight Use appropriate motorized and manual equipment, including pallet jack, forklift and by hand Secure freight inside trailers using appropriate tools and supplies Work in a safe, efficient manner, adhering to company safety policies Use mobile handheld devices to scan and track shipments Work on a dock that is not climate-controlled for extended periods of time To be at least 18 years of age Ability to do basic math calculations, with and without a calculator Availability to work a variety of shifts, including days, evenings, nights and weekends, due to varying freight volumes Dock/warehouse experience in the transportation industry Forklift experience in a freight/less-than-truckload environment Experience loading and unloading trailers Desire to succeed with strong attention to detail Lift freight and other objects of various shapes, sizes and weights (up to 50 lbs. frequently and greater than 70 lbs. occasionally) Sort, handle, load and unload palletized and non-palletized freight using appropriate motorized and manual equipment, including a pallet jack, forklift and by hand Safely walk and stand for extended periods of time on a loading dock that is not climate-controlled and may be slippery Reach (including above your head), bend, climb, push, pull, twist, squat and kneel as necessary 
