ScrapedJobID1:

ScrapedJobID2:
Flexible vacation days Health and wellness spending accounts Flexibility to work from anywhere (we’re currently remote-first, but this applies beyond COVID-19) Build out environments and streamline deployments to AWS with containers. Build and maintain continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) tools and processes. Provide operational support and guidance to other engineers to ensure production-ready code. Manage application logging and monitoring infrastructure. Experience running node.js applications. Experience with Postgres. Experience working with protected health information (PHI). Familiarity with penetration testing tools and vulnerability scanners. Familiarity with managing a VPN (e.g., OpenVPN). Experience with performance, scalability, and reliability issues of 24x7 SaaS application Monitor and maintain environment stability to meet SLAs. Proficiency with the Amazon AWS ecosystem (EC2, S3, RDS, ALB, ECS, KMS, IAM, Lambda, Code Build, Code Deploy, Route53, CloudTrail, etc.) Familiarity with building and deploying Docker containers, especially with ECS, Kubernetes, or Swarm. Experience managing infrastructure with terraform or Cloud Formation. Familiarity with cloud computing best practices. Significant Linux experience (any of RHEL/Amazon/Ubuntu). Proficiency with a scripting language (python/ruby). Ability to manage code repositories with Git. 
ScrapedJobID3:
Building complex, highly-available, cloud architectures using Infrastructure as Code (IaC) best practices Working with a Solutions Architect to design and implement technical solutions that meet business needs Building and deploying CI/CD pipelines that suit customer workflows Leading and educate customers in application modernization efforts (eg containerization, cloud-native technology adoption, 12-factor application design) Establishing credibility and build impactful relationships with our customers Advocating for, and demonstrating, operational maturity and responsible engineering practices to internal and external stakeholders 5+ years of experience in Information technology, preference for infrastructure and platform services automation 2+ years of experience with engineering and supporting containerization technology (OpenShift, Kubernetes, EKS/GKE) 2+ years of experience with CI/CD tooling and best practices Strong knowledge of foundational elements of public cloud (AWS, Azure or Google Cloud). Experience with IaC tools such as Terraform or CloudFormation Experience with scripting languages (Python, Ruby, Shell scripting etc.) to automate routine operational tasks Proficiency in networking and network security concepts A proactive approach to identifying technical risk and communicating it to the SA networking and network security concepts: 1 year (preferred) CI/CD tooling and best practices: 2 years (required) Public Cloud (AWS, Azure or Google Cloud): 2 years (required) Public Cloud: AWS: 2 years (preferred) Public Cloud: Google Cloud: 2 years (preferred) Public Cloud: Azure: 2 years (preferred) Terraform: 1 year (preferred) Cloud Formation: 1 year (preferred) Scripting Languages: 1 year (preferred) containerization technology (OpenShift, Kubernetes, EKS/GKE): 2 years (required) infrastructure and platform services automation: 4 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID4:
Code, test, debug, implement, and document new software, either simple tools or parts of more complex applications; initiate design, develop new features, develop validation/test plans and provide support for rollout to production Participate on the design and development of the automation of the solution deployment and operations Assist in the completion of unit testing by preparing test data, running tests and evaluating results; develop screen tests and debugging problems; develop test plans to verify logic of new or modified programs Develop and provide technical documentation, participate and oversee test-plan development, integration and deployment Support Cloud service deployments into new locations Master degree in computer science, information systems, or equivalent experience English language 0 -1 years of professional experience in the practice area, or experience from school projects At least basic Linux administration or Windows Basic Scripting knowledge (bash, PowerShell or other scripting languages) Knowledge of one or more of the following languages: C, C++, JAVA, Perl, Python At least basic knowledge and/ or practical experience with Microsoft Azure/ Amazon Web Services (AWS) / Google Cloud in an advantage Experience with version control tools Git or SVN is an advantage Chance to start up career. Opportunity to growth in high IT environment. Work with international team and learn from professionals. Opportunity to work with new technologies. We offer salary min. 1200 brutto/ month, based on experience and knowledge, the salary is likely to be higher. 
ScrapedJobID5:
Develop plans and execute application and data migrations from on-premises data centers to Azure. Design and develop cloud-native business solutions. Develop, implement, and deploy hybrid cloud and multi cloud solutions involving integration of Azure services with on-premises components and systems residing in other clouds. Create, manage, and support Azure landing zones. Deploy, provision, and manage multiple Azure infrastructure components including but not limited to virtual networks and subnets, virtual machines, applications, containers, serverless, storage, IAM services, virtual network appliances, VDI, logging, and monitoring. Manage master images and associated operating system, application, and security upgrades. Migrate, deploy, and provision business applications and databases. Automate Azure deployment, provisioning, and management tasks with CI/CD pipelines. Perform regular management and administration tasks for all Azure services including upgrades, patching, backup, restore, troubleshooting, and issue remediation. All other duties as required. BS degree in Computer Science/related field or commensurate body of previous work. 5+ years’ experience and professional Azure certifications. Prior experience working with Azure cloud; experience with working with AWS or GCP is considered an asset. Previous consulting experience in DevOps/Agile/Lean environment. Demonstrated experience working with the multiple Azure services and technologies including but not limited to virtual machines and virtual machine scale sets, containers and AKS, App Service, Azure Functions, databases, Azure AD and AD DS, Azure Migrate, ASR, VPN Gateways, ExpressRoute, Load Balancers, Azure Storage, Azure Files, etc. Automation experience with PowerShell, Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Terraform, or Ansible Knowledge of Linux and Windows Server administration. Knowledge of hypervisor technologies like VMware vSphere/vCenter, Microsoft Hyper-V, or Nutanix Acropolis Must have a passion for customer success, team building, and a commitment to team success. Must be solution-oriented with proactive mindset. Must have superior attention to details. Must have an ability to be strategic and execute fast in a fast-paced environment. Must be motivated and ambitious, interested in personal growth and development. A team of bright, hard-working, and innovative people that will contribute to your growth. Vacation, retirement plan, and a comprehensive benefits plan. 
ScrapedJobID6:
Respond to Cloud incidents and provide expert troubleshooting and diagnostic input to help resolve issues, while also participating in follow-up work to continuously add stability to our platform. Build and support internal tooling that helps us grow our cloud offering Influence designs, architectures, standards, and methods for distributed systems for reliability, scalability, and serviceability. Collaborate with a world-class engineering team to propose Cloud services that solve recurring patterns our Cloud customers face. Bachelor’s degree in software engineering, computer science, computer engineering, or related technical field OR equivalent practical experience Experience related to a DevOps-based Cloud environment Experience within the Kubernetes platform and ecosystem Understanding of algorithms and data structures Troubleshooting and analytical skills Experience with Python OR Go Experience in relational database systems Excellent verbal and written interpersonal and team communication skills Ideally this position is in New York, Toronto, or London, but working remotely elsewhere on the US East Coast is an option. Top notch medical and dental coverage for you and your family 30 days of paid leave annually to help nurture work-life symbiosis Stock options Wellness stipend Pre-tax transportation and commuter benefits 6-month parental leave (or double salary to pay for your partner's unpaid leave) Free travel for any person accompanying a breastfeeding mother and her baby on a business trip A dependent care stipend up to $3,000 (USD) per month, per child, under the age of 21 for a maximum of $6,000 (USD) per month total Budget to attend conferences, train, and further your education $1,250 (CAD) one-time-use WFH stipend and $95 (CAD) monthly WFH stipend Relocation assistance 
ScrapedJobID7:
Azure Devops: 7 years (preferred) Microsoft Azure: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID8:
Experience in Serverless (Lambda or Azure Function) architecture using either Python or Node JS Experience using some of the following tools: AWS Code Commit, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Code Deploy, Ansible (must) Deep understanding and working experience in AWS account creation and best practices. Good understanding of Cloud Networking VPC, security groups, HA/DR, ALB vs ELB, CDN Working experience in containers and container orchestration (K8s) Strong understanding and hands on experiencing in designing account structure on cloud In-depth knowledge and solid experience designing, deploying and operating cloud network infrastructure including: Direct Connect/Express Route, cloud Ingress and egress, VPC, Routing, Transit Gateways, virtual hubs, private links, Route 53, CloudFront, ALB, subnets, SaaS Integration etc. Strong programming knowledge in Python, NodeJS and PowerShell Solid knowledge of Cloud Identity and Access Management; identity federation and effective and secure IAM policy design Deep understanding of infrastructure as code using AWS Cloud Formation, CFN Stack Sets, CDK Hands on experience with CI/CD technologies -AWS Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Bit bucket In-depth knowledge of Cloud Security practices and native cloud security toolsets and the experience of designing and embedding automated security practices Experience developing Guardrails for use of cloud services and developing security linting rules for cloud pipeline integration Experience in architect, design and implement platform patterns and shared services on cloud platforms Experience and hands on knowledge on documenting solution designs and reference documentations Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skill sets Certifications: Certified Solutions Architect, Certified Security Engineer, Certified Advanced Networking Bonus pay Extended health care Life insurance Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Cloud Engineer (Azure): 9 years (required) Cloud Infrastructure, Serverless architecture, Python,: 1 year (required) containers and container orchestration (K8s): 1 year (required) Security Engineer: 1 year (preferred) Advanced Networking: 1 year (preferred) Solutions Architect (required) 
ScrapedJobID9:
Be responsible for developer productivity and for providing the best experience so that our developers can bring value to our customers frequently and with high quality Improving and maintaining the CI/CD pipeline Develop a monitoring system for key infrastructure Design and optimize cloud deployment architecture Automating workflows Work in an Agile team 5+ years of experience in software development 3+ years of experience as a Dev Ops Engineer (or equivalent) Experience with CI/CD pipelines such as Jenkins, Circle CI, and GitLab Experience developing scalable cloud applications with Google Cloud Platform or AWS Experience working in an Agile Scrum team Experience working with Java/Maven applications is an asset Development experience using Python is an asset Experience in the cyber security domain is an asset 
ScrapedJobID10:
Experience deploying and managing resources in Azure and/or Google Cloud Platform Ability to thrive in a collaborative, empowered, self-organized team environment Excellent analytical skills such as planning and problem-solving A passion to create great user experiences on the web An aptitude for learning and sharing new skills Strong communication skills Microsoft SQL Server ASP.Net Core This position is entirely online Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID11:
Working in tandem with our team, identify and implement the optimal cloud-based solutions for our clients. Plan and deliver infrastructure transformations and migrations by creating, implementing and supporting scalable, high-performing cloud solutions. Configure and deploy Microsoft Windows and Linux servers and systems using automation techniques and Cloud Service Provider user interfaces (graphical, API, and CLI). Conduct virtualized server, workstation, and infrastructure integration, administration, troubleshooting, backup, and recovery. Manage cloud environments in accordance with security guidelines. Deploying and debugging cloud initiatives as needed in accordance with best practices. Educating teams on the implementation of new cloud-based initiatives, providing associated training as required. Lead and develop best practices for the larger overall Cloud team. Implementing the set-up of geographically redundant services. Orchestrating and automating cloud-based platforms. Employing exceptional problem-solving skills, with the ability to see and solve issues before they snowball into problems. Maintain a deep understanding and awareness of technology advancements for future cloud, software, and other relative implementations and capabilities to support architecting, engineering, and planning activities. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering Three to five years’ experience in a Cloud Engineer role or related position. Relevant Microsoft Azure Certification as an Administrator, Security and Architect. (Other cloud-related certification also a plus.) Experience in working with Azure DevOps solutions such as Infrastructure as Code (IaC) and CI/CD pipelines, including using tools such as Terraform. Experience with Azure/AWS services Compute, Storage, Networking, Serverless, Security/Identity/Compliance tools Experience in Identity Management (IAM), including Azure AD Excellent communication and organizational skills, and the ability to stay focused on completing tasks and meeting goals within a busy workspace. Skilled at working in tandem with a team, or alone as required. Advanced level of expertise in Windows operating system engineering and administration. Familiarity with enterprise IT services and architectures. A collaborative and creative work environment that truly values and cares about their employees as people Bonus Program Comprehensive benefits package Training and education opportunities A fun and inclusive team building environment Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Cloud Engineer: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID12:
Migrate and maintain existing VMWare-based on-premises infrastructure into Microsoft Azure Cloud environments. This includes efforts in designing and implementing network & security, governance, disaster recovery, data backup, cloud storage and more in the Microsoft Azure platform for the R&D department. Work with the DevOps Engineer on implementing Site Reliability Engineering practices to design, drive and develop tools, automation, CI/CD pipeline to operationalize new R&D software development processes. Work with R&D teams to transform legacy technology stack to allow to be more cloud-native. Participate in evaluating new technologies and architectures with R&D for Cayenta’s next generation of cloud-native applications. The role will cross organizational boundaries to ensure high collaborative efforts and deliverable goals are met – you may be embedded in R&D and Operational teams to help deliver solutions for Cloud services – e.g. operationalizing new cloud services which require collaboration between R&D, Support and Operations. Participate in designing migration project plans to take Cayenta on-premises customers to Cayenta Cloud. 3+ years of hands-on Cloud experience Microsoft Certifications: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104), Azure Solutions Architect Expert (AZ-303 & AZ-304), Azure Security Engineer (AZ-500) Scripting and automation (Python, Powershell, Shell, Azure CLI, etc) Terraform and Ansible (or similar) Kubernetes and Docker CI/CD tools and processes (Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD, etc) Monitoring tools like Prometheus, Datadog, Dynatrace, and other CNCF tools Log streaming experience with logstash, fluentbit to Elastic/Kibana, Datadog System administration of Windows and Linux operating systems Web servers (Tomcat and NGINX) and database concepts (MS SQL Server and Oracle) Networking and security Virtualization Microsoft DevOps Engineer Expert certification (AZ-400) Experience with CIS or ERP applications Experience with SOA or microservices architectures 
ScrapedJobID13:
Managing multiple projects Utilizing your technical skills to trouble-shoot successfully Coaching; mentoring; and working with various users 10+ years of experience in Infrastructure and Operations 5+ years of experience with cloud platforms Experience architecting cloud infrastructures on Microsoft Azure Prioritizing your well-being (Wellness Program, flexible health benefits, employee assistance) Promoting balance (flexible schedules, generous time off, and work from home options) Supporting your financial health (employee share purchase plan, pension plans, discount on staff insurance) Helping you grow in your career (education assistance, internal mobility) Caring about the community and the causes you believe in (donation matching, team volunteering) 
ScrapedJobID14:
Work with cutting edge infrastructure tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm, and Istio Accelerate development across the company with faster, safer, and more frequent deploys Meaningfully improve developer happiness and productivity across the company with better development tools and workflows Contribute directly to the bottom line with cost savings initiatives and optimizations Catch errors and performance issues early with automated monitoring and alerting Amazon Web Services Tens of containerized microservices written in Python and/or JS processing a total of 125k+ requests per second Mix of Elastic Beanstalk and Kubernetes for deploying services (migration project to k8s is in full swing) Infrastructure as Code in Terraform and Helm Datadog and Opsgenie for logging, monitoring, and alerting Postgres for storage and Redis for caching Gitlab for version control and CI/CD Python, Bash, and Docker for local development workflows and CI/CD jobs You have experience and comfort with POSIX-based operating systems You’ve used docker before and understand what it is and what problems it solves You have some knowledge of how networked services in the cloud work: VPC, IP, TCP, DNS, HTTP, etc. You abhor repetitive manual processes and are excited to automate them away You have a sixth sense for spotting waste (in money, time, CPU cycles) and eliminating it You learn quickly, regardless of the languages and technologies used Compensation: We pay top-of-market for Canadian interns Co-op. Our top students earn $30+ per hour Top Talent: work with the best in the world, including Engineers and Leadership from Google, Facebook, Wish, YouTube, Uber and more. Build Something Great: most importantly, build infrastructure for services used by millions around the world - have ownership, have impact, and do great work. 
ScrapedJobID15:
Work cross-functionally with the backend/server team, data/match team, customer success, and other teams to deliver a stable and functional production environment Owns several key areas of infrastructure to ensure a secure and safe environment for our customers and employees Own the architecture with a heavy investment in Kubernetes spanning multiple clusters. Additionally, we’re moving to a hybrid platform of Cloud to Data Center based deployments. Shared ownership of our various database clusters, network, and the overall underlying infrastructure that supports a multitude of applications and services Proficiency in AWS or other Cloud Platforms At least 4+ years of operations engineering experience, most of which were in a team environment Proficiency in writing scripts in Python or Bash Experience in Networking, VPCs, and IDS/IPS Technology Strong adherence to technical documentation Prior experience with large-scale, high volume systems Passion for start-ups Experience in Security Policy and Enforcement Nice to have * Experience in Bare Metal and Data Center Environments Please make sure to mark Coffee Meets Bagel as "safe" as our email tend to hit the Spam folder. 
ScrapedJobID16:
building and setting up new development tools and infrastructure understanding the needs of stakeholders and conveying this to developers working on ways to automate and improve development and release processes testing and examining code written by others and analysing results ensuring that systems are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats identifying technical problems and developing software updates and ‘fixes’ working with software developers and software engineers to ensure that development follows established processes and works as intended planning out projects and being involved in project management decisions. Bonus pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift What is you status of stay in Canada ? Expected Salary in CAD/year ? DevOps: 4 years (preferred) Cloud: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID17:
Migrate and maintain existing VMWare-based on-premises infrastructure into Microsoft Azure Cloud environments. This includes efforts in designing and implementing network & security, governance, disaster recovery, data backup, cloud storage and more in the Microsoft Azure platform for the R&D department. Work with the DevOps Engineer on implementing Site Reliability Engineering practices to design, drive and develop tools, automation, CI/CD pipeline to operationalize new R&D software development processes. Work with R&D teams to transform legacy technology stack to allow to be more cloud-native. Participate in evaluating new technologies and architectures with R&D for Cayenta’s next generation of cloud-native applications. The role will cross organizational boundaries to ensure high collaborative efforts and deliverable goals are met – you may be embedded in R&D and Operational teams to help deliver solutions for Cloud services – e.g. operationalizing new cloud services which require collaboration between R&D, Support and Operations. Participate in designing migration project plans to take Cayenta on-premises customers to Cayenta Cloud. 3+ years of hands-on Cloud experience Microsoft Certifications: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104), Azure Solutions Architect Expert (AZ-303 & AZ-304), Azure Security Engineer (AZ-500) Scripting and automation (Python, Powershell, Shell, Azure CLI, etc) Terraform and Ansible (or similar) Kubernetes and Docker CI/CD tools and processes (Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD, etc) Monitoring tools like Prometheus, Datadog, Dynatrace, and other CNCF tools Log streaming experience with logstash, fluentbit to Elastic/Kibana, Datadog System administration of Windows and Linux operating systems Web servers (Tomcat and NGINX) and database concepts (MS SQL Server and Oracle) Networking and security Virtualization Microsoft DevOps Engineer Expert certification (AZ-400) Experience with CIS or ERP applications Experience with SOA or microservices architectures 
ScrapedJobID18:
Designing and implementing a solution for operations, configuration and maintenance of application stack (Spring Boot, Database, K8S cluster, etc.) for customer on SAP C4C Cloud platform in public cloud Developing, managing and maintaining the SAP C4C Cloud automation platform to ensure all deployments and upgrades of relevant applications are performed smoothly Ensuring a sustainable high quality of services for customer C4C sites though proactive monitoring, planning and automation initiatives Troubleshooting and orientating resolutions to complex technical problems across multiple tiers Planning, reviewing and executing continuous system changes and improvements Developing and maintaining technical documentation in a highly readable manner In-depth application bottleneck diagnosis and platform performance tuning using APM and Database tools Acting as an escalation point for all technical issues related to the platform during the on-call shift or customer events Coaching junior colleagues and acting as subject-matter-expert driving one or more topics Continuous process re-engineering and improvement in an agile manner Minimum of bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (preferably Computer Science or related disciplines), or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years direct experience in a similar role with cloud-oriented mentality Extensive experience with large-scale cloud-base application deployments across high availability cloud (public and/or private) infrastructure Good understanding of Microservices Architecture, Cloud Native Application and implementation best practices Experts in one or more of these technologies or areas: Kubernetes, Istio, API Gateway, HANA Cloud, MongoDB, Kafka, ElasticSearch. Solid understanding of common web protocols Highly skilled in CI/CD tools (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, Rundeck) and scripting (e.g. Python, Shell) Good understanding of RDBMS, such as SAP HANA, MSSQL and MySQL, especially in performance tuning area Moderate understanding of C4C solutions and implementation best practices Highly customer-focused attitude, with natural ability to engage with customers and manage stakeholders Profound experience working in managed services or a cloud-based service provider like Azure or GCP Ability to multitask and prioritize tasks even under stressful conditions Professional efficiency in English (both verbal and written) Availability to on-occasion flexible working hours, as well as occasional participation in off-hour on-call support rotations AWS, Azure, GCP, AliCloud public cloud solutions Experience in C4C framework Web/Mobile application and software developing experience Understanding of JVM optimization, tuning and debugging VMWare stack for private cloud: Hypervisor, NSX and vCenter Application performance tuning and APM tools such as Dynatrace Database performance tuning for SAP HANA and/or MSSQL ITIL Certification(s) Scrum Certification(s) Experience in project management 
ScrapedJobID19:
Technical management team that understands the details of what we are developing A culture of openness and inclusiveness Helpful and talented engineers who are world-class experts in many fields Teams focused on good work life balance with long average retention rates A wide range of engineering disciplines and career paths that can move between divisions Fully remote company for career growth without relocation requirements Software Engineering or Computer Science degree Linux experience and familiarity with Linux networking and storage Python software development experience Demonstrated drive for continual learning Devops experience Experience with OpenStack or Kubernetes deployment or operations We hope that you'll join us in helping to shape and build the future of free software together Learning and Development Annual Compensation Review Recognition Rewards Annual Leave Priority Pass for travel Flexible working option 
ScrapedJobID20:
Code, test, debug, implement, and document new software, either simple tools or parts of more complex applications; initiate design, develop new features, develop validation/test plans and provide support for rollout to production Participate on the design and development of the automation of the solution deployment and operations Assist in the completion of unit testing by preparing test data, running tests and evaluating results; develop screen tests and debugging problems; develop test plans to verify logic of new or modified programs Develop and provide technical documentation, participate and oversee test-plan development, integration and deployment Support Cloud service deployments into new locations Master degree in computer science, information systems, or equivalent experience English language 0 -1 years of professional experience in the practice area, or experience from school projects At least basic Linux administration or Windows Basic Scripting knowledge (bash, PowerShell or other scripting languages) Knowledge of one or more of the following languages: C, C++, JAVA, Perl, Python At least basic knowledge and/ or practical experience with Microsoft Azure/ Amazon Web Services (AWS) / Google Cloud in an advantage Experience with version control tools Git or SVN is an advantage Chance to start up career. Opportunity to growth in high IT environment. Work with international team and learn from professionals. Opportunity to work with new technologies. We offer salary min. 1200 brutto/ month, based on experience and knowledge, the salary is likely to be higher. 
ScrapedJobID21:
Identify and customize cloud platforms to scale our applications to the cloud in an efficient and secure manner. Describe best practices and efficiencies in the development and deployment process to ensure availability and performance. Collaborate with internal teams to streamline and modernize solution design and deployment. Troubleshoot incidents within the cloud domain, document problems and implement preventative measures to identify and resolve issues before impacting production. Educate on implementation and maintenance of cloud-based solutions. Bachelor’s degree in CS, IT, or maths or equivalent experience in an IT field. 3-5 years of experience architecting, designing, developing, and implementing cloud solutions on AWS Demonstrable application of AWS well-architected framework You are an expert in AWS and/or Azure cloud You are an evangelist for Multi-Cloud, Containers, and Orchestration You have strong knowledge on emerging technologies and security You have an analytical mindset to translate complex ideas, concepts, and reports into practical plans and clear documentation. You are a process-oriented team player You are excited to challenge and ask questions Excellent communication skills. Experience with healthcare / imaging solutions an asset. 
ScrapedJobID22:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID23:
Customer satisfaction Subject Matter Expert Personal Development Be Easy to Work With Knowledge Base Contribution Autonomy - Makes judgements and decisions within a broadly defined approach and with minimal supervision. Can analyse a wide range of situations and resolve them in creative ways, demonstrating good judgement. Collaboration - Challenges, supports and guides peers; develops network with senior internal and external personnel. Leadership - May lead sprints or small projects within areas of specialism. Incident management - Adopts incident commander role for typical incidents, demonstrates key skills, escalates when necessary and in accordance with agreed procedures. Customer focus - Participates in customer discussions at all phases of the customer journey, and is able to translate customer requirements into engineering solutions. Diagnosis and troubleshooting - Uses experience and a deep understanding of problem domain to identify and resolve a wide range of issues. Cloud - Understands how fundamental computing concepts (compute, data, networking, access, etc) translate into cloud platform services, and is able to work effectively with them. Systems engineering track - machine fundamentals, operating systems, networking, distributed systems, scripting (level D). Software engineering track - algorithms & data structures, languages, coding, runtimes, software system design, APIs (level D). Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That’s why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs , and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing . We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working . We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority! Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community Opportunity for growth & development . Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We’re multi-cloud and proud! An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you’re on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you’re an integral part of the team and we’ll make sure you know what’s up Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded 
ScrapedJobID24:
Azure Devops: 7 years (preferred) Microsoft Azure: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID25:
Working in tandem with our team, identify and implement the optimal cloud-based solutions for our clients. Plan and deliver infrastructure transformations and migrations by creating, implementing and supporting scalable, high-performing cloud solutions. Configure and deploy Microsoft Windows and Linux servers and systems using automation techniques and Cloud Service Provider user interfaces (graphical, API, and CLI). Conduct virtualized server, workstation, and infrastructure integration, administration, troubleshooting, backup, and recovery. Manage cloud environments in accordance with security guidelines. Deploying and debugging cloud initiatives as needed in accordance with best practices. Educating teams on the implementation of new cloud-based initiatives, providing associated training as required. Lead and develop best practices for the larger overall Cloud team. Implementing the set-up of geographically redundant services. Orchestrating and automating cloud-based platforms. Employing exceptional problem-solving skills, with the ability to see and solve issues before they snowball into problems. Maintain a deep understanding and awareness of technology advancements for future cloud, software, and other relative implementations and capabilities to support architecting, engineering, and planning activities. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering Three to five years’ experience in a Cloud Engineer role or related position. Relevant Microsoft Azure Certification as an Administrator, Security and Architect. (Other cloud-related certification also a plus.) Experience in working with Azure DevOps solutions such as Infrastructure as Code (IaC) and CI/CD pipelines, including using tools such as Terraform. Experience with Azure/AWS services Compute, Storage, Networking, Serverless, Security/Identity/Compliance tools Experience in Identity Management (IAM), including Azure AD Excellent communication and organizational skills, and the ability to stay focused on completing tasks and meeting goals within a busy workspace. Skilled at working in tandem with a team, or alone as required. Advanced level of expertise in Windows operating system engineering and administration. Familiarity with enterprise IT services and architectures. A collaborative and creative work environment that truly values and cares about their employees as people Bonus Program Comprehensive benefits package Training and education opportunities A fun and inclusive team building environment Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Cloud Engineer: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID26:
Experience deploying and managing resources in Azure and/or Google Cloud Platform Ability to thrive in a collaborative, empowered, self-organized team environment Excellent analytical skills such as planning and problem-solving A passion to create great user experiences on the web An aptitude for learning and sharing new skills Strong communication skills Microsoft SQL Server ASP.Net Core This position is entirely online Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID27:
As an AWS Foundations scrum team the person would be responsible for building out and maintaining AWS Cloud Infrastructure as Software Activities would include maintaining grooming and developing a backlog of technical user stories based on a set of features that deliver value to client Will be responsible for setting up new instances in AWS monitoring system health and performance of instances deployed in AWS and operating the S3 SQS SWF VPC DyanamoDB CloudSearch ELB EBS Directory Services IAM ECS AWS cloud components Monitor of infrastructure systems health assess alarm conditions conduct incident review and root cause analysis and escalate incidents as appropriate Participate in change management perform systems storage and network maintenance apply updates and patches tuning resource trending and administration Will ensure that all packaged apps are highly available in the AWS set up Responding to support issues related to Linux and Windows VMs hosted in AWS Responsible for detail documentations for cross training the next batch of system engineers and ensuring coverage as required per business needs 
ScrapedJobID28:
Hear from our leadership team Browse Awards and Employee Reviews on Comparably Visit our Blog Zoom with us! Find us on social at the links below and on Instagram 
ScrapedJobID29:
Our team is 31% women and as diverse as the population in the regions we operate in, including the LGBTQIA+ community. 49% of our people were born in countries other than where our offices are located. Our team members collectively speak 19 different languages. 59% of our people speak more than one language In the past year Architech has increased the number of women in our technology function by 200%. We strive to do even better as our multi-year strategic plan unfolds. We analyzed salaries by gender of persons in the same role and are delighted to report a 0% gender pay gap in our delivery and technology roles! Design and develop automated testing solutions that adhere to proper testing methodology, design and coding standards. Collaborate closely with software engineers and the project team to ensure the deliverables meet quality requirements and test coverage. Build, automate, and maintain QA environments. Perform functional, system, integration, and regression testing. Write test cases from business and technical requirements. Log defects and work with engineers to troubleshoot and verify fixes. Create quality status reports and escalate issues effectively to the project team/client. Approach work and new projects with the client needs and users in mind. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent program. Minimum 3+ years of QA experience with a heavy emphasis on automation testing, especially with JavaScript and software testing. Minimum 1 year of hands on experience with Cypress. Experience building and maintaining the test automation framework and test strategy for different layers of testing. Extensive knowledge of AWS and Microsoft Azure is an asset. Must be a self-driven individual. Strong verbal and written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID30:
Champion “Production Quality” and create cutting-edge cloud infrastructure. Partner with product development teams in order to provide domain expertise around infrastructure design, security, and observability. Enhance our Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) practice by automating manual business and operational processes. Drive technical innovation and efficiency in infrastructure operations via automation and orchestration. Manage, improve, and monitor cloud infrastructure on Amazon servicing clients from around the world. Develop, maintain, and enforce SLI/SLO to ensure service and infrastructure availability. Continuously evaluate and tune the monitoring and alerting to enable proactive incident management. Ensure SOP and infrastructure security are in compliance with ISO 27K / SOC. Research new technologies and incorporate them into our service as necessary. Contributing to the creation of standards, policies, and other technology guidelines. 2+ years of experience working in an Infrastructure-as-Code environment using configuration management tools such as Ansible, Terraform, CloudFormation, Chef, etc. Solid understanding and hands-on experience with key technologies and services offered in AWS (EC2, S3, IAM, ECS, EKS, RDS, SQS, Lamda@Edge, API Gateway, CDN, Route 53, etc.). Experience configuring and monitoring AWS Security artifacts such as WAF, ALB/ELB, Guard Duty, SSM, Config, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, Inspector, Detective among others. Hands-on experience with container technologies, like Docker runtime and Kubernetes orchestration and experience in building systems in a microservice environment. Strong networking knowledge in either cloud or on-prem deployments and experience with designing networks utilizing load balancers and proxies such as nginx, Apache, HAProxy etc. Scripting experience in both Windows and Linux environments with languages like Python, Powershell, and Bash. Experience with logging, monitoring, and alerting tools such as NewRelic, ELK, Zabbix, Grafana, etc. Hands-on production-level experience with Kubernetes / EKS (Service Mesh/Istio a bonus). Strong Windows and Linux system administration and troubleshooting skills, including solid knowledge of how the various components work (kernel, CPU, memory, disk, network). Hands-on experience with both relational and non-relational database systems (MS SQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, etc). Experienced working with GitHub and Github actions. Understanding the basic building blocks of resilient and scalable software. Collaboration is in your DNA. You enjoy contributing to a mutual cause, that is why you know when the team succeeds, you succeed. You take an Ops-centric approach to everything you build, ensuring availability, performance, reliability, scalability, observability, and security are core components. You are eager to challenge the status quo and willing to continuously push the boundaries. You are a proactive problem solver. You are irked by an unreliable infrastructure and your first instinct is to find ways to fix it. You have a track record of making things better and leading solutions that remove technical pain points and facilitate growth. 
ScrapedJobID31:
Champion “Production Quality” and create cutting-edge cloud infrastructure. Partner with product development teams in order to provide domain expertise around infrastructure design, security, and observability. Enhance our Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) practice by automating manual business and operational processes. Drive technical innovation and efficiency in infrastructure operations via automation and orchestration. Manage, improve, and monitor cloud infrastructure on Amazon servicing clients from around the world. Develop, maintain, and enforce SLI/SLO to ensure service and infrastructure availability. Continuously evaluate and tune the monitoring and alerting to enable proactive incident management. Ensure SOP and infrastructure security are in compliance with ISO 27K / SOC. Research new technologies and incorporate them into our service as necessary. Contributing to the creation of standards, policies, and other technology guidelines. 2+ years of experience working in an Infrastructure-as-Code environment using configuration management tools such as Ansible, Terraform, CloudFormation, Chef, etc. Solid understanding and hands-on experience with key technologies and services offered in AWS (EC2, S3, IAM, ECS, EKS, RDS, SQS, Lamda@Edge, API Gateway, CDN, Route 53, etc.). Experience configuring and monitoring AWS Security artifacts such as WAF, ALB/ELB, Guard Duty, SSM, Config, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, Inspector, Detective among others. Hands-on experience with container technologies, like Docker runtime and Kubernetes orchestration and experience in building systems in a microservice environment. Strong networking knowledge in either cloud or on-prem deployments and experience with designing networks utilizing load balancers and proxies such as nginx, Apache, HAProxy etc. Scripting experience in both Windows and Linux environments with languages like Python, Powershell, and Bash. Experience with logging, monitoring, and alerting tools such as NewRelic, ELK, Zabbix, Grafana, etc. Hands-on production-level experience with Kubernetes / EKS (Service Mesh/Istio a bonus). Strong Windows and Linux system administration and troubleshooting skills, including solid knowledge of how the various components work (kernel, CPU, memory, disk, network). Hands-on experience with both relational and non-relational database systems (MS SQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, etc). Experienced working with GitHub and Github actions. Understanding the basic building blocks of resilient and scalable software. Collaboration is in your DNA. You enjoy contributing to a mutual cause, that is why you know when the team succeeds, you succeed. You take an Ops-centric approach to everything you build, ensuring availability, performance, reliability, scalability, observability, and security are core components. You are eager to challenge the status quo and willing to continuously push the boundaries. You are a proactive problem solver. You are irked by an unreliable infrastructure and your first instinct is to find ways to fix it. You have a track record of making things better and leading solutions that remove technical pain points and facilitate growth. 
ScrapedJobID32:
Migrate and maintain existing VMWare-based on-premises infrastructure into Microsoft Azure Cloud environments. This includes efforts in designing and implementing network & security, governance, disaster recovery, data backup, cloud storage and more in the Microsoft Azure platform for the R&D department. Work with the DevOps Engineer on implementing Site Reliability Engineering practices to design, drive and develop tools, automation, CI/CD pipeline to operationalize new R&D software development processes. Work with R&D teams to transform legacy technology stack to allow to be more cloud-native. Participate in evaluating new technologies and architectures with R&D for Cayenta’s next generation of cloud-native applications. The role will cross organizational boundaries to ensure high collaborative efforts and deliverable goals are met – you may be embedded in R&D and Operational teams to help deliver solutions for Cloud services – e.g. operationalizing new cloud services which require collaboration between R&D, Support and Operations. Participate in designing migration project plans to take Cayenta on-premises customers to Cayenta Cloud. 3+ years of hands-on Cloud experience Microsoft Certifications: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104), Azure Solutions Architect Expert (AZ-303 & AZ-304), Azure Security Engineer (AZ-500) Scripting and automation (Python, Powershell, Shell, Azure CLI, etc) Terraform and Ansible (or similar) Kubernetes and Docker CI/CD tools and processes (Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD, etc) Monitoring tools like Prometheus, Datadog, Dynatrace, and other CNCF tools Log streaming experience with logstash, fluentbit to Elastic/Kibana, Datadog System administration of Windows and Linux operating systems Web servers (Tomcat and NGINX) and database concepts (MS SQL Server and Oracle) Networking and security Virtualization Microsoft DevOps Engineer Expert certification (AZ-400) Experience with CIS or ERP applications Experience with SOA or microservices architectures 
ScrapedJobID33:
Strong interpersonal and communication skills to be a part of and support cross-functional teams, as well as the ability to speak to all levels of the company. Strong technical documentation, process documentation, and design skills, ability to provide instruction on new workflows to cross-functional team members. Strong troubleshooting skills to be able to quickly analyze and resolve problems associated with banking service interruptions and focus on an immediate return to service to maintain a high-level end-user experience. Exceptional time management and organizational skills with attention to detail Highly motivated and self-driven, capable of working with little instruction to resolve demanding tasks, with tight deadlines, as well as work with internal teams. Having a team player attitude with enthusiasm to engage in and support organizational activities. Experience using CI/CD software including Jenkins, CodeBuild, or Bamboo Experience with DevOps tools including Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Kubernetes, Docker, and Git Strong knowledge and experience with Amazon ECS & EKS Strong knowledge of Amazon Web Services Architecture, System and Security Operations (Designing, building, deploying, testing) Working experience with AWS technologies, including EC2, S3, VPC, and lambda. Working experience with automated AWS deployments using CloudFormation or Terraform Working knowledge of Microsoft Infrastructure services including AD, DNS, SCCM, and PKI Ability to script with modern languages including PowerShell, Bash, or Python Proficient with Bimodal (agile and waterfall) IT service delivery methodologies 
ScrapedJobID34:
Maintain system software to latest versions and patch release levels Proactively monitor environment utilizing best practices Learn other technologies as necessary to develop/support other application platforms as necessary. Perform Unix server and application instance management Knowledge Java / Tomcat and Apache Knowledge of databases including Microsoft SQL Maintain operational, configuration and other procedures. Puppet/Chef development and support along with other automation tools like Bamboo, Jenkins, etc. Perform application release deployments and provided continuous process improvement for application releases Expand knowledge of programming techniques and databases Evaluate and recommend third party products to address current requirements Work to continually to develop and improve processes, methodologies and approaches 24/7 On-Call support on a rotational basis Extensive Unix administration experience Experience with Unix OS system build and configuration managers such as Puppet, Chef, and Vagrant Apache Tomcat experience Shell and Python scripting experience Operational experience supporting MS SQL Support of file systems and database files. Experience with orchestration and teaming in a DevOps culture Strong analytical and problem solving skills Windows servers Amazon Web Services (AWS) Experience with cloud delivered operations. Ability to learn software and hardware tools where necessary Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and good multi-tasking skills a must. Good verbal and written communication skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to learn software and hardware tools Ability to perform systems analysis and design and provide written specifications Ability to consistently meet deadlines and work under pressure. Exceptional multi-tasking skills. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Science or related fields Must have 3+ years related work experience including activities such as user management, security management, OS installation and patching and system monitoring; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Must be detailed and process orientated. 
ScrapedJobID35:
Highly competitive salary Attractive vacation, healthcare & benefits, including generous RRSP matching (Canada) and 401k (US) ‘People-first’ culture that prioritizes fun Autonomy and freedom to do your best work on your own terms (you won’t find any micromanagers here!) Flexibility to work remotely State-of-the-art and centrally located offices (Victoria & Minneapolis) Remote work fund to create a successful home working setup Opportunities to work on interesting products High-end hardware and equipment — in the office and at home Opportunities to learn and grow through professional development support, funding, and mentorship Internal mobility; opportunity to work with various products and teams across the Redbrick portfolio of companies Monthly fitness reimbursements to support a healthy and active lifestyle Modern tech stacks (React, TypeScript, Python, Kubernetes) Opportunities to contribute to open-source communities Help to manage our virtualized cloud infrastructure in the Google Cloud stack: App Engine, Container Engine (Kubernetes), Compute Engine, Cloud Datastore, Cloud Storage, Cloud SQL and BigQuery. Assess and maintain the reliability and security of our platforms. Have joint ownership of our CI/CD automation, currently run by Jenkins and deploying mostly to Kubernetes and AppEngine. Have joint ownership of our monitoring systems, currently driven by Prometheus. Participate in an on-call rotation, assisting in post-mortem reviews and fixes. Think laterally and collaborate with other teams to work through tough challenges. Craft awesome solutions while taking the needs of multiple areas of the organization into account. Push back and voice your opinion if you think differently from the rest of the team. Work within the fast-paced, lean startup environment, knowing it means we ship early and often. Watch what you’ve made and help your teammates create awesome customer value. Experience with building and scaling complex application systems. A background in scripted provisioning/configuration management tools (think BASH, Ansible, Salt, Chef, Terraform and similar). Familiarity with Docker and container-based building, deployment, orchestration and service discovery. Building release pipelines using CI/CD tooling with Jenkins or other platforms. Experience with open source monitoring and logging, such as Prometheus, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana and Grafana. A solid understanding of Unix-like operating systems, Ubuntu/Debian in particular. Proven development ability; you’re confident with writing and testing robust scripts. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to clearly communicate with both technical and business team members. You build bulletproof and secure systems that others can depend on, but you also dabble with prototypes and experimental new solutions. You love improving the intelligence of various systems and environments through the implementation of sturdy and searchable monitoring and centralized logging. You always look for new things to learn and new ways to leverage your knowledge. You would take great pride in becoming a Subject Matter Expert people can trust. You have a passion for collaboration with software development teams to work towards the best solution to a need together. You automate everything! Literally. And you rarely (if ever) manually fix the same problem twice. 4+ years of experience at creating and managing large-scale applications in a cloud platform, with preferred experience with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Development experience is a plus. Ability to convincingly articulate complex analytical ideas in a simple way to a variety of key stakeholders from different functions. Experience working with people across different geographies, including remote management of people and deliverables. Bachelors or advanced degree in IT, computer science, engineering, business, design, human-computer interaction or related field or equivalent work experience. Strong leader, educator, and coaching skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Apply with your cover letter and resume and links to your GitHub or public repos. Take this opportunity to tell us your story and why you’d be a good fit for our team. Be sure to follow us on Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter, and Instagram for all that is happening at Leadpages and Redbrick! 
ScrapedJobID36:
Respond to Cloud incidents and provide expert troubleshooting and diagnostic input to help resolve issues, while also participating in follow-up work to continuously add stability to our platform. Build and support internal tooling that helps us grow our cloud offering Influence designs, architectures, standards, and methods for distributed systems for reliability, scalability, and serviceability. Collaborate with a world-class engineering team to propose Cloud services that solve recurring patterns our Cloud customers face. Bachelor’s degree in software engineering, computer science, computer engineering, or related technical field OR equivalent practical experience Experience related to a DevOps-based Cloud environment Experience within the Kubernetes platform and ecosystem Understanding of algorithms and data structures Troubleshooting and analytical skills Experience with Python OR Go Experience in relational database systems Excellent verbal and written interpersonal and team communication skills Ideally this position is in New York, Toronto, or London, but working remotely elsewhere on the US East Coast is an option. Top notch medical and dental coverage for you and your family 30 days of paid leave annually to help nurture work-life symbiosis Stock options Wellness stipend Pre-tax transportation and commuter benefits 6-month parental leave (or double salary to pay for your partner's unpaid leave) Free travel for any person accompanying a breastfeeding mother and her baby on a business trip A dependent care stipend up to $3,000 (USD) per month, per child, under the age of 21 for a maximum of $6,000 (USD) per month total Budget to attend conferences, train, and further your education $1,250 (CAD) one-time-use WFH stipend and $95 (CAD) monthly WFH stipend Relocation assistance 
ScrapedJobID37:
Monday to Friday Azure Cloud/O365: 5 years (required) Azure Migration Assessments: 4 years (required) Cloud / Azure (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID38:
Develop and maintain a cloud data warehouse storing and unifying corporate data assets; Build data pipelines to support data integration, analytics and activation requirements with first-party and third-party applications; Work closely with internal stakeholders to determine business, functional and technical requirements, and participate in the design, configuration, testing and deployment of cloud data solutions; Translate business requirements into well-architected solutions built on the corporate cloud platform; Engineer solutions to enable prototyping and productionizing of machine learning applications; Production of tangible deliverables such as requirements, specifications, design deliverables, status reports and project plans; Develop, test, and document work on custom development, integrations, and data migration components of cloud data implementations; Create, document and enforce data governance standards and procedures; Cloud engineering subject matter expert, playing a key role in building and enabling the corporate data roadmap as well as training, mentoring and supporting technical and functional team members. University or College degree in computer science (or equivalent); 3+ years of development experience building large scale data solutions; Experience with Snowflake, Azure or Google Cloud Platform; Experience with reporting schema designs including data modeling, denormalization, data warehousing, and data lakes; Demonstrated experience and knowledge of data warehouses, including relational and NoSQL databases, data modeling, ETL/ELT and data analytics tools; Hands-on experience deploying and running data pipelines and cloud workloads; Superior analytical and problem-solving abilities; Excellent troubleshooting skills; Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Bilingualism is required (English and French). A competitive benefits package (Full Time Employees Only); Paid Time Off ( Sick Time, Flex Days & Vacation (Full Time Employees Only)); Additional benefits include monthly bonus potential, opportunities for advancement and tuition reimbursement; 50% discount at all Reitmans (Canada) Limited brands (Penningtons, Reitmans & RW&CO.); Generous Employee Referral Policy. 
ScrapedJobID39:
Exploring new trends in the cloud enterprise identity security world Research cloud APIs, Hybrid configurations, open-source frameworks, and platforms Generating innovative ideas for new products and participating in internal think tank meetings Development of a functional proof of concepts and minimal valuable products on top of Kubernetes by using C#, Python, PowerShell Acting as SME for the relevant knowledge domain and point-of-contact for knowledge transfer and escalations in the area Transforming existing code to architectural diagrams STEM degree - Advantage 3-5 years of programming experience Knowledge of several programming languages Extensive experience with data structures and algorithms Solid understanding and hands-on experience with networking and cloud security protocols Practical experience with: Modern communication protocols such as REST, gRPC SQL and NoSQL databases PaaS and IaaS offerings Linux and Windows AWS, Azure, GCE Docker, Kubernetes Microsoft Graph API, AWS API Open-minded and innovative thinking 
ScrapedJobID40:
Deploy, automate, operate, and maintain infrastructure and services using code for a wide range of business and research applications with a focus on cost-effectiveness, availability, performance, security, and scalability. This includes but is not limited to services such as Auto-Scaling Groups, API Gateway, Load Balancers (ALB, ELB, NLB),Lambda, EC2, Cognito, Cloudwatch, S3, Lambda and RDS. Enthusiastic to implement Infrastructure as Code (IaC) principles in day-to-day work supporting cloud based infrastructure. Assist infrastructure team in delivering cloud capabilities for fit-for-purpose and socialize architecture recommendations with stakeholders. Resolve ad hoc requests from application developers as it relates to cloud architecture. Develop, maintain high-visibility infrastructure processes including continuous integration and continuous deployment with zero-downtime goals. Develop scripts and frameworks to drive efficiency in automation, monitoring and management of large-scale environments. Develop and improve production monitoring and management capabilities. This includes Integration of AWS services with enterprise tooling that enable monitoring, alerting, and retention of critical event information. Collaborate with engineering and business teams to understand requirements and translate them into technical solutions. Act as a "first responder" to meet performance and uptime goals in collaboration with AWS support, Infrastructure/SRE teams and other technology partners. Bachelor/Masters degree in one of the related fields (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering) or equivalent work-related experience 5+ years of experience in cloud infrastructure development, operations, and security Expertise with bash scripting, high level programming languages like Python and automation tools such as Terraform, Ansible or similar. Experienced with EKS and container technologies. Demonstrated ability to write high-quality, production-ready code (readable, well-tested, with well-designed APIs) Experienced with code pipeline, data structures, complexity analysis and software design. Core understanding of DevOps technologies is a plus 3 plus years’ experience with agile framework and best practices Strong interpersonal, verbal communication and influencing skills: can influence without authority and has proven experience building and cultivating relationships with key partners and stakeholders, both internally and externally. Excellent communication, advanced English reading, writing, listening and speaking skills. Monday to Friday cloud infrastructure development, operations, and security: 5 years (preferred) high level programming languages: 5 years (preferred) bash scripting: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID41:
Working with engineering teams on a wide variety of projects such as large scale migrations Writing infrastructure as code (CloudFormation, Terraform) Utilizing CI/CD pipelines, configuration management, containerization, etc. to develop the most successful methods for project completion. Linux/Windows administration, automated deployments, scripting (Bash/PowerShell/Python) Proficient in networking and network security Solid understanding of the overall AWS Cloud infrastructure (EC2, RDS, S3, VPC, CloudFormation etc.) You are comfortable interacting with customers and have the ability to communicate and educate Continuous Integration/Deployment: Git, TFS, Jenkins etc. Experience in using Infrastructure as Code (IaC) such as Terraform Knowledgeable of configuration management frameworks such as Puppet, Chef or Ansible Experience with data at scale, MySQL, MSSQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Mongo, ElasticSearchSome Experience with any of the following C#, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go Service architecture and containerization, such as Docker, Kubernetes Knowledgeable about HIPAA, PCI and other security frameworks and standards Solid understanding of AWS infrastructure AWS Certifications 
ScrapedJobID42:
Implement the Shift-Left Strategy to provide more and useful feedback to our developers on their work Work with our developers to write robust automation pipelines to enable faster development and delivery to our customers Support the other Cloud Engineers as they work with you to further the automation frameworks for our existing and future products Continue to evolve the automation platform at Achievers, leveraging industry tools maintaining a focus on quality, scalability, and flexibility Work collaboratively with Engineering and Product teams to implement the technical and business requirements of the automation platform Maintain ownership of the automation platform by monitoring production incidents and escaped defects Be curious and inquisitive about everything Provide and accept feedback to/from other teams Use the right tool for the job; we love modern technology. If the right tool does not exist, design and build the tool, integrating disparate tools into a cohesive platform takes creativity and a resourceful approach to problem solving Innovate by participating in hackathons or creating your own repos to push initiatives important to you and your team. Minimum Bachelors in Computer Science or related field. 3-5 years automated software delivery pipeline experience. Hands-on experience in developing and maintaining automation frameworks like Jenkins, Drone CI, GitHub, JIRA, Nexus, Artifactory, ArgoCD. Hands-on experience working with and deploying containers and microservices. Hands-on experience working with cloud technologies like GCP or AWS. Hands-on experience developing software with GO and Python. Solid understanding of Terraform and Kubernetes Solid understanding of software development processes and methodologies. Willingness to learn new emerging technologies and get your hands dirty. 
ScrapedJobID43:
Managing cloud and virtualization environments in accordance with company security guidelines. Responsible for debugging technical issues inside a complex stack involving virtualization, containers, microservices, etc. Proactive analysis with the ability to see and solve issues before they affect business productivity Develop and implement technical efforts to design, build, and deploy cloud platform infrastructure at the direction of lead architects. Responsible for generating scripts and templates required for the automatic provisioning of resources. Contribute to the development and the growth of our Manage Service practice. Professional Services through a participation in events in this field, in the development of business and in the development of our capabilities and solutions Serve as a Subject Matter Advisor within Infrastructure, providing thought leadership, insights, and helping to develop Cloud Services. Monitor changes or advancements in Cloud Services and cloud technologies to explore new ways Fujitsu can extend competitive advantage and drive growth Contribute to analysis of the costs, the value and the risks of new systems and technology, and provide sound, cost-effective recommendations to the managers to create, manage and augment Professional Services portfolio Coordinate, manage, and lead technical support for vSphere environments (maintenance, upgrades, hardware). Work closely with other VMware engineers/technicians to troubleshoot and resolve complex problems Install, manage VMware virtualization environment components (vSphere, vROPS, ESXi, vSAN, iSCSI) Workload migrations using VMware native features (Vmotion/SVmotion/DRS/DRS Rules) Support Disaster Recovery operations with Site Recovery Manager. Support Dell VxRail Hyperconvered Infrastructure Software and Appliances. Configure systems for optimal client support and scheduled downtime plans. Review, backup, and update systems regularly, documenting changes and system operation. Ensure virtualization systems are compliant within required security standards and secure environments by monitoring access and enforcing policies. Create and maintain documentation as necessary for operational and security audits. Produce operational and procedure documentation and provide detailed knowledge transfer to peers on VMware installed products Monitor system performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages and scheduling upgrades. On-call rotation responsibilities for client support (24x7) Certification: relevant cloud certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect or AWS Cloud Practitioner. VMware VPC required and VxRail certification highly desired. Education: Minimum of Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, or Engineering, or in other related technical field. In addition to educational qualification, candidate should possess at least 3-5years IT experience with cloud operations and systems administration Knowledge: Hands on technical skills and relevant experience in areas: Public cloud delivery know-how with AWS and/or Azure. Virtualization Vmware Hypervisor Management. Experience crafting solutions for the server-side of scalable cloud software applications and platforms, skills to architect a highly distributed cloud system and respond to operational issues. Experience with cloud assessment and migration using relevant tools Device 42, Azure Migrate. Familiar with ITAR security requirements. Experience deploying, managing and maintaining VMware ESXi 5.x to 7.x environments utilizing enterprise storage systems (SAN and NAS). Experience with Windows Server 2008 R2 and newer and recent versions of LINUX and maintaining VMware Tools. Experience with backup systems running through the vCenter. Good understanding of Networking (Layers 1, 2 & 3) and Firewalls and experience troubleshooting communication issues. Nice to have skills: Familiarity with containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes, OpenStack, Linux, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, DevOps, NoSQL etc.. Collaborative skills: Experience working in collaborative environments and high performance teams, cross-functional teams (Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, Designers, and Business Analysts). Communication skills: Ability to interact with senior management as well as technical staff. Exceptional verbal, presentation, and written communications skills to convey information clearly to the different audience Open to learning: Willingness to learn and work with new and emerging technologies. Capability to create efficiencies through automation and improved practice Experience working in a dynamic environment that requires fast execution of tasks. Great personal and professional integrity, and adherence to very high ethical standards. 
ScrapedJobID44:
Building performant and scalable SaaS solutions and the tools to maintain them Offering ideas and suggestions to the improvement of the development tool set, technical direction, and software architecture Identifying, triaging, and resolving system issues Researching changes in technologies, development environments, and tools Enabling and extending complex system monitoring Updating configuration management and deployments Collaborating with, mentoring, and advising software engineers and the product team Supporting on call after hours in rotation with other members of the team Experience as a Site Reliability Engineer and/or System Administrator and/or DevOps Engineer for Highly Available SaaS solutions processing web traffic Knowledge of TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, TLS, and SMTP Experience building complex monitoring solutions to support identification of issues with high availability web services Able to investigate and resolve issues with Linux performance and network latency/reachability Experience with Ansible, Terraform, or other configuration management and infrastructure as code software Programming experience in Go or another language. Our SRE code is mostly Ansible and Terraform, but we also have a small amount of Go and Perl. We're happy to hear from you if more familiar with other programming languages or configuration management software too Significant experience with Linux systems Experience with version control, preferably Git Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with logical and repeatable debugging and problem solving approaches Ready to learn new things Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to communicate clearly with partners and end users Able to work with a geographically distributed team Experience managing PostgreSQL, including streaming replication and backups Experience with Google Cloud or another major cloud provider Experience doing security audits, security compliance, or penetration testing Experience with HAProxy configuration, Docker, Kubernetes, or other container tools, ELK/Elastic Stack, Cloudflare, Systemd configuration, Open source technologies Experience with emerging cloud platforms and infrastructure tools Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID45:

ScrapedJobID46:
Extended health care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday AWS: 7 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID47:
8 hour shift DevOps Engineer: 1 year (required) Machine Learning: 1 year (required) AWS/ GCP/ Azure: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID48:
Design, develop and iterate on backend services that handle millions of requests per day Develop and maintain platform components that enable our core product features Collaborate with engineering leaders to determine how to reliably scale backend systems Use a hands on approach to research, measure and improve application performance Work with infrastructure engineers to collaboratively plan and maintain tools that underpin our developer experience Work closely with leadership to identify and solve architectural and technological challenges Profit-sharing, distributed quarterly Frequent promotions 3 weeks vacation and paid sick days Happy Hour every Friday Extended health benefits Continued education allowance Annual fitness allowance Work from anywhere in the world Join a bootstrapped, product-focused, & customer-oriented team You have several years of experience with PHP 7+ You have experience with modern cloud storage solutions such as BigQuery You are focused around quality and supporting others to maintain a high standard You have an understanding of system design and can quickly scope out projects You are comfortable around modern infrastructure tooling and understand how infrastructure relates to software development You learn fast and are eager to experiment, research and test new technologies to validate how they can be used to fulfill company goals 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID49:
Participate to the technical aspects of the software solution through the full life cycle of the project including requirements, design, implementation, cyber security, testing and maintenance Share the ownership of web micro-services Write Java code and unit tests to implement the solution Conduct design and code reviews to ensure high quality end products. Advocating and adhering to the software development's best practices. Collaborate with the DevOps team to deploy production loads to public clouds Take initiative in discovering existing and new challenges pertaining to development environment, seeking to improve, resolve, and streamline tools and processes to meet delivery challenges Ability to analyze and solve complex problems quickly and creatively, while considering the automotive customer's perspective and business impacts in the proposed solutions An insatiable desire to learn new technologies and solid coaching/mentoring skills to help others learn quickly and efficiently Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent with professional background Minimum years of work experience: 1-2 years of experience or some relevant work experience in web backend development Experience with Java 8 or above and its advanced concepts Experience in O-O design (e.g. UML, SysML) and its design patterns Knowledge of web back-end framework, open-standard format and protocols e.g. Spring Boot, Jason, http, RESTful, gRPC, WebSocket Testing knowledge e.g. JUnit, Unity, JMeter, Mockito, Google Mock Familiarity with micro-services 12 factors and its "container ecosystem" e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Helm Experience with a variety of computing platforms: Windows and Linux Demonstrated ability to focus on and complete tasks on time Show flexibility under changing conditions Ability to work with resources in different time-zones Excellent oral and written English communication skills Good knowledge IntelliJ or Eclipse IDE Good knowledge of the Agile process and JIRA Knowledge of Object-C or Kotlin is an asset Full stack experience with some frontend knowledge such as iOS Frameworks or Android Studio, Swift, Cocoa Touch Knowledge of cloud monitoring tools e.g. Grafana, Kibana, Prometheus, ELK, Sensu Knowledge of configuration management and build processes e.g. Jenkins, GIT, Maven, Gradle Knowledge of continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD) practices e.g. pipeline and artifactory Experience with writing multi-modular scripts e.g. Bash, Python, Ruby, Perl, PowerShell Practical knowledge of relational and non-relational databases e.g. PostgreSQL, Oracle, Cassandra, Hadoop, Couchbase, CosmosDB, Redis. Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID50:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID51:
Category: Technical Type: Full Time Reports to: VP of Operations Posting date: February 23, 2021 Planning Customer Focus Problem Solving Results Orientation Strategic Thinking Communication Adaptation Implement and modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Provide advanced level hardware, software and systems support for the various nurses, doctors and specialists using Timeless Medical’s applications around the globe. Assist with the configuration of computerized physician order entry Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously Implement software according to internal and industry best practices Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry One year of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Extended periods of sitting Overtime as required Operation of desktop computer and peripherals Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions 
ScrapedJobID52:
Build and own the Data science platform solution in Azure. Understand the business ask and convert it into technical requirements. Design the solution in collaboration with CTC architects and vendor consultants. Review the solution with the architecture board and get alignment. Configure the solution in sandbox and automate infrastructure as code. Use automation to validate compliance with corporate policies and standards Create and maintain technical documentation Contribute to the build of cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Contribute to the design of new Azure services and incorporate them into existing solution. Mentor and coach others in cloud and DevOps tools and practices Communicate timelines, dependencies, constraints, and progress quickly and effectively Creative and courageous, with the ability to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity Action oriented, and comfortable taking calculated risks to better serve our customers and business Outcome focused, critical thinkers with the ability to analyze and visualize, to ensure continuous improvement across our entire business Have a growth mindset, eager to learn new service and bring them to market If you're curious, ready to take on new challenges and open to doing things differently to help us evolve rapidly, then this is definitely the place to be. Degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent relevant experience 5+ years of technical experience in Azure full-stack implementations Demonstrated experience in building Machine learning solution in the cloud and MLOps Experience with ML tools like Databricks, AML, Snowflake, PowerApps, PowerAutomate, ADO. Azure Certification is essential. Expert in developing infrastructure as code (Terraform, ARM templates, etc) Expert networking fundamentals including VNETs, subnetting, NSGs, routing, firewalls, DNS Experience with container technologies including Docker and Kubernetes Excellent analytics, problem solving and solutioning skills 
ScrapedJobID53:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with software development in Kubernetes and one of the following: Go, Java, C++, or Python. Experience working with open source communities and tools. Experience in developer tools, api design, or other developer experience focused areas. Experience working with third party developer tools (e.g., documentation, APIs, software development kits, client libraries). Experience participating in online platforms (e.g., open source platforms). Experience with relational database technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL, or SQL Server). Experience designing or improving large scale systems, fundamentals at scale (performance, security, reliability, etc.). Experience collaborating with cross-functional partners with the ability to collaborate effectively across organizational boundaries. Partner with product managers, engineering teams, technical writers, and customers to understand and improve the Cloud SQL developer experience. Contribute to maintenance and evolution of the Cloud SQL connectors and write samples to demonstrate their capabilities. 
ScrapedJobID54:
Experience in Serverless (Lambda or Azure Function) architecture using either Python or Node JS Experience using some of the following tools: AWS Code Commit, Cloud Formation, Terraform, CodeDeploy, Ansible (must) Deep understanding and working experience in AWS account creation and best practices. Good understanding of Cloud Networking VPC, security groups, HA/DR, ALB vs ELB, CDN Working experience in containers and container orchestration (K8s) * Strong understanding and hands on experiencing in designing account structure on cloud In-depth knowledge and solid experience designing, deploying and operating cloud network infrastructure including: Direct Connect/Express Route, cloud Ingress and egress, VPC, Routing, Transit Gateways, virtual hubs, private links, Route 53, CloudFront, ALB, subnets, SaaS Integration etc. Strong programming knowledge in Python, NodeJS and PowerShell Solid knowledge of Cloud Identity and Access Management; identity federation and effective and secure IAM policy design Deep understanding of infrastructure as code using AWS Cloud Formation, CFN Stack Sets, CDK Hands on experience with CI/CD technologies -AWS Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Bit bucket In-depth knowledge of Cloud Security practices and native cloud security toolsets and the experience of designing and embedding automated security practices Experience developing Guardrails for use of cloud services and developing security linting rules for cloud pipeline integration Experience in architect, design and implement platform patterns and shared services on cloud platforms Experience and hands on knowledge on documenting solution designs and reference documentations Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skill sets Certifications: Certified Solutions Architect, Certified Security Engineer, Certified Advanced Networking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday AWS Cloud: 6 years (required) Python: 4 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID55:

ScrapedJobID56:
Has the ability to elicit and communicate technical and non-technical information in a clear and concise manner. Has the knowledge of the design, development and application of technology and systems to meet business needs. Understands system performance monitoring and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance. Has ability to creatively solve a diverse of complex technical range of problems Responsible for designing efficient Lambda Functions and/or internal DevOps Tools Design, build, and optimize automation systems that operate web and cloud-based platforms Develop solutions to support delivery of software with great speed, security, reliability, and quality Write scalable, testable, well-documented code Research, onboard, and contract negotiations of appropriate technology tools and services Collaborate with developers on software requirements Work with Data Analytics team to implement scalable integrations Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostics tests Managing the installation and configuration of various solutions Mentoring DevOps Engineers on proper coding techniques 5+ years experience in any of the following, Backend Developer, SRE, Full Stack Developer Strong experience using Linux/Unix Distributions like Ubuntu, CentOS, Red Hat, Debian 5+ years of experience with Python, PHP and JavaScript (a framework in each language would be ideal) Significant experience with public cloud technologies like AWS/GCP/Azure Experience working with internal and external development teams Expert using text editors, especially VIM, VS Code Experience in backend development and data engineering Solid understanding of relevant networking concepts like DNS, Reverse Proxies, CDNs, Domains etc.. Experience with modern backend languages, technologies, coding, testing, debugging, and automation techniques Exceptional understanding of how the web works (HTTP, CORS, Headers, etc) Experience configuring containers for development and production environments (Docker/Kubernetes) Knowledge of Data Warehouse technologies like Snowflake/Redshift/Big Query Solid experience building serverless applications using AWS Lambda/Google Cloud Functions Experience in managing and automating large-scale infrastructure An understanding of Distributed Systems and Scalable Architectures Ability to install and configure software, gather test-stage data and perform debugging Experience with orchestration tools such as Jenkins/Travis Strong programming and analytical experience with a variety of automation tools Ability to be quick on your feet and troubleshoot issues 
ScrapedJobID57:
Develop cloud-native components with Java, Python, or Ansible. Take part in evolving CI/CD. Be proficient at system thinking, anticipating side effects, and effective use of strategies to provide workarounds to reduce the severity of incidents by employing a first responder mentality. Document all reported issues, build recipes for actions performed in response to issues and maintain the records for compliance reasons. Work with various tools and technologies such as Kubernetes, Service Mesh, containers, docker-compose, scaling REST services, SSO via SAML/OIDC, OSI Networking layers, Network Isolation strategies, web-security, and DBMS management. Bachelor’s Degree or Associate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Network Engineering, or any other related field with relevant industry experience. Strong problem-solving skills, ability to apply innovative approaches to problem-solving as well as proficient in system thinking and anticipating side effects. A Self-starter and productive with minimal supervision and take ownership of your products and projects. Clear and efficient communication skills (English is required, French is an asset). An attitude of willingness/eagerness to learn is essential. Experience and desire to automate repetitive tasks. Experience with monitoring cloud systems. Experience with Cloud technologies and public cloud vendors such as AWS, Azure. 
ScrapedJobID58:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID59:
Design, develop, and lead features with high quality Rapidly ideate and prototype proof-of-concepts Assess new technologies, tools, and infrastructure to stay on the forefront of innovation Collaborate with teams both, locally and globally Embrace lean and agile software development principles Degree in Computer Science or related field 2-3 years of professional development experience Experience with Web UI development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript/TypeScript/jQuery) Experience with JavaScript framework (Angular/Node.js/react/redux) Strong sense of drive, urgency, and ownership 
ScrapedJobID60:

ScrapedJobID61:
High expertise in full stack technologies including Javascript, Angular, and Node.js. Prior experience working with web service APIs and client libraries Demonstrated experience in designing easy-to-use browser-based applications Expert in web browser portability Excellent understanding of security threats ranging from npm supply chain to cross-site scripting attacks Enjoy working on and debugging applications running in Kubernetes and public clouds Obsessive interest in testing and software reliability Independent self-starter with ability to pick up new technical skills quickly Comfortable working in a distributed team following open source dev practices Work from Anywhere, Anytime: We are not your typical nine-to-five shop! Enjoy the flexibility of working from literally wherever and whenever. Create a schedule that works for you and your family or lifestyle. Recharge your batteries with our open vacation policies Cultural Diversity: We love that we get to work with passionate people from around the world. Currently, our team is made of professionals from 12 different countries! Career Development: We provide opportunities to learn new technologies as well as try out new roles. We also offer access to training on leading-edge technologies, plus flexible work schedules for external education. USA Employees Benefits: We offer comprehensive PPO health care plans for our US-based employees that are incredibly flexible to meet the needs of individuals or families. 401K with company match also available. Company Travel: We come together in person two to three times per year in locations across the globe. During non-pandemic times, of course! We also fund travel to conferences and encourage presentations as well as contributions in open source communities. Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have LinkedIn and GitHub profiles? Please share the links if you do Angular: 2 years (preferred) Node.js: 2 years (preferred) Kubernetes: 1 year (preferred) JavaScript: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID62:
Act as the trusted technical advisor for the clients to resolve complex AWS Infrastructure and DevOps challenges Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities Ability to travel 30% of the time as required AWS DevOps Professional certification, or equivalent experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, related technical field or equivalent practical experience Experience in writing software in one or more languages, such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++ or similar Experience using cloud platform enablement technologies tools such as Terraform and CloudFormation Experience maintaining internet facing production-grade applications in virtualized environments (cloud computing platforms and services) Experience with containerization, artifact repository, and orchestration technologies (such as Docker, Helm, Kubernetes, Mesos) Knowledge of containerization and container orchestration technologies such as Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) and Kubernetes is a must Experience managing internal or client-facing projects, troubleshooting clients' technical issues and working with engineering, sales and services teams and customers In-depth experience with the major cloud providers Experience with scalable networking technologies such as Load Balancers/Firewalls and web standards (REST APIs, web security mechanisms) Experience automating infrastructure provisioning, DevOps, and/or continuous integration/delivery Familiarity with standard IT security practices such as identity and access management, data protection, encryption, certificate, and key management Hands-on experience with deployment technologies (such as Puppet, Chef, Salt, Ansible) Understanding of open-source server software (such as NGINX, RabbitMQ, Redis, Elasticsearch) Familiarity with IT security best practices such as encryption, certificates, and key management Consulting experience with migrations from on-prem or GCP/Azure to AWS Strong problem-solving and communication skills to lead change and adoption of new technologies Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions 
ScrapedJobID63:
Customer satisfaction Subject Matter Expert Personal Development Be Easy to Work With Knowledge Base Contribution Autonomy - Makes judgements and decisions within a broadly defined approach and with minimal supervision. Can analyse a wide range of situations and resolve them in creative ways, demonstrating good judgement. Collaboration - Challenges, supports and guides peers; develops network with senior internal and external personnel. Leadership - May lead sprints or small projects within areas of specialism. Incident management - Adopts incident commander role for typical incidents, demonstrates key skills, escalates when necessary and in accordance with agreed procedures. Customer focus - Participates in customer discussions at all phases of the customer journey, and is able to translate customer requirements into engineering solutions. Diagnosis and troubleshooting - Uses experience and a deep understanding of problem domain to identify and resolve a wide range of issues. Cloud - Understands how fundamental computing concepts (compute, data, networking, access, etc) translate into cloud platform services, and is able to work effectively with them. Systems engineering track - machine fundamentals, operating systems, networking, distributed systems, scripting (level D). Software engineering track - algorithms & data structures, languages, coding, runtimes, software system design, APIs (level D). Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That’s why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs , and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing . We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working . We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority! Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community Opportunity for growth & development . Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We’re multi-cloud and proud! An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you’re on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you’re an integral part of the team and we’ll make sure you know what’s up Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded 
ScrapedJobID64:
Passionate about our core values (communications, sustainability, inclusion, impact, and innovation) Collaborative, and eager to learn from others and help those around you Excited about the opportunity to support a rapidly expanding software development organization who are developing software that meaningfully improves renewable energy management Motivated to work in an environment where everyone is focused on creating value for our customers Customer-focused individual who is comfortable communicating with stakeholders on all levels Establish, maintain and troubleshoot connections to client networks and data sources Develop and implement systems improvements Communicate with clients and their IT teams Improve and update connection documentation Basic knowledge of cloud computing (AWS/GCP/Azure) Good understanding of TCP/UDP Knowledge of IPsec and OpenVPN Basic knowledge of SQL databases Basic knowledge of FTP and SFTP Attention to detail Capability to think logically when solving complex challenges Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing at all levels, including customers Programming experience/automation tooling Opportunity to work in an inclusive and diverse workplace Be part of a team that are focused on reducing our impact on the environment A chance to grow your skills and career alongside a supportive team of individuals who are focused on mentorship and growth A comprehensive benefits plan (medical and dental) for Canadian employees Bike2Work benefits for UK employees Professional development benefits A flexible schedule that works with your life Remote work-friendly 
ScrapedJobID65:
Cloud Application Engineer Experience with developing API ,Lambda Experience with SaaS integration Monday to Friday AWS cloud: 4 years (required) API, Lambda, SaaS Integration: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID66:
You will be responsible for deployment and release of customer software on the Unit4 cloud platform; You will cooperate with Product Owners in definition of operational requirements and with Software Developers in creation and deployment of secure, stable and reliable solutions; You will help automate and streamline processes of software deployment and configuration management with support of scripting tools (i.e. PowerShell and JSON); You will be responsible for configuration management and infrastructure provisioning, performance and security monitoring of customer software and infrastructure; You will work in close interaction with Customer Support team in customer issues analysis, prioritization and resolution. You have a Bachelor or Masters degree in information technology or any other relevant area; You have +2 years’ experience in deployment of software applications and IT operations; Experience on automation and scripting languages (such as PowerShell), MS SQL and Windows operating systems; Knowledge of virtualization technologies, integration platforms (e.g. BizTalk, iCore) and configuration management is an advantage Experience in an customer-facing IT support capacity is an advantage; You are fluent in English. A culture built on trust. That’s why we offer our people an uncapped time off policy and remote working opportunities. We focus on results, not how many days you work or where that work takes place On-going learning & development opportunities and a chance to participate in our annual festival of learning Work, learn & be inspired by some of the best talent in the software space Talent program for high performers. Each year we provide a platform for high potential talent to accelerate their careers! Committed to corporate social responsibility with our Act4Good initiative, our global movement to do good, and a way for everyone at Unit4 to come together and engage in actions that benefit society Diversity4U. Helping our people thrive starts with a safe and inclusive work environment. We launched our Diversity4U program that builds on our “be genuine” value 
ScrapedJobID67:
Develop CI/CD principles Review and modify CI/CD principles, iteratively Maintain CI/CD tools/platforms (if applicable) Develop and maintain pipeline configurations Automate processes Script writing (languages are irrelevant) Ability to interpret and write source code (languages are irrelevant) Management of infrastructure assets (networks, servers, operating systems, DBs) Familiarity with software packing tools (.exe, .deb, .rpm, Docker) Familiarity with version control tools (Git, Subversion, Mercurial) Management of cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Familiarity with security/vulnerability tools Familiarity with code coverage analytical tools Familiarity with monitoring tools Honesty – Do what’s right, even if it’s tough Collaboration – Leverage our collective genius, be a team Transparency – Be real Accountability – Recognize that if it is to be, it’s up to me Passion – Show commitment in heart and mind Advocacy – Earn trust and business Quality – Ensure what we do, we do well Bonus pay Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Work from home Monday to Friday DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID68:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Devops: 7 years (required) PowerShell: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID69:
Design, build and improve on CI/CD pipelines to make them robust, performant and efficient Automate infrastructure as code using Terraform Build and operate a Kubernetes container platform in AWS Build tools and automation to power developer-friendly deployments Integrate observability, traffic management and service discovery for application containers using Istio service mesh Act as the subject matter expert for infrastructure and platform concerns including monitoring, logging, secrets management, security, configuration management, etc. Partner with developers on ways to minimize build, testing and release friction and optimize engineering efficiency Continually improve reliability and performance of all environments Participate in an on-call rotation to support the platform infrastructure Minimum 3 years of experience as an SRE/DevOps engineer working on AWS platform Working experience implementing, operating and optimizing CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins, CircleCI, Gitlab, CodeDeploy, etc.) Working experience in platform and configuration management frameworks (Ansible, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Chef, etc.) Knowledge of container orchestration frameworks (Kubernetes, ECS/Fargate, Docker Swarm, Mesos, etc.) Knowledge of Cloud Provider management AWS,GCP, Heroku. Working experience building APIs and writing Lambda functions Experience with instrumenting and monitoring production systems (Datadog, NewRelic, Collectd, Grafana, etc.) Strong coding and troubleshooting experience in any of the following languages: Python, Ruby or Go Solid understanding of Git including branching and merging strategies Thorough understanding of Unix/Linux and networking fundamentals Competitive salary Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Unlimited vacation Annual free credits and discounts to stay in Sonders A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues. Competitive compensation Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Exempt team members have paid time off. Non-exempt team members accrue paid time off. Annual free credits and discounts to stay in Sonders A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID70:
Provision, monitor and operate cloud services in a globally distributed team Analyze and solve operational issues, and respond to incidents Conduct root cause analysis and implement continuous improvements Partner with local product development team to design and enhance the services Create and improve automation for testing, deployment, scalability, management, and visibility of our services Currently registered in Computer Science or Engineering Applied programming skills and experience (JavaScript, C++, Java, C and SQL and/or in memory database) Critical thinker with a passion for engineering and service excellence Excellent communicator, both written and verbal Ability to multitask and handle various projects, deadlines and changing priorities Strong motivation to learn, teach and grow Experience in SQL and NoSQL databases and programing on them Knowledge of and experience with source control systems such as GIT, Subversion, Perforce, etc. Experiences with web services, networking and internet (DNS, TCP/IP, Apache, firewalling, Load Balancing, RESTful/OData Services, SAML SSO…) are preferred but not mandatory Looking for someone who can commit for 8 months internship starting January 2021 in our SAP Vancouver office location. 
ScrapedJobID71:
Salary: $100,000-150,000 Job Type: FT Remote: Yes Health and Mental Wellness Benefits Employee Health and Wellness Spending Account Annual Home Office Budget Annual Learning & Development Budget Team Recognition Budget Unlimited Vacation & Personal Leave (2 Weeks minimum) Company Laptop Amazing team to work with Learn our current processes and environments Work closely with our Technical Lead to develop a DevOps roadmap for the next 3/6/12 months Work with the development team to understand current pain points and find “quick wins” Meet with the Product Managers to understand the product roadmap Work with the QA Lead to understand how testing works and how it will be implemented as the team continues to scale Take over ownership of our AWS cloud infrastructure, including Kubernetes and Docker. Lead all DevOps projects Creating best practices of CI/CD Own all cloud infrastructure and work to improve security and throughput of development builds Set up and maintain CI/CD pipelines Have implemented tools to monitor software version control, application builds, infrastructure changes and deployments Have started automating operational processes and maintaining a backlog for future projects Improving our alert and monitoring tools Implement and manage necessary tooling and platforms for all aspects of IaC and CaC Continually provide technical guidance and best practices to the rest of the development team Be a team mentor to and work with junior team members to increase their knowledge of DevOps Design and implement automated infrastructure solutions and blueprints using Terraform Application: your profile will be reviewed within 72 hours, and you'll hear back from us no matter what (no ghosting!). We aim to respond to every applicant within five business days. Zoom Interview: a 30-minute call with Noah (Head of People) to discuss your background, Guusto, the role, and answer your questions about Guusto Take-Home Project: we ask all candidates to complete a take-home project that you will review with Felipe and Alan Panel Interview: a 60-minute call with Felipe (Tech Team Lead) and Alan (Sr Developer) to assess technical skills and ability. Final Interview: a 30-minute call with Skai (cofounder) to learn more about Guusto and discuss how this role will collaborate with Product and QA. Reference & Background Check: At this point, we will ask for some references to call and will send over a background check as part of our due diligence. Offer: Ideally, this is the part where we make the offer, you accept, and we all celebrate! 
ScrapedJobID72:
Implement features and bug fixes for automation services that Tasktop relies on to provide quality SaaS offerings. Contribute to the design of cross-cutting technical solutions that increase efficiency and reduce operational toil within the company. Provide comprehensive monitoring and actionable alerts to bring our SLOs to life. This includes our infrastructure and infrastructure we provide as a service to Product Development ensuring trustworthy alerts and relevant service quality feedback. Communicate ideas effectively to fellow team members and business stakeholders through technical assessments, scrum meetings, demos, incidents, etc. Ensure any incidents are leveraged as highly valuable learning opportunities by participating in a positive culture of learning through blameless retrospectives and providing effective remediation and improvements. Experience working with cloud infrastructure providers such as AWS or GCP. Experience operating infrastructure or applications subject to compliance such as PCI, SOC2, or HIPAA is highly desirable. Experience with container orchestration such as Kubernetes or containerization technologies such as Docker. Familiar with continuous integration/deployment tooling such as Jenkins, Travis CI, or Spinnaker. Familiar with infrastructure and Configuration Management tooling such as Terraform, Cloud Formation, Ansible, Chef or Puppet. Professional experience with scripting languages such as Python, Ruby, Perl, or Bash. Experience working with Linux OS such as Ubuntu or CentOS. 
ScrapedJobID73:
Operating within a DevOps environment, the ideal candidate will be responsible for authoring and implementing test cases and test automation from requirements for end-to-end (E2E) cloud-based solutions. Providing subject matter knowledge in solution level functional and non-functional automated testing. Demonstrating the ability to meet individual and team commitments in order to successfully meet customer expectations. Producing automated test reports in Jira/X-Ray for various types of automated non-functional tests such as scale, stability, abuse, limit, and performance tests. Validating new product features by working closely with development engineers in producing E2E test automation coverage Enhancing the efficiency, stability, and scalability of the product through test strategy and test automation Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent 1-3 years of professional experience in Automated Testing Development and/or Demonstrates actual working experiences in software development and automation testing best practices Experience with Python, Bash, JavaScript, Node.js, or Golang (Python and Node.js are a plus) Experience with Ansible based deployments Familiarity with automation test tools such as (K6, Tsung, VLE, FAWKS, pytest, locust.1O, etc.) Familiarity with software configuration management tools (GitHub), defect tracking tools (Jira), and peer review tools Familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes Familiarity with Database technologies such as Couchbase, MongoDB, DataStax(Cassandra), MemSQL, or MySQL. Familiarity with AWS Serverless technologies Strong team collaboration skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong problem-solving skills 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID74:
Primarily for support of AWS. AWS support, engineering and DevOps background is required Automation of builds, deployments, provisioning reducing manual efforts, always looking for continuous improvements Developing and managing CI/CD processes Supporting development teams in technical questions of continuous integration/continuous delivery and DevOps tools Monitoring and managing DevOps infrastructure and tools (Jenkins, Git, AZDO, SonarQube, Checkmarx, ELK etc) Able to research, architect and drive complex technical solutions, consisting of multiple technologies and cloud services. Experience operating and developing infrastructure(Terraform) and services in public cloud environments (preferably AWS) 3-5 years of experience in Build and Release software Strong knowledge of one or more scripting languages (Js, Python, PowerShell or Bash) Working experience in implementing CI/CD pipelines in public cloud (AWS is a plus) 
ScrapedJobID75:
Experience in Serverless (Lambda or Azure Function) architecture using either Python or Node JS Experience using some of the following tools: AWS Code Commit, Cloud Formation, Terraform, CodeDeploy, Ansible (must) Deep understanding and working experience in AWS account creation and best practices. Good understanding of Cloud Networking VPC, security groups, HA/DR, ALB vs ELB, CDN Working experience in containers and container orchestration (K8s) * Strong understanding and hands on experiencing in designing account structure on cloud In-depth knowledge and solid experience designing, deploying and operating cloud network infrastructure including: Direct Connect/Express Route, cloud Ingress and egress, VPC, Routing, Transit Gateways, virtual hubs, private links, Route 53, CloudFront, ALB, subnets, SaaS Integration etc. Strong programming knowledge in Python, NodeJS and PowerShell Solid knowledge of Cloud Identity and Access Management; identity federation and effective and secure IAM policy design Deep understanding of infrastructure as code using AWS Cloud Formation, CFN Stack Sets, CDK Hands on experience with CI/CD technologies -AWS Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Bit bucket In-depth knowledge of Cloud Security practices and native cloud security toolsets and the experience of designing and embedding automated security practices Experience developing Guardrails for use of cloud services and developing security linting rules for cloud pipeline integration Experience in architect, design and implement platform patterns and shared services on cloud platforms Experience and hands on knowledge on documenting solution designs and reference documentations Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skill sets Certifications: Certified Solutions Architect, Certified Security Engineer, Certified Advanced Networking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday AWS Cloud: 6 years (required) Python: 4 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID76:
Provides basic technical support on assigned materials for production or customer-identified material problems. Helps determine inspection criteria for incoming materials. Coordinates and performs component selection and qualification. Evaluates new equipment, coordinates software and hardware upgrades, sets equipment specifications and qualification tests and recommends new equipment. Acts as the focal point for all product-related technical issues. Interacts with customers to resolve problems and increase the quality and yield of the product. Will also provide feedback to other engineering groups and possibly the customer to ensure smooth production of products. Solves assigned technical product, process, component, or material problems affecting efficient manufacture of products within a specific area of responsibility in training or under direction/guidance of more experienced engineers. Engineering Foundation Competencies Create and maintain Product Structure, Work Order Cards, Standard Shop Procedures, SOS and Product Risk Analyses for development and mature products; Maintain product configuration by incorporating design changes into production documentation; Lead and support Lean activities in the Cell to support the Celestica Operating System Implementation. Develop Standard Operating Sheets, Standard Combination Sheets and product risk analyses. Implement Poke-Yoke to support the Quality system. As a technical focal point for the Cell, lead Root Cause and Corrective Action analyses, implement improvements to eliminate defects, improve product quality and yield; Lead Cost of poor quality and Cycle Time reduction activities in the Cell; Lead/Support in FAI process; Initiate and lead improvement activities in Assembly processes, material, and inventory Initiate Request for Material Review Action, provide disposition proposal, and implement Material Review Board recommendations; Analyze supplier-related defects, coordinate material return process, and improve suppliers’ performance through Supplier Corrective Action Request system, on-site training and mentoring; Assist in resolving supplier technical issues arising from deviation requests, design ambiguities, and manufacturability; Lead product return related investigations, implement preventive measures, propose product design and manufacturing process improvements to eliminate escapes; Provide design for special, custom-made tools and fixtures. Good organization skills. Ability to evaluate, diagnose and troubleshoot problems. Knowledge of materials and components used in the construction of systems and printed circuit boards and subassemblies. Knowledge of industry and quality standards for incoming materials. Ability to evaluate materials, gather and analyze data and determine root cause of problems. Ability to effectively communicate with a variety of internal and external customers. Duties of the position are performed in a manufacturing environment with frequent exposure to noise, dust, chemicals, operating machinery, temperature extremes, hazardous substances, etc. Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data. Repetitive manual movements (e.g., data entry, using a computer mouse, using a calculator, etc.) are frequently required. 1-2 years’ relevant engineering experience in Aerospace Electronics Manufacturing / Assembly Methods and Techniques. Bachelor’s degree in Industrial, Mechanical, Mechatronics, Electrical or Aerospace engineering - PEO eligible or equivalent or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 
ScrapedJobID77:
Transform ML Prototypes into working products that can be used by business units seamlessly. Work with business units to understand integration requirements to ensure models are delivered to meet business needs Productionalize models in our Azure cloud environment, while also maintaining high quality, reusable code Optimize ML models/code developed by Data scientists - for performance and scalability Ensure that all production models and jobs related to the model are working properly in terms of actual execution and scheduling Automate and abstract different repeatable routines that are present in most machine learning tasks Constantly seek performance improvements and decide which ML technologies will be used in production environment Provide support to Data Scientists to design, build, implement, and optimize ML solutions Bachelor’s in computer science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field Master’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field Azure Data science and ML certifications 1 or more years of experience with ML model operationalization 1 years of Machine learning experience, mathematical and statistical knowledge, Python, R, Spark 1 or more years of experience with Azure or any other cloud ML build and implementation Proficiency in R, Python, Spark ML Model building and deployment experience in Cloud Knowledge of scalable, distributed systems using Cloud Providers such as Microsoft Azure will be preferred Experience with using Dockers effectively Experience with Data Bricks and Kubernetes will be an asset Mathematical and statistical knowledge MLOps Experience preferred Familiarity with Tensorflow or Pytorch will be an asset 
ScrapedJobID78:
Be a key contributor to helping on new deployments on GCP cloud. Build, scale, and secure traditional services using innovative solutions. Manage VMs and collaborate with developers and business users to diagnose issues inside VMs. Automation and management of infrastructure services, application deployments, cloud services, monitoring and databases. Provide visibility into business and systems performance metrics, in support of capacity planning and business reports. Work closely with Development and Infrastructure teams to maintain, manage and enhance the platform. Expanding our configuration management infrastructure to enable rapid deployment of new services. Working with Information Security to perform security audits and proactively make recommendations/improvements. Deliver high-quality and durable systems that meet the specifications of our product management team on time and within budget. Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation. Comfortable working in a continuous deployment environment. Experience configuring, securing and managing Windows servers. Hands on experience in GCP environment including monitoring, Terraform, Cloud formation Templates (yaml), Kubernetes, MIGs, pub/sub, storage and compute & Chatbot. Experience hosting applications on GCP. Experience with managing SQLServer or MYSQL databases, including replication, and web servers and proxies like Nginx and IIS. Scripting and automation experience with Python, Powershell, CI/CD Pipelines, Runbooks, Jenkins, Ansible, Vagrant or Packer. Transformation of .Net Framework monolithic applications to micro services using Docker and Kubernetes. Experience with monitoring and log collection tools such as Datadog, Elastic, Sensu, InfluxDB and New Relic Experience working with SCM tools such as Git, GitHub, TFS and BitBucket. Familiarity with SOA, microservices, message queueing and relational database concepts. Experience working with third-partyand supporting internal/third-party RESTful web services and other APIs.and SOAP-based APIs. Ability to effectively work on multiple projects simultaneously and effectively contend with competing priorities. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science preferred. A minimum of 4 years of experience in Infrastructure Engineering. Experience with functional programming languages. Interest in information security technologies. Experience in the deployment of complex high availability applications. Experience with Solr and Hadoop would be considered an asset. Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID79:
Write test plans and test cases throughout the development lifecycle Ensure test plans thoroughly cover all requirements and use cases Plan, schedule and perform manual and automated software tests Develop automated regression test suites using automated testing tools Foster a continuous improvement approach to QA activities Review tools implementations and encourage best practices and sound design principles while remaining practical and deadline driven Work closely with development to perform early testing on components prior to integration builds Assists and actively participates in the communication between local and offshore development and QA teams, ensuring knowledge is shared efficiently Manage defect tracking; monitor and report results Report QA status, as appropriate, to keep project stakeholders informed on deliverables and timelines Train other departments on the use of custom developed tools Other duties as assigned You have a BS in computer science or related field You have a minimum of 5-10 years’ experience as QA Engineering role You have knowledge of software development life cycle, methodologies and testing You have experience with cloud technologies and modern pipelines is an asset You have solid knowledge of quality assurance techniques, testing concepts, methodologies and tools You have expert ability to apply quality assurance knowledge to in-depth testing and test plans You have ability to apply concepts of unit, system, regression, product, integration and accepting testing You have excellent analytical skills with the ability to investigate and research multiple sources You have excellent interpersonal and oral/written communication skills You have knowledge of Python/Bash is an asset You have knowledge of Cloud technologies is a very important asset You have experience in automation testing or coding or backend services is an asset You have advanced knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases You have knowledge of trading systems and trading concepts, particularly within the equities realm, is considered an asset You have experience with testing high performance systems is an asset You have ability to adapt and learn quickly with any testing tool You have excellent working knowledge of LINUX/UNIX and Windows environments You have advanced understanding of automation testing methodologies You have programming skills 
ScrapedJobID80:
Must be present and have lived in Canada for a minimum of 10 years (you will be required to apply for government security clearance) Be able to lead a team by closely working with a variety of developers, network specialists, unix/intel, database and system administrators Confidently speak and write reports both to customer, Kyndryl internal 
ScrapedJobID81:
Conduct design reviews with engineers to make sure the right security features are making it into the products - taking into consideration the domestic, international, and industry security and privacy regulations and frameworks. Participate in and support application security reviews and threat modeling, including: Secure code review. Support the code review process by providing 1-1 guidance, group training, creating documentation as needed, and performing ad hoc secure code review as needed. Dynamic testing, using tools like Burp Suite or mitmproxy for examining app interactions. Design and drive application security vulnerability management across different technologies. You will coordinate with engineering teams to validate findings, prioritize findings/assets, remediate and verify mitigations, and internal reporting for management. Assist with vendor reviews by evaluating new and existing vendors. As well as evaluating tools, libraries, services, and other software for security and privacy issues. Coordinate the creation and maintenance of technical security documentation. Identify areas for internally created and externally provided application security training. Assist in development of automated tooling and processes to support our internal operations. For example, creating audit scripts to help with compliance efforts. Assist with risk assessments and security questionnaires. Practice security assurance by identifying and directing areas to enhance monitoring in order to verify that policy and procedures are adhered to and that controls are operational. Lead Information Security policy creation and maintenance of application and developer focused policies by refactoring security policies and standards to focus on the right controls, using ISO 27001, SOC, OWASP, and NIST frameworks. As a member of the incident response team, assist with the overall lifecycle of an incident, from triaging to lessons learned. Experience commensurate with 5 years of work in an application, product, or security engineering related role. Experience with coding and reading multiple programming languages in the context of web services and secure coding practices. Knowledge of penetration testing techniques and ability to implement them appropriately. Ability to configure, operate, and tune vulnerability scanning tools. Ability to lead threat modeling. Strong knowledge of secure development practices for web applications and services, and capability to train others in them. Front-end and/or back-end development experience. Experience working with static and/or dynamic programming languages. Go and/or Perl experience The primary programming languages at the company are Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. Ability to develop expertise in Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript,. SQL databases, ideally PostgreSQL. Application security experience in a cloud environment. Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID82:
Take ownership of the entire agent onboarding transition process with systematic follow up to keep the process moving forward Respond in a timely manner to Onboarding & Agent Experience team members to assist in an agent’s onboarding process; Contact agents as needed to ensure a positive transition to eXp Realty; Work closely with provincial broker teams and agent to eliminate any unnecessary delays in onboarding; Work closely with the Growth & Expansion Team to coordinate team documentation as required’ Collaborate with Growth & Expansion with a focus to streamline and improve systems for team onboarding; Assist Onboarding & Agent Experience as needed; Monitor and address those agents and team members in various stages of being ‘in process’ and proactively take steps to move them forward, including phone communication. This is critical. Assist with communications with joining agents as required; Assist with the collection of joining documents ; Have a thorough understanding of all team documents; Thoroughly comprehend the set up of teams in Enterprise and assist Growth & Expansion with the management of same; Communicate effectively with provincial administrators regarding payplan adjustments; Assist General Onboarding with the coordination of joining teams; Update trello cards and checklists as required ; Assist joining/team agents with the transfer process, including any required provincial licensing steps and MLS memberships; and Other Tasks as required to ensure joining agents/team members transition smoothly. Enjoys collaborating with a team but also working independently; Superior people skills including the ability to engage in difficult conversations; Systematic approach to details and information management; Ability to thrive both independently and as a vital member of a team; Willingness to learn new skills and engage in agile practices; Is self- organized and self-motivated; Close attention to detail and excellent grammar; Works quickly, with a sense of urgency to complete all documentation and tasks; and Able to manage very fast work-flow and maintain a professional disposition 
ScrapedJobID83:
Cloud Computing design and deployment experience with PVC (Private Virtual Cloud) and Public Cloud. Expert of Active Directory domain, LDAP, DNS and DHCP. Expert of Exchange 2010 and unified communication. Expert of SANs and Blade Server hardware platform. Knowledge of Systems management and monitoring tools; i.e. SCCM and SCOM. Expert of backup and data de-duplication and archiving technologies and software like Nova Backup, Good Sync and Double Take Extensive knowledge of LAN/WAN, switches, routers and firewalls. Able to assist the Sr. Network Administrator on the networking matters. Third-Level Help Desk Ticket Resolution, including supporting the business 7x24x365 and on-call support as needed. Ensure that contingency and/or continuity technology services are compliant with security policies and regulatory requirements. Responsible for Systems security, monitoring malicious virus/spam and taking preventive measures. Must have implementation experience with the Active Directory 2008, DNS and DHCP. Create and manage multiple domains, and Group Policy (GPO) management. Must have experience to implement domain level security policies according to the best practices. Provide platform leadership in Exchange 2010 and Unified communication. Must have hands on experience with the installation, configuration and troubleshooting of Exchange 2010. Expert with the black berry communication, BES server troubleshooting, administration and security policies. Experience is required with the SANs, Blade servers, server hardware. Must be proficient with the RAID configuration and server hardware maintenance. Experience with the datacenter environments including control panel software like HOSTING CONTROLLER and Plesk. Must have implementation experience with the Virtualization technologies; i.e. VMWare vSphere, and/ or Microsoft Hypervisor. Experience with the Microsoft Office Communication Server (OCS), System Centre Configuration Managers (SCCM) and System Centre Operations Managers (SCOM). Must have SharePoint 2010 implementation, administration and troubleshooting experience. Experience with enterprise level backup solutions; i.e. Symantic Backup Exec Responsible for the daily backup and restore operations, develop periodic data restore exercise and procedures. Expert in the data de-duplication and email archiving solutions Responsible for the disaster recovery planning and test exercise. Solid understanding of enterprise level antivirus technologies; i.e. Office Scan and McAfee Responsible for Server/Desktop, OS and application patch management using enterprise level technologies such as WSUS and/or SCCM Interacts with internal clients on all levels to resolve IT issues in a timely and efficient manner Builds and maintains ongoing vendor relationships Research and evaluate new technology for the department Provides mentoring, coaching and support to the IT team Project Planning and technical documentation as required. Coordinate change planning and formal change control process to systems in order to eliminate customer impact and to ensure that availability SLA’s are met. Maintain Enterprise Standards within the facility to the specifications of the corporate standards, and Bill 198. (This includes desktops/laptops, network infrastructure devices, servers and production applications). Solid experience with full project life cycle activities, including project planning, scoping, implementation, operations and documentation. Provide accurate project status updates and facilitating project closure. Implementation experience of domain security policies, server hardening and operating systems. Experience managing multiple, complex projects concurrently Self-starting independent thinker that possesses initiative, creativity and strong organizational, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and coaching skills Solid understanding of ITIL processes and substantial project management skills. Excellent written, verbal communication and presentation skills Ability to meet deadlines and hold others accountable for their timelines and tasks Ability to work effectively within a team environment Ability to lift heavy IT equipment; i.e. servers, routers and switches etc. Experience working on multiple concurrent projects, internal and outsourced staff and a variety of technologies Demonstrated success managing change in a dynamic, collaborative entrepreneurial environment Track record of building positive long-term relationships with various internal clients, vendors and managing service levels Proven experience providing exceptional customer service to internal clients Experience coaching, mentoring junior IT staff and a strong sense of role ownership Proactive management of all areas of responsibility Strong ability to prioritize, a sense of urgency Cisco Certified Security Professional – CCSP (nice to have) Cisco Certified Network Professional – CCNP (nice to have) ITIL V3 Foundation and Project Management training and/or certification 5+ years experience as a Sr. Systems Administrator in a large publically traded organization. Up to date and/or recent Microsoft certification (MCSE) Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) Up to date and/or recent Microsoft certification (MCSA or MCITP) Citrix/VMware Virtualization Certification SAN Certification and/or training/experience University Degree or 3 or 4 year College Diploma in a relevant IT discipline Project Management training and/or experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills An in-depth understanding of all areas of IT and how the IT department impacts the organization as a whole. 
ScrapedJobID84:
Production support with support rotation to work on critical Incidents, Problems and Requests Perform application enhancements using standard technical stack Coordinate with technology vendors to support/enhance the applications. Gather and analyze information to improve business systems and processes Assist design and implementation of ongoing support arrangements for delivered systems Assist with developing improvements to team processes and procedures Participate in on-call support rotation among the team (approx. every 6-8 weeks). 3 -6 years of experience in IT Software development and/or support Mandatory skills:
SQL Server or Oracle or any RDBMS programming
Informatica PowerCenter or SSIS or any ETL tool
Autosys or any scheduling tool
Production Support in an enterprise-wide experience. SQL Server or Oracle or any RDBMS programming Informatica PowerCenter or SSIS or any ETL tool Autosys or any scheduling tool Production Support in an enterprise-wide experience. Knowledge of Atlassian Jira administration is preferred. Knowledge of AWS, Snowflake and Investments domain are desirable Experience working with Agile/scrum software development framework is a plus Experience in the Financial Services industry is a plus Strong analytical and critical thinking skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to manage multiple tasks and requests, and ability to deliver quality results Technical Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 3-6 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID85:

ScrapedJobID86:
Stream 1 – Engineering Stream 2 – Quality Assurance & Compliance Officer Stream 3 – Networking Stream 4 – Developer Stream 5 – Communication Stream 6 – Analyst Stream 7 – IT Security Stream 8 – Mechanical & Electronics Technologies Stream 9 – Technical Professional (Technologist/Engineer) Developing standardized operating procedures and methodologies for the deployment of technical capabilities. Leading technical collection, evaluating and testing technical capabilities and deploying various technical equipment and solutions. Assessing and/or contributing to operational plans to identify associated risks and offering alternate solutions. Providing technical advice in the planning and conducting of technical operations. Training and providing guidance to new technical officers. Collaborating with partners both domestic and abroad to advance capabilities. Leveraging stakeholders and ensuring continuing cooperation. Maintaining technical knowledge and operational readiness; staying current on technical collection capabilities and best practices. Adhering to established methodologies and ensuring compliance with policies and authorities governing conduct of operations. Solving complex problems and advancing investigative initiatives by integrating existing technologies; or by creating new solutions, systems, platforms and tools. Computer science. Electrical engineering / Electronics Technologist. Network security. Telecommunications. Similar Engineering and Technologist disciplines. Underfill – one (1) year of related experience. Underfill – two (2) years of related experience. Providing advice and guidance with respect to the design, deployment and maintenance of technical solutions. Implementation of technical solutions which require system integration. Supporting, maintaining and/or performing troubleshooting activities for software and/or systems. Programming languages such as C, C++, C#, Java, Go, Perl, Python, Bash, Javascript, Lua. Analog/digital design and circuits. Antennas and RF Signal propagation. Telecommunications networks (VoIP, Wifi, Wireless, ADSL/Cable). Telecommunications standards and protocols (SS7, SIP). Network security, infrastructure support, network protocols. Virtualization, hyper convergence or cloud application services. Interfacing with/managing databases (Relational and other). Signal processing and analysis. Voice/data communications (satellite, RF LMR, wireless and telecommunications networks). Data Technology. Telecommunications networks (VoIP, Wifi, Wireless, ADSL/Cable). Network security, infrastructure support, network protocols. Virtualization, hyper convergence or cloud application services. Programming languages such as C, C++, C#, Java, Go, Perl, Python, Bash, Javascript, Lua. Analog/digital design and circuits. Antennas and RF Signal propagation. Telecommunications standards and protocols (SS7, SIP). Signal processing and analysis. Voice/data communications (satellite, RF LMR, wireless and telecommunications networks). Interfacing with/managing databases (Relational and other). Data Technology. Vulnerability research. Penetration testing. Digital forensics. Network security/administration. Working with analytic and troubleshooting tools in mechanical/electronics settings. Evaluating, testing and deploying mechanical tools. Analyzing and troubleshooting RF devices and electronics hardware. Supporting, maintaining and/or performing troubleshooting activities for software and/or systems. Communications systems, protocols and/or propagation including both wired and wireless networks, audio and video data, installation, RF communication systems, mobile & satellite networks. Analyzing requirements and providing advice / recommendations (written & oral) on technical matters to various audiences. Hands-on experience with electronic components installation and good knowledge of electronic systems planning in any two of the following:
Power requirements or distribution, switching, audio/video, protection circuitry, data logging, RF transmission, testing, troubleshooting electronics, field deployment of electronic equipment.
Employing offensive and defensive security capabilities of technologies.
Collection using technical tools and tradecrafts. Power requirements or distribution, switching, audio/video, protection circuitry, data logging, RF transmission, testing, troubleshooting electronics, field deployment of electronic equipment. Employing offensive and defensive security capabilities of technologies. Collection using technical tools and tradecrafts. Previous industry experience in trades such as: construction, electrical, building maintenance, audio visual or electronic communications. Experience with the fabrication of technical parts and equipment, in a variety of materials (the experience does not need to have been acquired through formal work experience). Experience assembling, configuring and troubleshooting computer hardware and network infrastructure. Recent: is defined as experience acquired in the last five (5) years. Adaptability/Flexibility Interpersonal Skills/Team Work; Organizational Skills/Multitasking; Problem Solving Skills; Behavioral Flexibility; Integrity; Communication/Collaboration; The immediate need is to staff positions with a linguistic profile of bilingual imperative and non-imperative (BBB/BBB) and English essential (EE). For bilingual imperative positions, an offer will be made to a qualified candidate who meets the linguistic requirements. For bilingual non-imperative positions, offers will be conditional upon meeting the linguistic requirements within two (2) years of appointment. Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID87:

ScrapedJobID88:
Participate in analysis of client data and formulate well-defined problem statements and recommendations for advanced analytical workflows that are usually provided as very open-ended problems Create and design dashboards by using different data visualization tools to present reports and insights, and support business decision making Design and develop ETL workflows for serving data to the dashboards as needed Write complex SQL queries with multiple joins to automate and manipulate data extracts Perform exploratory data analysis to identify patterns from historical data, generate and test hypotheses, and provide product owners with actionable insights Create advanced analytical models using advanced statistics, machine learning or other methods for client-specific use cases Create production-worthy ML workflows and pipelines. Participate in the creation of Statements of Work and other Prospecting activities that require technical expertise and inputs. Participate in end to end analytical system design when needed, including end to end ETL, reporting and visualization workflows, ML pipelines (continuous training, continuous serving) and data modelling as required Design testing process, create and execute test cases for advanced analytical workflows Troubleshoot and resolve issues and defects Maintain and exceed client satisfaction with StackPros Inc.’s deliverables, day-to-day work and overall value as a partner Cultivate opportunities for company growth, always seek areas where StackPros Inc.’s role could be expanded Adapt to ever-changing client needs and expectations Maintain dedication toward achieving excellence in StackPros Inc.’s delivery against client needs, and overall success as an organization Be an enthusiastic, positive and generally awesome team mate, mentor & constantly curious learner Stay up-to-date on relevant technologies, plug into user groups, understand trends and opportunities to ensure we are using the best possible techniques and tools Enthusiasm to take on new challenges Ability to learn and adapt quickly 1+ years experience working on Data systems and advanced analytical workflows built on the cloud. GCP, AWS or Azure preferred Strong understanding of statistical analysis of data including correlation analysis, outlier analysis and hypothesis testing Strong understanding of data visualization concepts, different types of visualisation charts and choosing the appropriate visualisations to convey insights effectively 1+ years of experience building interactive dashboards using at least 1 data visualization tool such as Data Studio, Tableau, PowerBI or Looker. Experience building visualisations exclusively using Python or other programmatic libraries will also be considered. 2+ years of experience using Python. Java or other programming language experience will also be considered 2+ years of experience using SQL. Experience writing large dynamic analytical queries will be a strong asset Strong understanding of regression models, classification models, neural networks, decision tree models and unsupervised learning models such as k-means clustering. Ability to analyze a problem and make decisions on the appropriate candidate models for the problem Experience building machine learning models on large datasets Experience in hyperparameter tuning and evaluation of ML models Experience using data science libraries such as pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, keras, nltk etc. Experience using Tensorflow is a strong asset Strong understanding of Feature Selection and Feature Engineering concepts Experience using ETL/orchestration/workflow management frameworks like Apache Airflow preferred, but not required Strong understanding of and experience with large scale OLAP databases and data warehouses. Strong understanding of Google Cloud BigQuery preferred Understanding of digital marketing ecosystems and tools like Google Marketing Platform, GA360, Google Ads, Adobe Suite etc. a strong asset Technical understanding of a range of marketing concepts such as cookie-based data collection, setting and leveraging audience segments, attribution modelling, A/B testing, knowledge of marketing KPIs and their calculation will be a strong asset. Excellent written & verbal communication skills are essential; candidate should be comfortable presenting and participating in group discussions of concepts with internal and external stakeholders 100% employer-paid benefits package Monthly yoga and meditation classes Regular Lunch and Learns from your Team Mates Fun Employee Events and Activities Participation in Community Engagement 
ScrapedJobID89:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID90:
Work cross-functionally with the backend/server team, data/match team, customer success, and other teams to deliver a stable and functional production environment Owns several key areas of infrastructure to ensure a secure and safe environment for our customers and employees Own the architecture with a heavy investment in Kubernetes spanning multiple clusters. Additionally, we’re moving to a hybrid platform of Cloud to Data Center based deployments. Shared ownership of our various database clusters, network, and the overall underlying infrastructure that supports a multitude of applications and services Proficiency in AWS or other Cloud Platforms At least 4+ years of operations engineering experience, most of which were in a team environment Proficiency in writing scripts in Python or Bash Experience in Networking, VPCs, and IDS/IPS Technology Strong adherence to technical documentation Prior experience with large-scale, high volume systems Passion for start-ups Experience in Security Policy and Enforcement Nice to have * Experience in Bare Metal and Data Center Environments Please make sure to mark Coffee Meets Bagel as "safe" as our email tend to hit the Spam folder. 
ScrapedJobID91:
Work cross-functionally with the backend/server team, data/match team, customer success, and other teams to deliver a stable and functional production environment Owns several key areas of infrastructure to ensure a secure and safe environment for our customers and employees Own the architecture with a heavy investment in Kubernetes spanning multiple clusters. Additionally, we’re moving to a hybrid platform of Cloud to Data Center based deployments. Shared ownership of our various database clusters, network, and the overall underlying infrastructure that supports a multitude of applications and services Proficiency in AWS or other Cloud Platforms At least 4+ years of operations engineering experience, most of which were in a team environment Proficiency in writing scripts in Python or Bash Experience in Networking, VPCs, and IDS/IPS Technology Strong adherence to technical documentation Prior experience with large-scale, high volume systems Passion for start-ups Experience in Security Policy and Enforcement Nice to have * Experience in Bare Metal and Data Center Environments Please make sure to mark Coffee Meets Bagel as "safe" as our email tend to hit the Spam folder. 
ScrapedJobID92:
Work within a cross-functional team of Cloud Engineers, App Admins, DBAs and DevOps to specify, design, develop, test, and implement cloud services and solutions Leverage industry best practices in defining and tuning appropriate on-demand cloud deployment architectures with security in mind Identify, implement and support application monitoring solutions for cloud deployments Ensure work is fully tested, documented and highly automated Programmatically automate routine cloud deployment, administration, and monitoring tasks Oversee the defining, documenting and training of SaaS Ops admins on critical cloud deployment related processes Enrolled in an undergraduate degree or diploma majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, IT or related field Familiarity with core infrastructure technologies such as Active Directory, DNS, FTP, SMTP, Load Balancers and Firewalls, etc Familiarity with automation tools such as Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform, Artifactory, etc. Strong understanding and writing of code with familiarity of Python, Groovy, Powershell, or GoLang Familiarity with Docker, and Kubernetes Asset to have: Exposure on automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible 
ScrapedJobID93:
Develop automated dev-ops deployments with CI/CD best practices Support & maintaining cloud deployments Work with development and delivery teams to improve deployment processes Consistently produce high-quality deliverables in a timely manner Work within a team structure as well as independently to complete deliverables Communicate effectively, both verbal and written Cloud services (Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, Google Cloud Platform, IBM Cloud, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, etc.) CI/CD platforms (Azure Devops, Jenkins, CircleCi, Teamcity, Bamboo, etc.) Scripting languages (Bash, Powershell, Python, GO) Orchestration and Automation Tools (Git, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Terraform, Kubernetes) Virtualization (VMware, KVM) SQL or NoSQL databases Troubleshooting using monitoring and observability tools such as DataDog, Prometheus, Graphana, Sysdig, etc. Microsoft Azure Services (Service Bus/Queueing, AppServices, Storage, VMs, Azure Functions, etc.) Cloud based structured logging / monitoring aggregating frameworks (Azure Log Analytics, DataDog, Prometheus, Graphana, Sumo Logic, etc.) Azure DevOps/Git – release and branching strategies, pull requests, pipline and release scripts Experience with search engine and NoSQL databases such as ElasticSearch or MongoDB Knowledge of IP networking, VPN’s, load balancing and firewalls Experience with development and automated testing Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time Ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID94:
Cross-team collaboration to aid in deploying new services and solutions Designing, implementing, and deploying core platform infrastructure and services across all environments Manage incidents as they occur and perform root cause analysis Providing day-to-day operational support of all infrastructure systems Supporting 24/7 production systems, including being part of an on-call rotation Maintaining system patches/upgrades to ensure high availability, reliability, and improved performance Maintain documentation related to infrastructure design and implementation Write quality, clean and maintainable code in Terraform and Chef Manage the configuration and review of infrastructure logging, alerting, and monitoring Identify opportunities for automating tasks Educate technical staff on infrastructure best practices Experience in multi-site, heterogeneous, large-scale enterprise or SaaS infrastructure Excellent working knowledge of TCP/IP and network topology design, implementation, and troubleshooting Ability to diagnose and resolve complex problems; excellent interpersonal verbal and written communication skills Experience writing documentation of systems, policies, and procedure Experience with Microsoft Windows and Linux Experience with application delivery platforms for load balancing, caching, compression, application firewalling, reverse proxy, SSL termination, etc Desire to broaden your knowledge and get hands-on experience in a cloud-based infrastructure, instrumentation, and containerization Demonstrate a high degree of integrity and trust along with the ability to work independently Experience with Docker containers, specifically Kubernetes, AWS EKS, and ECS Experience with cloud hosting, specifically Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, ELB, CloudFront, etc.) Experience with Infrastructure-as-code like Terraform or Cloudformation Experience with configuration management in a cross-platform environment; using Chef, Puppet, or Ansible to manage and deploy applications to both Windows and Linux devices Strong scripting skills (bash, ruby, powershell, etc) Bachelor of Computer Science/Engineering Degree or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID95:
Design, build and support cloud environments to create digital products; Monitor and assess the performance of applications in a cloud environment to ensure solutions are available; Create, test and implement safeguards to maintain data integrity and protect against unauthorized access; Create, review, modify Terraform and Ansible code; Deploy and manage resources in Azure cloud using Ansible and Terraform; Manage Kubernetes/OpenShift cluster/namespaces; Write Kubernetes configuration deployments using (Kustomize/Helm/deployment configs); Configure logging, metrics, and monitoring using Prometheus/Grafana/Log Analytics Provide professional opinion on architectural deployments, security, and DevOps processes Develop re-usable patterns and automate areas where automation is possible; Develop and deploy build pipelines using Github Actions and Azure DevOps; Deploy open source code to cloud VMs (Ubuntu, Centos). Seasoned Azure Cloud expert Experience in production environment such as Kubernetes. Familiar with container-based virtualization technology like Docker, OCI, Podman, etc Knowledge of DevOps tools and techniques and in-depth technical knowledge of system architectures including technical, data, application and network architectures. Experience implementing software engineering practices for full software development life cycles (SDLC), including coding standards, code reviews, source code management, build processes, and testing. Experience working independently with high-level direction to build and maintain complex cloud environments - Linux VMs and Kubernetes/OpenShift Experiene in configuring logging, metrics, and monitoring using Prometheus/Grafana/ Log Analytics Experience with scripting languages like Python and Bash Experience in build tools - Ansible and Terraform, and how they can be integrated into CI/CD pipelines Integration experience using and building APIs. Worked with relational and non-relational databases like PostgreSQL and MySQL Hands on experience writing Kubernetes configuration deployments using (Kustomize/Helm/deployment configs) 
ScrapedJobID96:
Deliver services for M365, Microsoft Azure projects. This will include plans, consulting, security services, migration and deployment. Determine customer business, functional, and technical requirements and develop scoping and levels-of-effort Design Azure IaaS solutions based on customer requirements and Microsoft and Fuelled best practices Migrating on-premises services to Microsoft Azure Automating Azure tasks using PowerShell and JSON templates Function as a technical resource for the Azure Practice by mentoring other Service Team Members, aiding in the development & maintenance of the Cloud Practice service delivery offerings, and helping to manage the service delivery quality of the Cloud Practice Design and Deliver services around: Active Directory Active Directory Federation Services Certificate Services DNS DHCP Direct Access Server and client operating systems Group Policies Server, client and networking security Communicate with customers as required Support and troubleshoot network and firewall issues Provide escalated support to assist with any issues or outages Evaluate new Cloud technologies & opportunities and forward recommendations to the Operations team Create standards and best practices that simplify and optimize support capabilities, and drive adoption across multiple service teams across Azure, as well as to our broader Azure support delivery teams Create an environment that fosters innovative approaches to automating customer solutions. Establish tight integration with Cloud Engineering System to continually improve the Azure support tooling and diagnostics capabilities All other duties as assigned 3+ years’ experience with Azure and M365 - Must Have Network architecture, redundancy, DR failover, SaaS & DBaaS Experience in SharePoint, Teams, Office 365, OneDrive for Business, Flow Experience securing Microsoft Cloud solutions Ability to automate routine tasks, debug and optimize Experience with RMM utilities and automation tools Experience in PowerShell Experience with architecting simple to complex environments Familiar with security best practices Active Directory Administration University Degree and/or related Technical Diplomas are strongly encouraged Current Microsoft Certifications - Azure certification in any of the following – Solutions Architect, Infrastructure Architect or Systems Ops Communicating and presenting complex information to technical and non-technical stakeholders, both verbally and in written form - English Excellent organizing abilities and attention to detail Able to multitask and work in a fast-paced high-volume environment Highly motivated and proactive Commitment to professional development and lifelong learning Valid Driver’s License Must be able to get security clearance Will be able to be on call on a rotating scheduled basis 
ScrapedJobID97:
Deployment support and troubleshooting for partners Automation of deployment and upgrade of solutions produced by Development Evaluation of emerging supporting solutions e.g. monitoring, alerting, logging for suitability into a production environment Implementation/support of production changes in out-of-hours maintenance windows Provide site resiliency expertise for production and highly available non production environments Act as an SME/escalation point for the operations team for production systems Passionate about your work and LOVES to automate ALL things 5-10 years’ experience in system / infrastructure administration or related field Experience delivering solutions into production grade environments Strong knowledge in CI/CD Strong knowledge in Infrastructure-as-code: Ansible and Terraform Strong knowledge in containerization and orchestration such as Kubernetes and docker-compose Strong knowledge in HTTP and TLS Strong scripting experience: such as python/bash/golang Strong knowledge of Linux (CentOS/Redhat) Strong skills in critical thinking and problem solving. Good foundation in Information Security best practices. Strong desire to learn and work with emerging new technology Strong team player (who is fun to work with!) Experience implementing reverse proxies such as NGINX Experience in coding custom tooling Experience implementing and supporting monitoring and logging solutions. Experience working with Public Cloud environments (AWS preferred) Experience with time-series and relational databases (e.g. Prometheus, MySQL, PostGRES) Experience with Jenkins Experience with Linux system hardening Experience with auditing and reporting tools 
ScrapedJobID98:
Analyze and understand functional business requirements and design specifications Design, develop, enhance and implement custom Genesys applications and integrate custom solution with other back end solutions Assist in User Acceptance Testing prior production go live Collaborate with other team members and customers when needed Work with project manager and provide work/time estimates Implement complex yet robust Inbound and Outbound call routing call flows using the following Tools and Technologies: Genesys Framework and Management, GVP (Genesys Voice Portal), Nuance, Java and VXML for IVR (Interactive Voice Response), Virtual Hold, Verint, Avaya, Genesys Infomart, CCA, CCPulse+, Cognos, Oracle 10g/11g/12c, MS SQL 2008 R2 and Cyara. Install, Configure, Upgrade, migrate, administer and maintain the Call Center Infrastructure, troubleshoot and resolve issues by coordinating with Product Vendor as necessary. Apply hot fixes, patches. Collaborate with business and end users to meet business needs with proper Planning, Designing, Developing, Testing and Implementing in Production. Consult with managerial, engineering, and technical personnel to clarify program intent, identify problems, and suggest changes. Perform or direct revision, repair, or expansion of existing programs to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new requirements Write or contribute to instructions or manuals to guide end users. Create and maintain system documentation, policies, and procedures as part of knowledge management. Responsible for supporting custom tools developed in the company. Perform other similar professional responsibilities as assigned Must have Genesys engage or cloud experience Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent 3+ years professional experience in Genesys contact centre solutions Experience with IVR or Call Center platforms will be an asset Must have good verbal, written, and interpersonal skills Fast learner and ability to quickly adapt new technologies Demonstrated ability to achieve results under limited supervision Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Genesys contact centre: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID99:
Working with our ML scientists to develop highly scalable models and algorithms for predicting molecular phenotypes using state-of-the-art neural network methodologies. Developing evaluation, visualization, and productivity tools for streamlining machine learning research Adapting our algorithms and architectures to best exploit modern cloud computing environments Working with our software engineers, biologists and geneticists to operationalize and deploy research output to match the needs of stakeholders. Solid Engineering and Computer Science fundamentals, ideally with a degree in CS, Math, or equivalent experience. Senior candidates should have experience in architecting, developing, and deploying large software systems in a leading position Experience in building, testing, training, and deploying production-ready ML workflows. Experience developing machine learning algorithms or machine learning infrastructure in Python or C/C++. Experience with frameworks like PyTorch, Caffe2, Tensorflow, Keras, JAX, Chainer, etc. Experience in the operationalization of Machine Learning projects (MLOps) using at least one of the popular frameworks or platforms (e.g. Kubeflow, AWS Sagemaker, Google AI Platform, Azure Machine Learning). Leading role in developing the future of drug development to cure genetically defined diseases. A highly competitive salary and meaningful equity compensation. Exceptional opportunities for learning and growth. A bright, collegial, highly motivated team working at the intersection of the most exciting areas of science and technology. 
ScrapedJobID100:

ScrapedJobID101:
You will be practising continuous integration and improvement with our cutting edge technology to facilitate automation, working towards deployment. Building and expanding our architecture across the different ecosystems towards our interoperability network Building infrastructure that has a competitive edge using technologies such as Docker/Kubernetes and other cloud services. Forging solid relationships within Axelar to fully understand the needs in the ecosystem whilst working in an agile environment Experience in services and infrastructure that help to automate the deployment of blockchain networks. Experience automating deployment, validation, quality control, writing integration tests, CI/CD pipeline. Experience with monitoring and alerting tools (Grafana, Prometheus, etc.) Experience automating network deployment and testing. Docker/Kubernetes, cloud services and tools. You have a strong sense of ownership, with the ability to lead and share knowledge to reach solutions as well as the keenness to learn You’re open to collaborating with internal and external stakeholders, flourishing in a distributed environment You enjoy being hands on, being a self starter that thrives well in ambiguity A problem solver at heart that can envision successful outcomes You have a creative flair, always seizing an opportunity to to do things differently Understand how to use blockchains / DeFi as a user Autonomous, distributed environment with the opportunity to work collaboratively in a diverse team across the world The scope to contribute to high impact work and really make a difference in a decentralized protocol Chance to really challenge yourself whilst learning heaps of stuff in the process Unlimited time off throughout the year to rest and recharge Competitive compensation with stock options, experiencing growth from the initial phase 
ScrapedJobID102:
Perform security assessments of KUBRA systems, applications, and infrastructure providing written reports and recommendations for management review. Perform and review vulnerability assessments (including DAST and SAST). Build and maintain security tools with an emphasis on automation. Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to ensure security and compliance of all KUBRA owned computing systems and applications. Provide architectural security guidance to product engineering teams building software applications in compliance with industry standards (PCI-DSS, NIST, CIS) in public cloud environments. Review and suggest enhancements to SDLC and CI/CD processes Build threat models and security reporting tools. Maintain awareness of trends and changes in the Cybersecurity industry and threat landscape. Excellent written and verbal communications skills and an ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism in all client communications. Ability to influence others, build relationships, manage conflicts, and handle Understanding and following the business strategy, objectives, and adjusting to performance metrics. Excellent organization, time management, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Ability to handle pressure and focus on results Experience in public cloud is required (AWS, Azure, GCP) 2+ years of experience in Cyber Security roles with a preference in engineering. Experience work with software development or devops teams is preferred. Experience in systems or network administration is preferred. Experience working with industry standard regulations and compliance frameworks (PCI-DSS, ISO, NIST, SANS, SOX, SOC II, HIPAA) Proficiency in a wide range of public cloud technologies (ex. AWS EC2, EKS, EBS, RDS, S3, etc). Proficiency in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) technologies such as Cloudformation or Terraform. Scripting and automation skills highly preferred (APIs, Python, Bash, Powershell, Go) A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID103:
The Associate Cloud Operations Engineer focuses on operating and maintaining the cloud environments of customers as per the environment design and contractual agreements. The main goals are to deliver agile and secure managed services on cloud platforms, to continuously increase the level of automation and security, to ensure high availability of the service, and to achieve a high level of customer satisfaction. Supports 24x7 operations of production Cloud environments Includes monitoring, incident response, answering service requests, and execution of changes Take ownership of incoming actions and issues and drive them to resolution Work within a multi-skilled Cloud Operations team Consulting with other team members to extend your reach to get to success Proactively and continuously improve the service through: Driving further automation by scripting repeatable tasks Improving monitoring metrics to detect incidents before they occur Fixing incident root causes by contributing code fixes or design changes back to the service specifications Execute service requests logged by customers within the scope of services Leverage automation tools and Infrastructure as Code tools to maintain the environment and execute changes while adhering to the change management process Understand and contribute to processes and tools used by the team Identify areas of operations with quality deficits or automation opportunities and work to improve The Associate Cloud Operations Engineer is motivated to take strong ownership of actions, to find innovative ways to improve the agility and efficiency of the service and to continuously gain more skills. Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That’s why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs , and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing . We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working . We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority! Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community Opportunity for growth & development . Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We’re multi-cloud and proud! An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you’re on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you’re an integral part of the team and we’ll make sure you know what’s up Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded 
ScrapedJobID104:
Implement features and bug fixes for automation services that Tasktop relies on to provide quality SaaS offerings. Contribute to the design of cross-cutting technical solutions that increase efficiency and reduce operational toil within the company. Provide comprehensive monitoring and actionable alerts to bring our SLOs to life. This includes our infrastructure and infrastructure we provide as a service to Product Development ensuring trustworthy alerts and relevant service quality feedback. Communicate ideas effectively to fellow team members and business stakeholders through technical assessments, scrum meetings, demos, incidents, etc. Ensure any incidents are leveraged as highly valuable learning opportunities by participating in a positive culture of learning through blameless retrospectives and providing effective remediation and improvements. Experience working with cloud infrastructure providers such as AWS or GCP. Experience operating infrastructure or applications subject to compliance such as PCI, SOC2, or HIPAA is highly desirable. Experience with container orchestration such as Kubernetes or containerization technologies such as Docker. Familiar with continuous integration/deployment tooling such as Jenkins, Travis CI, or Spinnaker. Familiar with infrastructure and Configuration Management tooling such as Terraform, Cloud Formation, Ansible, Chef or Puppet. Professional experience with scripting languages such as Python, Ruby, Perl, or Bash. Experience working with Linux OS such as Ubuntu or CentOS. 
ScrapedJobID105:
Lead Designs, Standardization, and automation on Microsoft’s optical hardware and global network. Contribute to the dark fiber scale out and subsea ownership Drive owned vs leased project initiatives Lead development of network architecture Create and Publish High Quality Documentation Standards Support innovation and cost management by developing new ideas for network systems and tools that meet customer and/or business needs Resolve live-site issues by troubleshooting complex network components and drive improvements Participate in Network Incident on-call rotation support Participate in all efforts to automate repetitive tasks to reduce implementation time and avoid failures due to human error Take your ideas from design to production – own it end to end A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering (or a related field), or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience is required 5+ years of professional optical engineering, network engineering or development experience Experience in Deploying/Operating DCI and/or Long-haul Optical networks Deep understanding of DWDM networking at scale, and proven track record of operating DWDM in DevOps or SRE environment Strong understanding of signal propagation and impairments in Optical fiber and various fiber types, transceiver hardware used at Client and Line end of transmission equipment Experience with Python, Go, REST, YAML, and Workflow systems Knowledge of IP/ethernet networking fundamentals Interest and ability to research new and emerging technologies to better solve networking problems Proven track record of getting hands dirty to fix problems and drive dependencies 
ScrapedJobID106:
Develop offline and real-time algorithms for processing EEG, PPG and other biosignals. Develop and implement biosignal-based applications. Run cloud studies on our large-scale EEG database. Contribute to the development of internal research tools. Masters and/or PhD. in Biomedical Engineering or any related field including computer science, engineering, mathematics or neuroscience. Strong experience with Python for time series analysis, time frequency analysis, algorithm development and machine learning. Experience creating algorithms and tools for EEG, PPG or other biosignal analysis. Practical experience and theoretical understanding of machine learning. Detail-oriented and enthusiastic with good communication skills and a great work ethic. Creative problem solver and solution developer when presented with conflicting requirements, business demands and technical risks. Knowledge of neuroscience. Comfortable with Git and software development tools. Experience with SQL. 
ScrapedJobID107:
Use Infrastructure-as-Code in implementing a variety of secure & scalable Cloud infrastructure solutions on AWS and Azure. Work with Solutions Architects and engineers in delivering infrastructure to various Business Analysts and business units. Create cost estimates for Cloud projects. Support the team in creating documentation of solutions and fulfilling service requests to variety of IT teams. Automate common tasks, governance, remediation of alerts, and create deployment pipelines. Create and document reusable Terraform modules to be used by the organization. Create and maintain GitHub repositories, following git-flow deployment. Participate in code reviews and commenting in pull requests of various development teams. Assist in gathering critical data to fulfill auditor requests. Prepare and submit project status reports, participate in daily standups. Communicate Cloud and technology stacks to a variety of end-users. Provide technical support, training, guidance, and consultation as required for other IT staff. Advocate Cloud technologies and active participate in evangelizing and defining company standards and security practices to teams and occasionally, management. Conduct and participate in lunch and learns, workshops, and launch days. Keep current with emerging and industry technologies related to job function. Engage internal partners across Global IT to make data-driven recommendations for continuous improvements for new and existing workloads. Work with the IT Engineering and Operations teams to thoroughly implement and test enterprise backup and recovery solution, including Disaster Recovery initiatives. Be available after hours to support critical systems, as well as deploying new systems or changes during maintenance windows, to minimize the impact on end-users use of their systems. Perform related duties as assigned. 3+ years of experience with AWS and Azure. Demonstratable knowledge of AWS’ and Azure’s Well Architected Framework. Practical experience designing and building solutions utilizing AWS services such as networking, EC2, S3, RDS, IAM, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, ECS, CloudWatch, Serverless, and AWS Security Hub. Strong Bash, Python, PowerShell scripting knowledge. Experience with Linux (RHELs and Debian) & Windows Server systems. Knowledge of Active Directory is an asset. AZ-104 is a recommended, while AZ-303, and AZ-304 are desirable to have. AWS Cloud Practitioner is highly recommended, while Certified Developer Associate and SysOps Administrator Associate are desirable to have. IaC experience is essential with Terraform being required, and AWS CloudFormation being an asset. Practical experience working in DevOps team/organizations with applied skills in scripting, Git, Datadog, and CI/CD. Experience provisioning, administering, and troubleshooting many services on Cloud platforms. Eagerness to learn new concepts, keep up to date with technology changelogs, communicate standards with teams. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to resolve sophisticated system problems. Possess the ability to maintain self-motivation and to work independently and in team environment. Excellent communication (verbal and written) & interpersonal skills able to influence customer stakeholders, enforce standards, and deliver/receive feedback. 
ScrapedJobID108:
Amazon Web Services. For example: VPC, EC2, S3, SQS, ELB Experience with Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) Server Maintenance (Linux) Scripting (Python, Shell) Familiar with Databases. We use MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, DynamoDB, and ScyllaDB. Familiar with Continuous Integration. We use Github Actions and Jenkins. Experience with a Configuration Management technology like CloudFormation, Puppet, or Ansible. System monitoring and performance tuning Git and GitHub workflow 3+ years of related work experience Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar discipline Familiar with load-balancers and auto-scaling Excited about new technologies and emerging industry trends (containerization, cloud-native, DevOps automation) Be comfortable in a team environment but also able to be an independent worker Available to respond to rare after-hours incidents (system outages, security updates, systems upgrades, or systems failures) At Showbie be 100% yourself. We like it that way. We welcome all team members (and candidates) and celebrate your diverse voice. Regardless of race, gender, orientation, sexual identity, economic class, ability, disability, age, religious belief, or status, we want to meet you! The autonomy to make decisions and execute them. We're growing, but we're a small team. Everything you do makes a difference and your input will always be celebrated. Transparency. You will always be kept up to date on the company strategy through monthly town halls. A beautiful comfy office located in central downtown Edmonton (close to great restaurants, cafes, and public transit). Includes weekly SPUD deliveries, a kick-ass espresso machine, ping-pong and foosball, and lots of board games. We offer a flexible work environment. Work from the office, or from home, or any combination of the two. Because sometimes you do your best work in your slippers. We value work-life balance. When we're at work we're excited and focused on building a great product. We also know that going "home" (or simply closing your laptop) and not working weekends or Christmas makes us even more excited to come to work and do great things. Friday afternoon socials, monthly team events, hackathons, awesome Christmas parties, and a team that actually likes to hang out with one another. You'll be decked out in new Apple gear and all the tools you need to help you do your job. Extended health benefits (including eyecare, massages, physiotherapy, and mental health supports) Three weeks vacation plus a week of flex time and time off at Christmas. 
ScrapedJobID109:
Technical Implementation 50% Design and execute our automation strategy across multiple Cloud Platforms and Services Work closely with DevOps and Application teams to make sure new features are reliable, easily deployable, and support the requirements of the service in terms of scale and security Design strategies for Logging, Monitoring and Alerts and manages platform for the same Automate process of security patching of cloud resources Creates a prototype design for a product very rapidly with a wide range of techniques Strong understanding of cloud services and ability to architect solutions as per business requirements Strong understanding of cloud networks and ability to support designing and implementing industry best practices In-depth knowledge of Cloud Security practices and native cloud security toolsets and the experience of designing and embedding automated security practices Operations 40% Support Cloud operations for automations and work closely with app teams to improve user experience, performance, incident response, and the serviceability of our offerings Supports platform upgrade, triages issues and work with vendors for platform related issues/changes Support vulnerability patching of cloud resources Communications 10% Collaborate with all stake holders and communicate clearly on the requirements, incidents, support for onboarding and enhancements Will liaise with the Architecture team on designing cloud services Collaborate with DevOps and Cloud platform team for end-to-end implementation Post-Secondary education, preferably in the areas of Technology At least 5 years of relevant industry experience in maintaining a high availability cloud production environment At least 3 years of experience with service operations and knowledge of cloud infrastructure planning and operations, design, and deployment, as well as system life cycle management in supporting a SaaS infrastructure 2 years of experience with Azure stack, Kubernetes, ELK and Azure 2 year of experience on deployment automation like Terraform, Ansible, etc. Solid understanding of Networking/VPCs/monitoring & alerting frameworks and tools Substantial experience in operating a 24/7 high-availability cloud infrastructure in a highly transactional environment Experience with large Linux (Red Hat based) and Microsoft Windows Exposure to Database technology like MS SQL, MySql, Postgre etc. Experience with Azure PaaS and SaaS services Experience working in financial industry Experience in Building and Maintaining Azure Kubernetes Platform Kubernetes certification Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate Independent, self-motivated and enthusiastic Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to prioritize assignments, projects and handle multiple competing priorities (multi-tasking) within restricted time constraints Focus on customer/end user experience Experience with Atlassian (Confluence and JIRA) 
ScrapedJobID110:
5+ years of experience with cloud technologies and provisioning Experienced with Microsoft Windows Server and Linux/Unix Server Deep understanding of Amazon Web Services: EC2, Lambda, S3, RDS, Document DB, VPC, Private Link, IAM, and custom JSON policies, CloudTrail, Cloud Watch, Guard Duty, Secrets Management AWS Organizations and their service control policies Interconnectivity between cloud services Securing communication between services User Access control and access policies Understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases. Strong understanding of cloud network structure and components: Subnets, Switching (basic switching knowledge), Routing (basic routing knowledge), Load balancing (basic understanding),OSI Model, TCP/IP Strong understanding of IT security principles, such as: Role based access, Multifactor Authentication, Access Lists, Firewalls, Encryption, Bastion Hosts. Experience with AppDynamics (or equivalent), Splunk (or equivalent) Must be an excellent communicator verbal and written Experience working in teams with agile software development practice and MVP deliverable mindset. AWS Certification within the last 12 months 
ScrapedJobID111:
Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID112:
If you want to join a company that has both the dynamism of a start-up and the scale of a multinational organization, do not hesitate to apply and join our teams! 
ScrapedJobID113:
8 hour shift DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID114:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID115:
Design, deployment, configuration, maintenance, and operations of a CI/CD infrastructure in the cloud Streamline development environments that allow our developers to work more effectively and efficiently Keep infrastructure secure by implementing security policies, protocols and procedures Assigns and monitors work of technical personnel, ensuring that application development and deployment is done in the best possible way, and implements quality control and review systems throughout the development and deployment processes Displays technical leadership and oversight of implementation and deployment planning, system integration, ongoing data validation processes, quality assurance, delivery, operations, and sustainability of technical solutions Maintains issue tracking and documentation systems and provides reporting that ensures proper tracking and visibility of issues and projects Provides process improvement recommendations based on best practices and industry standards Work closely with the Head of Data Systems to align plans and goals. Maintain client satisfaction and happiness with StackPros’ deliverables, day-to-day work and overall value as a partner Help identify, pitch, cultivate, prepare and deliver material as needed for new business and business development initiatives Cultivate opportunities for company growth, always be looking for areas where StackPros Inc.’s role could be expanded or built upon Adapt to ever-changing client needs and expectations Maintain dedication toward achieving excellence in StackPros’ delivery against client needs, and overall success as an organization 5+ years of Linux/Unix administration experience 3+ years in a senior or SRE or DevOps role Experience in building, operating, and maintaining large scale, performance services Python, SQL, Cloud Computing,GCP, CI/CD and automation experience a must 100% employer-paid benefits package Regular yoga and meditation classes Lunch and Learns from your Team Mates Fun Employee Events and Activities Participation in Community Engagement 
ScrapedJobID116:
Working with cloud databases and managed databases. Architecture and design of large-scale Azure hybrid cloud deployments. Azure Storage, File Management, and Resource Groups. Azure Security Solutions and Federated Azure Active Directory (AD). Azure Event Hub and Azure Data Factory. High availability data redundancy, data loss prevention, site recovery, and resilience. High throughput and scalable architectures; and capacity planning and load balancing strategies. Demonstrate deep understanding of Azure Security solutions. Performance monitoring Azure Application Insights. Strong general background in legacy infrastructures, networking, Windows Virtual Desktop, and security related infrastructure. Bachelor or Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. Relevant industry certifications including some combination of Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert, Microsoft Azure Administrator Associate, TOGAF, MCSE’s in Cloud and/or Infrastructure, and CCSP. 5+ years professional experience in a large enterprise or professional services (preferred) environment. Exceptional oral, written, and listening communication skills. Specific experience working with Public Service, Utility, and Telecommunication organizations of all sizes (strongly preferred) 
ScrapedJobID117:
Understand Ubuntu, Linux, KVM and TCP/IP in real-world environments Architect cloud infrastructure solutions like OpenStack, Kubernetes, Ceph, Hadoop and Spark Architect and integrate popular open source such as PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Kafka, Cassandra and NGINX Provide consultancy services regarding cloud deployments either On-Premises or in Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) Identify bugs, submit patches and contribute to open-source code Degree in Computer Science or related technical field 3 years of Linux development experience 3-5 years of professional experience with either OpenStack, Kubernetes, Ceph and/or Ubuntu Background contributing code in Python Fluent written and spoken English Excellent communication and presentation skills High motivation, ability to multi-task and follow-up reliably on commitments Interest in customer-facing engagement, including pitching, demonstrating and understanding customer environment and needs Interest in new technologies like LXD, MAAS, Juju and Snaps Ability to travel globally; up to 25% of travel time (after covid-19 restrictions lift) Second language is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID118:
Define test strategies, test cases/suites, and author clear and concise quality engineering documentation Configure / Build Test Automation tools with the goal of automation and reduction of regression test cycles Design tests using automated test tools Provide technical guidance to external partnerships Take the high-level requirements and independently complete test development per the defined processes. Read, analyze, understand product requirements, support requirements reviews. Understanding of IEC 62304, ISO 14971, and ISO 13485 Ability to work with Systems, Mechanical, Electrical, and Software engineers when discovering, documenting, and resolving integration issues. Work closely with developers to understand the specifics of the Application, Mobile device & operating platform on which the Application would run and due to considerations. Experience with embedded or application software development. Establish and maintain traceability from software requirements to verification test design and implementation. Assist development team in debugging and solving issues discovered during test or authoring of automation scripts. Bachelors’ Degree in Engineering or Science Discipline + 5 years of professional experience or Masters’ Degree in Engineering or Science Discipline + 3 years of professional experience. Experience in the medical device industry is an asset. Demonstrated professional experience as a software test engineer Design/test experience working with regulated medical devices. Provide technical leadership of functional and integration quality-assurance testing for features delivered within firmware (embedded C), on iOS devices (Objective C), and NodeJS Framework, SQL Database. Experience with Mobile iOS Application testing and tools for Apple (E.g., Xcode) Knowledge of Ready API from Smart bear or general API testing ( JSON format and RESTful API) Knowledge of Test Complete from SmartBear, UI testing, and data-driven testing. Some security testing experience (desire). Experience with cloud-based infrastructure Amazon AWS Tools validation (Protocol updates/author, testing, and reports) Experience performing code reviews. Experience with automation tool suites Ability to work on cross-functional project teams comprised of development engineers, quality engineers. Ability to test, analyze, and solve technical problems. Strong organizational skills. Knowledge of the software development process for medical devices including Software Verification and Validation. Strong written and verbal communication. Experience with software version control tools. Quality focus, willingness to learn, versatility and adaptability. ISTQB Certified Foundation Level is desired. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID119:

ScrapedJobID120:
You are passionate about the cutting-edge technologies related to AI/ML You love digging into quantitative and qualitative data You enjoy working with all formats of data -structured/semi-structured and unstructured You have experience working with customer data, building recommendation engines You have experience in building machine learning algorithms You have data engineering experience and the ability to extract data from various sources You have a University Degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Electronic Information Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Data Science. Create interactive dashboards for management for making data-driven decisions. Research and develop RPA, AI, ML models. Lead and manage the back-end dataflows/pipelines for reports and dashboards. Accountable to lead the application of data analytics and reporting for wireless and wireline network data and Engineering workflows within the Technology Division. Accountable to automate complex network models to run simulations and help in the creation of network strategic plans. Develops and guides advanced reporting and analytics teams by instruction, coaching and mentoring. Accountable for the development and design of datasets/databases for reporting on network traffic. Designs and implement repeatable processes to clean and verify the integrity of data ensuring information is available to build analytic systems Accountable to have the awareness of all data and associated tools in use or required for the Technology Division to do business. Actively work with Technology Division areas to ensure the effective, efficient harvesting of value using data. Accountable to serve as a consultant to the Technology Division and other business units on the use of analytics tools and data science principles, data visualization and management of network related data. Maintains confidentiality of highly sensitive issues and information. University Degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Electronic Information Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Data Science. Knowledge and experience in data analytics, data mining and data warehousing. Experience with database design and development, querying databases. Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, R, etc). Experience with data analytic and visualization tools such as Power BI, Splunk, Grafana. Experience with telecommunications networks and general networking theory. Knowledge of Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking, network architectures and standards such as 3GPP are an asset. Working knowledge of consulting, research, change management, project management, continuous improvement and strategic/business planning is an asset. Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written, and the ability to deal effectively with others, demonstrating ability to translate business drivers into technological requirements and effectively communicate using both business and technical terminology. Strong planning, analytical, research and presentation skills. Strong team member, with the ability to influence others. Must demonstrate the ability to work autonomously without supervision. Demonstrates a commitment to self-development and development of others. 
ScrapedJobID121:
Take end-to-end ownership of the features. Research, architect, implement and help drive innovative solutions. Actively share knowledge and document insights to support continuous team improvement and collaboration. Act as a mentor throughout the software development process. Partner and collaborate with other functions and teams. Consulting with management on the operational requirements of software solutions. Contributing expertise on information system options, risk, and operational impact. Mentoring junior software developers in gaining experience and assuming DevSecOps responsibilities. Managing the installation and configuration of solutions. Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostic tests. Documenting processes and monitoring performance metrics. Conforming to best practices in DevOps and Security. 3+ years of experience working in one of the following (or similar) capacities: DevSecOps Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). Software Development Engineers with DevSecOps experience are also encouraged to apply. Coding and scripting experience in Python, and Bash (bonus points for Ruby). Hands-on experience with container technologies, Docker, and Docker-Compose. Highly proficient with DevSecOps concepts and technologies. Experience deploying and managing web applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Heroku. Familiarity and experience with one or more of the following systems: CI/CD (CircleCI, Gitlab CICD, or similar), Logging (Sumologic, or similar), and Observability tooling (Datadog, or similar). Experience with production incidents: investigation, resolution, and root cause analysis. Experience with configuration management and IaC (Infrastructure as Code) tools (e.g., AWS CDK, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible) Strong communication skills and ability to build lasting relationships between functional teams Experience in a 24/7/365 environment Experience with AWS CDK and Cloudformation Extensive experience with AWS services of ECS Fargate, Route 53, S3, IAM, KMS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, MWAA, Sagemaker Experience with AWS serverless services (e.g. Lambda, ECS, MWAA, S3, …) * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID122:

ScrapedJobID123:
Be responsible for documentation, Knowledge Transfer (KT), and cross-training Help coordinate estimations and capacity planning Involved with technical debt reduction Collaboration for project planning and keeping an up-to-date roadmap with team You’ll work hand-in-hand with all teams to ship our code to production using Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment (CI/CD). You will work in a collaborative team environment with highly skilled specialists in many areas, including media, distributed systems, cloud platform, service-oriented architecture, and quality analysis. You have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and the ability to communicate clearly and effectively. You have 5+ years experience with SRE, DevOps, Ops, Systems Administration, or other similar roles. You have experience working in an Agile development environment. You have experience working with Configuration Management (CM) systems (Ansible, Terraform, Puppet, SaltStack, Chef) You have experience maintaining pipelines for deployment in a CD system. You have experience with deployment and configuration of automated health monitoring solutions and reacting to alerts created by these systems. You have experience with High Availability (HA) capacity planning. You have experience with cloud platforms such as GCP, AWS, Azure, or others. You have experience with log management, including aggregation, alerting, and graphing. Experience in process enhancement, streamlining, and automation Experience with a Configuration Management (CM) framework. Proficiency in Git, branching strategies and release process Advanced knowledge of Linux systems including commands, config, and best practices Experience working with pipelines for automated deployment (CI/CD) Experience with monitoring tools; able to write tests for common services Experience with Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) and Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) Excellent understanding of both relational, and non-relational database system Exceptional problem solving skills 
ScrapedJobID124:
As an AWS Foundations scrum team the person would be responsible for building out and maintaining AWS Cloud Infrastructure as Software Activities would include maintaining grooming and developing a backlog of technical user stories based on a set of features that deliver value to client Will be responsible for setting up new instances in AWS monitoring system health and performance of instances deployed in AWS and operating the S3 SQS SWF VPC DyanamoDB CloudSearch ELB EBS Directory Services IAM ECS AWS cloud components Monitor of infrastructure systems health assess alarm conditions conduct incident review and root cause analysis and escalate incidents as appropriate Participate in change management perform systems storage and network maintenance apply updates and patches tuning resource trending and administration Will ensure that all packaged apps are highly available in the AWS set up Responding to support issues related to Linux and Windows VMs hosted in AWS Responsible for detail documentations for cross training the next batch of system engineers and ensuring coverage as required per business needs Over 6-10 years with 3 years of experience in migrating the on prem apps to AWS Provisioning and operating the public cloud environment of AWS cloud set up and hands on experience in using AWS OpsWorks AWS Code Deploy AWS Code Manage AWS Certified Solutions Architect Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID125:

ScrapedJobID126:
Monitor the use of computer files or intellectual property to safeguard access to information Evaluate vulnerability and threats with clients, regularly performing required audits and tests Design and implement security-related tools and services by using and adapting existing methods and procedures Communicate with project teams about what’s required for process and technical improvements Work towards your team's goals within the strategic direction set by the project Travel as needed. Forward-thinking interpersonal skills; you can persuasively express your point of view whether it’s through a written or face-to-face presentation Knowledge of and interest in Microsoft security technologies and strategy Some experience with identity and access management principals, architecture and security management or securing network and enterprise cloud applications. Knowledge of Enterprise Mobility and Security Suite (EM+S), Advanced Threat Protection (ATP), Azure Information Protection (AIP) and Intune Knowledge of Azure Key Vault, Azure Security Center, OMS Proven implementation of cloud security models, particularly identity, network, and encryption 
ScrapedJobID127:
Ensure that SAP software maintains a high-quality by building test strategies, test plans, and communicating a clear and scalable test strategy to the team. Review business requirements and functional specifications to understand the functional and technical requirements. Analyze feature requirements and define appropriate testing measures – functional tests, regression tests, stress and/or performance tests, remediation tests, etc. Evaluate and identify suitable opportunities for test automation. Develop and maintain automated tests using appropriate tools, frameworks and programming languages. Bachelor’s OR Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or equivalent information technology degree with a suitable level of demonstrated experience. Knowledge about relevant product and process standards, important legal requirements and quality assurance and test related tools. Drive the process or tool improvements within the team, acts as quality and test contact for senior management or represents Quality for our deliverables. Technical competencies of relevant programming languages and related development tools and processes. Experience in working with cross-functional teams, locally and remotely. Interest in working across teams to understand how your product is interacting with 3rd party systems and provide the right test coverage. 3-5 years working experience identifying, executing and improving QA process and its automation. 
ScrapedJobID128:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID129:
Troubleshoot data issues, provide corrective actions and develop preventative measures Develop scripts for importing, validating, transforming, and exporting data to and from the ODS Development of dashboards and operational reports using Power BI Support Development and QA teams with the design, documentation, and development of data models and scripts to support new applications, interfaces, or reporting requirements 2+ years experience in a Data Engineer role Strong background working with Postgres in the Cloud and expert knowledge of tuning and optimization techniques Knowledge of Data Validation, transformation, and consolidation techniques to bring large sets of data from various source systems into a single, standardized ODS Has big picture view of the ODS design, looks to develop common utilities and ways to support the highest data quality standards 2+ years development experience with Java, Python Experience with MongoDB Experience working in an agile development environment Experience building reports using Power BI Exceptional documentation and communication skills Experience using Jira, Confluence, Github Must have a Bachelors degree. 10 hour shift MongoDB: 2 years (required) Python: 2 years (required) Data Engineer: 3 years (required) Power BI: 3 years (required) Java: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID130:
Cloud Application Engineer Experience with developing API ,Lambda Experience with SaaS integration Monday to Friday AWS cloud: 4 years (required) API, Lambda, SaaS Integration: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID131:
Support Pre-Development (Pre-Dev) Sandbox Environments: Development, Test, and Showcase Environments Design, and implement cloud based systems Develop and implement cloud applications migrate existing on-premise to the cloud debug cloud stacks Strong problem solving skills Experience with Azure 
ScrapedJobID132:
Management of production, staging, testing and development environments on Azure Coordinating the build and release pipelines between various projects using different technologies Improving deployment, efficiency, reliability and scalability of these services Work with architects, technologists, and others for future system enhancements and scalability. Actively participate in decisions to develop and improve security-based standards and practices. Work closely with DevOps team on the next-generation of Symend's SaaS Platform Work closely with product team to stay updated on upcoming feature requirements and refinements. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent work experience. Development skills - experience with languages and tools such as C#, JavaScript, Python, GitHub Experience with data science and big big data, knowledge of tools such as Dataiku, Snowflake and Looker Experience with CI/CD pipelines such as Azure DevOps, Databricks, TeamCity and Octopus Deploy Experience with virtualization and cloud computing technologies (experience using Azure or AWS and automated configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet or Ansible is an asset) Familiarity with Agile practices including Scrum Programming, Machine Learning and AI Knowledge of Helm Packaging for Kubernetes and Kubernetes components Understanding of application build and deployment processes for various applications to VMs or to Kubernetes Experience writing advanced scripts and batch files using Python, Unix Script, or Ruby An effective team player with good communication skills Demonstrated interest and ability to learn new software technologies 
ScrapedJobID133:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, and solid years of relevant experience. 5+ years of experience with and detailed knowledge of data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments, data structures. 5+ years of experience with relational and star schema data modelling concepts with a solid knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL. 2+ years of large IT project delivery for BI oriented projects. 2+ years of working with very large data warehousing environment Work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions to support analytical and reporting needs. Design and implement reporting solutions enabling stakeholders to manage the business and make effective decisions. Conduct ad hoc data analysis and data quality investigations. Implement training and documentation solutions that enable business stakeholders to get the most out of our self-serve reporting tools. Develop and support the analytical technologies that give our customers timely, flexible and structured access to their data. Design and implement an analytical environment using third-party and in-house reporting tools, modeling metadata, building reports and dashboards. Experience in designing and delivering cross functional custom reporting solutions. Experience with Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) databases - Redshift (preferred) Experience with an enterprise class BI tool like MicroStrategy(preferred), Business Objects Experience with reporting tools - Tableau (preferred), OBIEE Excellent oral and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Proven ability to meet tight deadlines, multi-task, and prioritize workload A work ethic based on a strong desire to exceed expectations. - Strong analytical skills 
ScrapedJobID134:
Minimum 1-2 years of experience as a Backend/Full Stack Developer. Comfortable with backend technologies (Python is an asset) Experience using APIs to build distributed cloud applications Understanding of non-relational databases such as MongoDB and in-memory stores such as Redis Help execute on our ambitious product roadmap through the implementation of features Review the team’s code, provide insightful feedback, foster collaborative community and teach everyone something new Become an integral part of your team and the Ada team, who work together to create valuable customer interactions for our clients and the end users Competitive salary and generous stock option plan Unlimited vacation Wellness account Extended health coverage Dental/optical/travel insurance Life insurance Employee and family assistance plan Flexible work schedule Digital first, fully remote with WFH budget In-house social worker Paid parental leave for Canadian and U.S. residents Development opportunities 
ScrapedJobID135:
Grow on a personal level by picking up best practices and experience in software and product development. Work with renowned industry experts who proved themselves in companies like Facebook and Microsoft. Make an impact in the lives of millions of people by making mobile internet more affordable and accessible. Deeply understand LotusFlare’s DNO platform, system architecture and integration components Deeply understand LotusFlare’s infrastructure principles, architecture and Maintains current knowledge in cloud computing Work internally with LotusFlare’s solution architect, engineering team and externally with customer technical teams to come up with deployment and infrastructure design and architecture. Design and implement the necessary code / configuration required to deploy LotusFlare products and services for a customer. Conducts cloud capacity planning and applies best practices in security for cloud applications Consults, runs proof of concepts and advises the best use of AWS or Azure to solve current challenges Reviews completion and implementation of cloud system additions and/or enhancements and makes recommendations to management and/or clients Develops documentation on new or existing cloud systems Be a part of a Global Delivery Team, share experiences and develop the PM discipline: simplify processes, methods and tools with creative ideas Assist in troubleshoot customer technical issues related to infrastructure in real time Cloud Engineering (cloud computing) experience with AWS and / or AZURE, GCP. Infrastructure as a code, specifically Terraform / Cloudformation experience. Design and maintain CI/CD process and tools (specifically CircleCI, GitLab, Jenkins) In-depth experience with the orchestration tools, especially Kubernetes In-depth experience with the YAML config management tools, especially Helm & Ansible 3-5 years of experience with software development lifecycle from conception to delivery as a software engineer or a solution architect 3+ years’ experience deploying enterprise cloud technologies. Certification in AWS or Azure preferred. Security consciousness, adhering to the principle of least privilege Proficient in API design, client server interaction design and cloud infrastructure architecture Telecommunication architecture experience; across IT and Core (OCS/PS/CS) domains to manage and design solutions at scale Experience in delivering products against a plan in a fast-paced, multi-disciplined, and often ambiguous environment Experience working independently to design, plan, and execute technical projects. Trustworthiness in autonomy Demonstrated deep knowledge of technical program management and engineering best practices Comfort and experience with cross-organizational communication; excellent written and verbal communication skills Competitive salary package Paid lunch Private healthcare Yearly bonus Company stock options Trainings and workshops Top of the class engineers to learn from and work with 
ScrapedJobID136:
Experience with Python, Java, or JavaScript AWS/Azure/GCP concepts and automation Experience in project management Configuration management automation knowhow (Teraform, Chef, or other tools) Substantial knowledge in all aspects of Infrastructure Technology, IaaS, and DevOps concepts Excellent communication skills, strong project management skills, results-oriented Application Security and Security Operation knowledge are strong assets Get to work with an experienced security team and build on your own security knowledge Automate security pipelines to help improve the security posture of SAP Automate tool deployment Demonstrate responsibility for critical microservices deployment Gain exposure to modern architectural concepts 
ScrapedJobID137:
You will plan, design, transition private cloud and develop vary monitoring methods for vary HCI solutions (like Dell VxRail, Dell Powerflex, Nutanix), vSphere virtualization, vRealize Suite management components, disaster recovery and backup solutions. You are not adverse in providing Level 3 support & vendor escalations for transitioned services. You excel in the development of technical documentation of configuration and operational procedures for service operations teams (build & runbooks) & technical specifications. You can contribute to implementation planning. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with the architectural and/or deployment and/or develop customized dashboards/reports of datacenter infrastructure solution monitoring, like VMware vRealize Operation Manager and/or vRealize LogInsight and/or vRealize Network Insight or other similar tools. You have at least 2+ years hands-on technical working experience with integrating monitoring tool with 3rd party solution, like ServiceNow GEMs or CMDB for automatic INC/Alerts filing. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with the architectural and/or deployment and/or operational support of VMware vSphere Hypervisor. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with Microsoft Windows Server 2012/2016/2019 administration and/or Red Hat Linux administration 7.x/8.x. You have at least 3+ years of hands-on technical working experience with the architectural design and/or deployment and/or operational support of Dell vxRail and/or Powerflex hyperconverged clusters or Nutanix HCI solutions. You have hands-on experience with VMware vRealize Automation You possess excellent communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills to both a business and technical audience Completion of a post-secondary education in Computer Science, Engineering or in a related technology-based stream. You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID138:
Design and deliver features end to end that are ‘serviceable’. Distributed computation, high scale, high availability, geo-redundancy, low maintenance and with provable quality Able to handle large scope and complicated feature ownership by working under self-driven initiatives with PM and across teams 5+ years software development experience with familiarity of at least one of OOP languages: C#/Java Strong coding and problem solving skills Able to ramp up new technologies fast Degree in CS or similar Server and/or service experience Experience in scalable and distributed computing Machine Learning experience Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
ScrapedJobID139:
Working closely with Amazon AWS every day. Crafting elegant Infrastructure as Code (IaC) modules (using Terraform) to ensure repeatable and maintainable cloud deployments. Improving containerized infrastructure behind our cutting-edge GraphQL microservice architecture in AWS (using ECS, Fargate, & more). Employing serverless solutions to achieve massive scale and reliability without breaking the bank. Spinning up, maintaining, monitoring, and securing a variety of data platforms, including PostgreSQL, MongoDB Atlas, Elasticsearch, or Redis – we believe in using the right tool for every job. Improving network design and AWS networking infrastructure to optimize for cost, performance, security and scalability. Developing tools and improving processes to make it easier for developers to ship code and work with our cloud resources. Jumping in on production incidents if they occur, and helping us learn and improve. Developing tools and practices to detect and defend us from infrastructure-centric security attacks: bots, DDOS attacks, and other evolving threats. Collaborating with stakeholders from across Neo to ensure secure, reliable, and scalable cloud solutions are available to everyone. A history of creating and maintaining cloud infrastructure professionally; you’ve deployed resources and managed active applications on a cloud provider like AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc. You know your way around the web console (and other tools) for one or more cloud service providers. Experience creating infrastructure with code, using Terraform, CloudFormation, CDK, Ansible, etc. Experience building CI/CD pipelines to automate how software moves from development to production. Understanding of how networks operate, how the internet works, how the web works, how data is transferred. Experience working professionally with common development tools like Git and Github. Strong scripting skills with Bash or similar; comfortable working in a Unix-based terminal environment. Working experience securing cloud deployments and APIs; familiarity with the systems of policies, roles or permissions in the cloud. Strong software development skills – we’re not picky about which language you’re best with, but programming is a big part of the role. Strong collaboration and communication skills; experience working within development teams and with outside stakeholders. Great problem-solving skills, and the ability to work and research independently to find the best way forward. Knowledge of the current tech ecosystem, state of the art trends and announcements. 
ScrapedJobID140:
Build enterprise platforms in Azure, AWS and GCP for the greater bank to support modern development techniques and architectures Leverage containerization technologies such as Kubernetes (AKS, EKS, OCP), Cloud Foundry to build multi cloud, multitenant platforms Deliver capabilities using practices such as Infrastructure as Code and GitOps Learn from a great team of fellow engineers in building real-world cloud scale solutions across public and private clouds Lead a team of like-minded platform engineers to build the cloud platforms as part of the RBC hybrid cloud strategy Promote automation and infrastructure best practices Fearlessly face challenging technical problems, use your superpowers to solve them, and help your peers by sharing your unique solutions Create awesome educational material for fellow engineers, like sample cloud native apps and starter code Continuously learn new technical skills and practice by applying them in your day-to-day work Leads the installation, upgrades and integration of the current and future Kubernetes platform(s), technologies and tools.
Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of third party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of third party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Design and implementation of highly available, scalable and resilient applications both for cloud native and non-cloud technologies stack
Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for the design, build, and implementation and stabilization phases of the project.
Manages all aspects of testing and verification ensuring all tasks are performed for all interfaces. Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for the design, build, and implementation and stabilization phases of the project. Manages all aspects of testing and verification ensuring all tasks are performed for all interfaces. Responsible for defining, planning and executing high level team activities, such as recommendations for architecture and process improvements
Recommends strategies to drive down cost and improve efficiencies with supported vendor software and written code to ensure optimal use of available resources. Recommends strategies to drive down cost and improve efficiencies with supported vendor software and written code to ensure optimal use of available resources. Provides direction to support staff in conducting performance tuning and capacity planning activities within the Cloud Infrastructure platform. A passion for making developers more efficient through DevOps, CI/CD, and Infrastructure as Code Experience with Infrastructure Automation and Infrastructure as Code 5 years experience as a Linux system administrator… ideally on RHEL Experience with container platforms. Ideally Kubernetes and/or Docker Communication skills necessary to work on a geographically distributed team. Experience developing software Experience working with Ansible, Git, Artifactory Experience working in a SAFe, Kanban, or Scrum development methodology Experience creating and manipulating YAML files 
ScrapedJobID141:
Building clients’ infrastructure deployment. Designing, scaling, and implementing an automated approach across all stages of Tecsys platform life cycle; Building a CI/CD Pipeline for our delivery process; Authoring deployment logic to address different scenarios and edge cases; Developing automation and tests for all our processes; Working with AWS services with an emphasis on complex, hybrid architectures; Monitor the various Tecsys’ server infrastructure systems and ensure their stability and maximize customer uptime. Drive towards efficient, scalable architectures for the Tecsys server infrastructure. Collaborate with developers to plan and build deployment automation and maintainability of larger Tecsys network. Provide technical infrastructure and platform support for our SaaS offering. Develop automation for routine system maintenance and monitoring. Participate in the development of administration standards and procedures. Research, innovate and improve cloud services offered to customers. Adhere to and enforce Change Management Processes. Participate in project planning and implementation. (design, implement & support). Planning and executing maintenance procedures. Document and automate incident response playbooks Response to incidents. Bachelor's degree required; or equivalent work experience. 4+ years production level experience for high volume and highly available distributed systems that are Java based or .Net based web platforms. 2+ years production level experience with various AWS or Azure cloud services (at least one) Demonstrated mastery in scripting (Ubuntu, grep, shell, bash, etc.) Clear understanding of Networking concepts (e.g Firewalls, NAT, Port, Subnetting, VPC, VPNs, DNS, etc) Experience with designing and owning production Unix container ecosystems (Docker, EKS or AKS, Kubernetes, service discovery, service registry) Proven track record of securely architecting and/or managing AWS (e.g. IAM, EC2, VPC, ELB, ALB, Autoscaling, Lambda) using Infrastructure as Code techniques such as CloudFormation,Terraform Excellent problem solving, organizational and communication skills Knowledge and experiences of AWS or Azure required (at least one of them) Knowledge of GitLab (enterprise license) preferred (or at minimum, Jenkins required) Knowledge of Terraform required Knowledge of Ansible required Knowledge of Kubernetes preferred Knowledge of Helm preferred Basic knowledge of Java- or .Net-based development required Experience with SaaS company is prefered Escalation on-call rotation Occasional travel (quarterly offsites, conferences – less than 10%) 
ScrapedJobID142:
Enthusiastic about great design Be a considerate, helpful contributor Professional experience building great software for Apple’s native platforms Experience communicating with customers, collaborating with technical/design teams, and senior management to define requirements and describe product features A passion for driving modern software engineering practices If you believe you have relevant transferable skills not listed on this posting, please share that information via a Cover Letter. 
ScrapedJobID143:
Customer obsession – Our people are relentless in the pursuit of truly exceptional customer experiences that are easy, insightful and trusted. Growth mindset – Our people focus on learning, improving and being open about change. Diverse and inclusive – We celebrate and leverage our cultural differences as it makes us a stronger organization and provides the best experience for our engineers and customers. One Microsoft – We believe in a boundary-less organization, unlocking the collective genius and building great experiences. Making a difference – We think beyond the traditional measures of business or individual success and believe that our work is purpose driven, improving lives worldwide. Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers. Be flexible to work in different shifts. Use trace analysis, source code, and other sophisticated debugging tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs; may involve writing code. Acquire & coordinate resources from other groups as needed to resolve customer issues. Manage hot issues by setting customer expectations, devising action plans, and professionally communicating to all parties involved. Share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently. Communicate technically complex information with Microsoft’s developer customers via telephone, written correspondence, and electronic services. Continually learn technologies and develop deep expertise in Microsoft products. Apply that knowledge to real-world programming problems. Create advanced technical content including Microsoft Knowledge Base articles, samples, whitepapers, and training. Own and Participate in regular technical triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and help them develop efficient solutions to their customers. Drive resolution of critical situations (CritSits) and ensure smooth execution through the life of the crisis by adherence to processes and guidelines. 2+ years of technical customer support experience or software development experience 2+ years of technical experience in the following: Knowledge of the .NET Framework and how to develop ASP.NET applications using C# or VB. Knowledge of MVC frameworks, particularly ASP.NET MVC. Knowledge of IIS configuration and how HTTP requests are handled by IIS. Knowledge of Azure App Services and Cloud Services is an added advantage. Preferences Understanding of how HTTP requests are handled end-to-end including HTTP headers, cookies, etc. Working knowledge of Visual Studio. Knowledge of HTML and CSS. Knowledge of PHP, Node.js, Java, JavaScript and popular frameworks such as WordPress, Joomla and Drupal is a plus Deep experience with Open Source Web technologies, troubleshooting and developing with Linux, NGINX, Apache, Java, Node, Python, PHP and Ruby Experience with customer Docker images and troubleshooting Docker BS in computer science or engineering preferred Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills, an ability to use various data collection tools and methodologies to analyze problems, determine root cause and develop solutions. Technical Leadership - handle technically challenging and politically sensitive customer situations Strong communications skills – excellent spoken and written English communication skills and the ability to present complex technical issues clearly and concisely to a general audience Ability to understand the customers best interests in terms of problem impact Passion for technology, problem solving, and customer supportability Ability to discovery, recognize and assess alternate solutions to a problem Ability to drive discussions remotely with authority Ability to work collaboratively Logical and Critical thinking Ability to develop and nurture relationships over long distances and remote technologies like Teams Ability to deal with ambiguity 
ScrapedJobID144:
Design, develop and operate large-scale data pipelines and services that meet goals of low latency, high availability, resiliency, security, and quality for an enterprise data warehouse. Proficiency with Lambda / Kappa architectural patters to design and operate the SASS platform. Strong AWS expertise, Containerization, Kubernetes clustering, Jenkins and scripting is a must. Deploy and maintain CI/CD pipelines across multiple environments. Automate schema updates/migration via common pipelines and pattern to be used by application teams in their deployment processes. Define best practices, work with data engineering teams on best practices and ensure they are followed. 8+ years of relevant work experience surrounding CI/CD, Automation, and data infrastructure operations. Demonstrated ability to manage and optimize AWS environments that support Polyglot persistence. Expertise in industry standard solutions, e.g., Kafka, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins programming, and scripting knowledge, e.g., Python, PowerShell, Bash. Expertise developing advanced CI/CD pipelines (dynamic data pipelines, automated testing, performance testing, etc.) Experience working on large scale ETL/ELT, APIs and Cloud Data Warehouses. Familiarity with software configuration management systems and source code version control systems. Good technical understanding of large-scale server and cloud infrastructures. Experience in writing and troubleshooting ETL/ELT jobs and complex database scripts. Develop monitors and build alerts around error conditions and performance. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science or related fields 
ScrapedJobID145:
Work on building and improving our tools for deploying, monitoring and managing our systems. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Proactively identify improvements to continually improve resilience. Analyze system problems including root cause determination and manage any needed recovery process to ensure a quick restoration of service without loss of data. Participate in on-call rotation. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar. 3+ years of relevant work experience. You have years of experience in one or many of the following careers: DevOps, Continuous Delivery/Release Engineer, Software Engineer (Python or Java), System Administration Experience automating software build, deployment and server configuration management using tools such as Jenkins. Expertise in Linux system administration, databases, web servers, and networking. Payfare runs on Kubernetes. A deep understanding of the internal workings of Kubernetes is considered a major asset to the success of this role. Working experience with Terraform is considered an asset. Experience using elements of Chaos Engineering to increase resiliency is a major plus. Experience with AWS and expertise in understanding how to utilize AWS to improve resiliency. Experience running code in production on public cloud resources. A deep curiosity that motivates you to keep on top of technical trends and informs your ability to suggest tools and approaches to interesting problems. The ability to empathize with and communicate clearly within the team, and to all the other parts of the business. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID146:
Responsible for HashiCorp Vault Enterprise platform supporting multiple teams/organizations Contributes to development of new secrets management solutioning principles and concepts. Expertise of engineering practices. Integrates broad working knowledge in related disciplines to create integrated engineering solutions for complex business situations. Advanced knowledge in Cloud (AWS/Azure) engineering and architecture, as well as automated application deployment and practical security methodology Proficiency and experience with concepts and technologies used in software development, operations, security, cloud, microservices, containers, and scheduling platforms Ability to work well in a highly dynamic environment that focuses on providing outstanding customer service Comfort working remotely and perform well given a high level of independence and autonomy Serves as senior engineering resource in cross functional teams dealing with challenging engineering problems and opportunities. Articulate technical functionality of Vault, Kubernetes and infrastructure platforms to multiple technical audiences. Educate and advise users on how to adopt the functionality of infrastructure platform products within their strategy and processes to achieve measurable value. Translate application team needs into technical solutions and product requirements. Influences decisions that impact critical long term IT strategy for organizational success. Provides thought leadership to ensure that systems and services are designed, and operating to achieve optimal levels of performance, reliability, and sustainability. Understands, identifies, and measures across multiple organizations. Supports/mentors skill development in team Demonstrates ability to coach team members around best practices for delivering high performant and scalable solutions. Mentors team members on secure coding best practices 7+ years of related work experience working in high performance or distributed systems, with direct work experience across a variety of Cloud Infrastructure disciplines. Expert experience working with AWS Cloud Infrastructure, HashiCorp Vault Enterprise, Kubernetes, CI/CD. Expert proficiency with Infrastructure as a Code (Terraform) based on recommended pattern Excellent communication and stakeholder management expertise to describe access control security policies across the business Experience/familiarity with CI/CD tools such as Bitbucket, git, Artifactory, and Jenkins and supporting platforms and services (hosting, monitoring, governance, and others) Proficiency and/or knowledge of coding against Rest API, JSON,etc. Deep familiarity with microservices architectures, and ideally have seen them in operation at a global scale Possess strong understanding of security principles Able to knowledgeably discuss performance, security, and user interactions in complex systems Built or operated a large-scale Cloud service Lean Agile mentality Ability to prioritize and be a self-starter Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID147:
Deliver: Design, implement and operate end-to-end product experiences, drive feature velocity, modularity, component reuse and performance/reliability, in close cooperation with multiple geographically distributed teams across Product, Design, User Research and Engineering teams to deliver complex, large-scale projects. Own: Complete end-to-end ownership through software lifecycle with strong focus on solution, code quality and efficiency is expected. Drive technical expertise: Optimize code/application for best performance. Use and promote state of the art technologies, tools and engineering practices; stay on top of latest industry trends, market and user dynamics. Understand product design and architecture, maintain overview of Teams ecosystem. Share and contribute: Support and guide less senior team members, contribute to team spirit and dynamic growth, actively participate in wider engineering group- and site-wide activities. 4+ years of software development experience in building and shipping production grade software and experience in at least one of the following languages: C++ C# Java TypeScript AngularJS and/or ReactJS BS Degree in CS or related engineering field Passionate about having a huge impact and delivering breakthrough customer value. Strong cross-discipline and cross group collaboration skills. Proven development experience in client-side web development including experience with JavaScript/Typescript. Passion for delivering high quality/delightful user experience Strong problem solving, debugging, and troubleshooting skills Committed to quality, including security, compliance and performance Ability to ramp up quickly on new technologies and adopt solution from within the company or from the Open Source community. 
ScrapedJobID148:
Work Collaboratively with senior engineers and other teammates to maintain the product and develop new features Integrate with Adobe Indesign, external CMS clients and internal APIs System monitoring, development phases documentation and error report generation Background in Software Development and Engineering Must have personal accountability with self-motivation 3+ years Python, CI and testing experience Experience deploying AWS Serverless technologies (eg. Lambda, Batch, Fargate) Proficiency in Swedish or Norwegian language 
ScrapedJobID149:
Extracting production data from various data sources, using that data to build out data model features and developing systems to serve data models in production. Architecting, designing and evaluating new approaches to deploy and sustain models in production. Applying AI/ML methods to massive data sets including real-time data streams. Designing, developing and enforcing best practices and standards around data engineering. Building, validating and deploying ML solutions that will help reinforce predictive and proactive dynamic optimizations in the dairy space. Taking ideas from inception to delivery, staying open-minded and looking beyond your stack to solve complex problems. 3+ years of experience working in machine learning and data engineering environments using associated data science/machine learning packages. Experience with cloud infrastructures, preferably AWS. Proven skills at driving system architecture from a ML perspective. Working knowledge with statistical machine learning algorithms or deep learning algorithms. Exceptional oral and written communication in English. Great communication skills no matter the audience (executive, management, team). Experience with data analysis tool sets in AWS (SageMaker, Data Lakes) Experience leveraging TensorFlow and/or time series forecasting Python knowledge including the use libraries such as Cykit, Pytorch or equivalents. Experience with agile project delivery. Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, or related technical area. Flexible work environment. You have the option to work remotely, even if you are located in proximity to one of our herdquarters. Autonomy and responsibility. We hire the best talent. We trust you to get the job done, how you do that is up to you. Career growth potential. Milk Moovement is a start-up so you'll have plenty of opportunities to make your mark on the product and the company from day one. An environment in which you are recognized and appreciated for what you do. Unlimited paid vacation, of which 2 weeks is required each year. It’s in the perks we want you to take it! Unlimited flex time for sick & mental health leave, volunteering, etc. to keep you feeling and working your best. Competitive salary structure. A piece of the pie (ESOP) - we want everyone to value and take pride in the work they do. Health and dental benefits. Monthly innovation day. Everyone works on their own creative project that may become part of the Milk Moovement system. More benefits to come as we continue to grow and add to our herd. And of course, unlimited cow/dairy puns! Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID150:
Cloud Engineering (cloud computing) experience with AWS, GCP, and/or Azure to include load balancing Infrastructure as a code (Terraform / Pulumi / Cloudformation) Designed and maintained CI/CD process and tools (CircleCI, GitLab, Jenkins) In-depth experience with the orchestration tools (Kubernetes) In-depth experience with the config management tools (Helm, Ansible, Chef Puppet) Testing, code review, good communication skills AWS Professional Certificates Kubernetes Certificates Google Cloud Certificates Azure Certificates Architect and integrate new applications along with occasional legacy applications Build and maintain, update tool for deployment, monitoring, operations, and security Troubleshoot and resolve issues in dev, testing, and production environments Structure and maintain software config management systems Scale for demand Work with high growth, technology clients Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Suggest improvements and enhancements Bring new features and services into production Competitive salary and bonuses, including performance-based salary increases. Generous paid-time-off policy Technology / Office stipend Health Coverage Flexible working hours Work remotely Continuing education, training, conferences Company-sponsored coursework, exams, and certifications 
ScrapedJobID151:
Extracting production data from various data sources, using that data to build out data model features and developing systems to serve data models in production. Architecting, designing and evaluating new approaches to deploy and sustain models in production. Applying AI/ML methods to massive data sets including real-time data streams. Designing, developing and enforcing best practices and standards around data engineering. Building, validating and deploying ML solutions that will help reinforce predictive and proactive dynamic optimizations in the dairy space. Taking ideas from inception to delivery, staying open-minded and looking beyond your stack to solve complex problems. 3+ years of experience working in machine learning and data engineering environments using associated data science/machine learning packages. Experience with cloud infrastructures, preferably AWS. Proven skills at driving system architecture from a ML perspective. Working knowledge with statistical machine learning algorithms or deep learning algorithms. Exceptional oral and written communication in English. Great communication skills no matter the audience (executive, management, team). Experience with data analysis tool sets in AWS (SageMaker, Data Lakes) Experience leveraging TensorFlow and/or time series forecasting Python knowledge including the use libraries such as Cykit, Pytorch or equivalents. Experience with agile project delivery. Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, or related technical area. Flexible work environment. You have the option to work remotely, even if you are located in proximity to one of our herdquarters. Autonomy and responsibility. We hire the best talent. We trust you to get the job done, how you do that is up to you. Career growth potential. Milk Moovement is a start-up so you'll have plenty of opportunities to make your mark on the product and the company from day one. An environment in which you are recognized and appreciated for what you do. Unlimited paid vacation, of which 2 weeks is required each year. It’s in the perks we want you to take it! Unlimited flex time for sick & mental health leave, volunteering, etc. to keep you feeling and working your best. Competitive salary structure. A piece of the pie (ESOP) - we want everyone to value and take pride in the work they do. Health and dental benefits. Monthly innovation day. Everyone works on their own creative project that may become part of the Milk Moovement system. More benefits to come as we continue to grow and add to our herd. And of course, unlimited cow/dairy puns! Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID152:
drive and determine the metrics that need to be monitored to proactively find issues in the fleet, work closely with engineering in the design phase to make sure you can plan the deployment model for the service. Negotiate with the teams to make coarse correction to deploy at scale, work with teams to Implement, maintain, and improve continuous integration environments and delivery models to quickly push changes into qa, test and production, own and lead initiatives to define, design, and implement DevOps solutions including architecture, estimates, and costing, architect, deploy and manage a scalable hosted service in Azure (AWS a plus), implement and maintain best practices and explore emerging concepts in DevOps, Infrastructure Automation, and Enterprise Security, address infrastructure security (like DDOS attacks, network segregation, penetration detection and mitigation, etc) and report on security posture to executives, continuously monitor security design of the infrastructure and the deployment architecture of the product and look for possible attacks from new threats, help in making the infrastructure ready for SOCs compliance, follow the release management, change management and incident management procedures to deploy securely in the SAAS environment, participate in the proposals, presentations, and statement of work activities, manage and maintain the Day-to-Day support for the Production application, environments, and data, provide guidance and expertise on system options, risk, impact and costs vs. benefits, manage and maintain Compliance and DRP implementation and testing, establish and maintain system health and statistics dashboards, assist with all stages of test data, Experience and success in Windows, Azure, and SQL Server Administration, Experience in the dev ops space or managing a saas/hosted service, Experience with an infosec team and an understanding of the security requirements of a SAAS environment, Exposure in pipeline building and played a key role in continuous integration/Deployment, Experience as a software developer or system administrator is a nice to have, Bachelor’s degree in areas such as computer science or engineering, electronics engineering, math or a STEM field is nice to have, Azure DevOps, Azure AD Tenants, Office 365, SQL Server TDE, Microsoft Hyper-V and VM management, Azure VMs and DBs (test), Microsoft Cert. Authority and Authentication, 
ScrapedJobID153:
Build enterprise platforms in Azure, AWS and GCP for the greater bank to support modern development techniques and architectures Leverage containerization technologies such as Kubernetes (AKS, EKS, OCP), Cloud Foundry to build multi cloud, multitenant platforms Deliver capabilities using practices such as Infrastructure as Code and GitOps Learn from a great team of fellow engineers in building real-world cloud scale solutions across public and private clouds Lead a team of like-minded platform engineers to build the cloud platforms as part of the RBC hybrid cloud strategy Promote automation and infrastructure best practices Fearlessly face challenging technical problems, use your superpowers to solve them, and help your peers by sharing your unique solutions Create awesome educational material for fellow engineers, like sample cloud native apps and starter code Continuously learn new technical skills and practice by applying them in your day-to-day work Leads the installation, upgrades and integration of the current and future Kubernetes platform(s), technologies and tools.
Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of third party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of third party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Design and implementation of highly available, scalable and resilient applications both for cloud native and non-cloud technologies stack
Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for the design, build, and implementation and stabilization phases of the project.
Manages all aspects of testing and verification ensuring all tasks are performed for all interfaces. Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for the design, build, and implementation and stabilization phases of the project. Manages all aspects of testing and verification ensuring all tasks are performed for all interfaces. Responsible for defining, planning and executing high level team activities, such as recommendations for architecture and process improvements
Recommends strategies to drive down cost and improve efficiencies with supported vendor software and written code to ensure optimal use of available resources. Recommends strategies to drive down cost and improve efficiencies with supported vendor software and written code to ensure optimal use of available resources. Provides direction to support staff in conducting performance tuning and capacity planning activities within the Cloud Infrastructure platform. A passion for making developers more efficient through DevOps, CI/CD, and Infrastructure as Code Experience with Infrastructure Automation and Infrastructure as Code 5 years experience as a Linux system administrator… ideally on RHEL Experience with container platforms. Ideally Kubernetes and/or Docker Communication skills necessary to work on a geographically distributed team. Experience developing software Experience working with Ansible, Git, Artifactory Experience working in a SAFe, Kanban, or Scrum development methodology Experience creating and manipulating YAML files 
ScrapedJobID154:
Design and implement collection system that is extremely high-volume, fault-tolerant, scalable backend systems that process and manage petabytes of customer data. Analyze and improve on the congestion control algorithms designed to elastically manage spikes in customer data. Analyze and improve the efficiency, scalability, and reliability of our backend systems. Write robust code; demonstrate its robustness through automated tests. Work as a member of a team, helping the team respond quickly and effectively to business needs. BS in Computer Sciences or a related discipline (MSc, or PhD is a plus). Minimum of 5+ years of experience deploying production level code, with a proven track record of ownership and delivery. Experience developing scalable distributed data processing solutions. Experience in multi-threaded programming. Experience in running large scalable distributed services following a microservice architecture. Hands-on object-oriented (Java or Scala) programming experience. Interest in developing elegant frameworks for other developers. Excellent verbal and written communication. What we do: Massive Scale: Mission: 
ScrapedJobID155:
Act as technical lead in designing, implementing and documentation for EKS platform Collaborate and drive continuous improvement with cross-functional teams on the development and evolution of technical and architectural roadmaps Designing, implementing and deploying core platform infrastructure and services across all environments Manage incidents as they occur and perform root cause analysis Write quality, clean and maintainable code in Terraform and Chef Providing day-to-day operational support of all infrastructure systems Supporting 24/7 production systems, including being part of an on-call rotation Maintaining system patches/upgrades to ensure for high availability, reliability and improved performance Maintain documentation related to infrastructure design and implementation Manage the configuration and review of infrastructure logging, alerting and monitoring Identify opportunities for automating tasks Educate technical staff on containerization best practices Experience with Docker containers, specifically Kubernetes, AWS EKS and ECS Experience with cloud hosting, specifically Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, ELB, CloudFront, etc.) Experience with Infrastructure-as-code like Terraform or Cloudformation Experience in multi-site, heterogeneous, large-scale enterprise or SaaS infrastructure Excellent working knowledge of TCP/IP and network topology design, implementation and troubleshooting Experience with Microsoft Windows and Linux Attention to details and high standard for quality Enthusiasm for modern technology, specifically Kubernetes Strong scripting skills (bash, ruby, powershell, etc) Ability to diagnose and resolve complex problems Excellent interpersonal verbal and written communication skills Experience writing documentation of systems, policies and procedures Demonstrate a high degree of integrity and trust along with the ability to work independently Experience managing database or data warehouse infrastructure Experience with configuration management in a cross platform environment; using Chef, Puppet or Ansible to manage and deploy applications to both Windows and Linux devices Advocated for and helped drive a modern technology stack Helped train and mentored technical staff AWS Professional level certifications Bachelor of Computer Science/Engineering Degree or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID156:
Strong programming skills with experience in API and Webhook development using Python, Ruby, PowerShell and Shell Scripting languages Experience with automating and integrating serverless PaaS solutions such as Azure App Service, Azure Databricks, Azure Data Lake, Azure Machine Learning, Write and use Azure RM templates and Terraform Understand DR/BCP options and how fits in overall application architecture Understand Azure security features (data protection, authentication, RBAC, etc) Understanding of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), handling public key and private key certificates in Azure environment for Paas services and applications Strong network skills, with the ability to troubleshoot Azure, DNS, Azure connectivity, NSG, routing Understand develop concepts related to deploying platform and databases via CI/CD pipeline Ensure that all cloud solutions follow internally defined security and compliance controls Implement the enterprise cloud capability and enhance the cloud orchestration platform for automated provisioning, management and scalability of hosts, containers, applications and cloud services Develop/Consume APIs, SDKs and Webhook for multi-directional integration of cloud orchestration platform with enterprise systems, DevOps Tools and cloud platforms Proficiency in cloud automation using native Azure CLI Ability to participate in fast-paced DevOps Engineering teams within Scrum agile processes A critical thinker with strong research and analytics skills Self-motivated with a positive attitude and an ability to work independently and in a team Able to work under tight timeline and deliver on complex problems Work with segments, to assist with application migrations to Azure 1- 3 years of experience developing platform orchestration code in Azure Python SDK, Terraform and GitHub Runners Demonstrated knowledge of cloud provisioning and administration, cloud bursting, cloud interoperability, cloud disaster recovery and business continuity strategies, as well as performance measurement and monitoring in the cloud Experience in Azure RBAC and integration with Active Directory and PingFed Must be a self-starter, demonstrated ability to take independent action to achieve results. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate clearly with all levels within the team Highly developed critical thinking, analytical and problem solving skills Advance knowledge of software development lifecycle and working in an Agile Scrum team Demonstrated effective leadership and analytical skill Desire to work collaboratively on high performing team, to move the organization forward Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID157:
Work on building and improving our tools for deploying, monitoring and managing our systems. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Proactively identify improvements to continually improve resilience. Analyze system problems including root cause determination and manage any needed recovery process to ensure a quick restoration of service without loss of data. Participate in on-call rotation. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar. 3+ years of relevant work experience. You have years of experience in one or many of the following careers: DevOps, Continuous Delivery/Release Engineer, Software Engineer (Python or Java), System Administration Experience automating software build, deployment and server configuration management using tools such as Jenkins. Expertise in Linux system administration, databases, web servers, and networking. Payfare runs on Kubernetes. A deep understanding of the internal workings of Kubernetes is considered a major asset to the success of this role. Working experience with Terraform is considered an asset. Experience using elements of Chaos Engineering to increase resiliency is a major plus. Experience with AWS and expertise in understanding how to utilize AWS to improve resiliency. Experience running code in production on public cloud resources. A deep curiosity that motivates you to keep on top of technical trends and informs your ability to suggest tools and approaches to interesting problems. The ability to empathize with and communicate clearly within the team, and to all the other parts of the business. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID158:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID159:
Work closely with client technical heads, business heads, and business analysts to understand and document business and technical requirements and constraints Participate and conduct requirements gathering sessions and other client-facing workshops to drive recommendations on design and build approach Design ETL processes on modern cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, or GCP) leveraging native or third-party services via a fit-for-purpose approach Apply best practices in data platform development via traditional DW or Lakehouse methodologies Assemble and optimize large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements for web application, BI or advanced analytics use-cases Working in an Agile manner to show results early and often to the client; have an iterative mindset toward development and be comfortable with uncertainty Bring experience in applying networking, security and other cloud infrastructure considerations around cloud data platforms 5+ years of data experience (e.g., SQL, databases, data insights) Experience using cloud native services (Azure, AWS, or GCP) – Azure preferred Experience in data ingestion and data processing of structured and non-structured data (e.g., Functions, Airflow, Python) Experience in data model design, data modelling and applying data architecture design SQL, ETL/ELT and analytics tool/language experience Experience in building batch and near-time data ingestion solutions (e.g., Kafka, Kinesis, etc.) Experience delivering data solutions as part of a consulting or professional services organization Related certifications and a track-record of continuous education and development AWS or GCP experience to augment Azure experience Experience with popular third-party data solutions (e.g., Snowflake, Databricks, etc.) Experience working in a DevOps environment Experience in application development / modernization Degree or professional certifications in Computer Science, IT, Analytics or similar field Work with a team of supportive, highly skilled professionals on leading edge technology A strong mentorship culture to help you grow and succeed professionally A flexible vacation policy where you decide how many vacation days you need Education & Training stipends to support your personal career goals Workspace and Technology Spending allowance to ensure you are set up to do your best work at home We are a remote-first company and always will be! 
ScrapedJobID160:
Cloud Engineering (cloud computing) experience with AWS, GCP, and/or Azure to include load balancing Infrastructure as a code (Terraform / Pulumi / Cloudformation) Designed and maintained CI/CD process and tools (CircleCI, GitLab, Jenkins) In-depth experience with the orchestration tools (Kubernetes) In-depth experience with the config management tools (Helm, Ansible, Chef Puppet) Testing, code review, good communication skills AWS Professional Certificates Kubernetes Certificates Google Cloud Certificates Azure Certificates Architect and integrate new applications along with occasional legacy applications Build and maintain, update tool for deployment, monitoring, operations, and security Troubleshoot and resolve issues in dev, testing, and production environments Structure and maintain software config management systems Scale for demand Work with high growth, technology clients Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Suggest improvements and enhancements Bring new features and services into production Competitive salary and bonuses, including performance-based salary increases. Generous paid-time-off policy Technology / Office stipend Health Coverage Flexible working hours Work remotely Continuing education, training, conferences Company-sponsored coursework, exams, and certifications 
ScrapedJobID161:
Manufacture Startup company C SQL Python Programming languages Software development SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID162:
Monitor the use of computer files or intellectual property to safeguard access to information Evaluate vulnerability and threats with clients, regularly performing required audits and tests Design and implement security-related tools and services by using and adapting existing methods and procedures Communicate with project teams about what’s required for process and technical improvements Work towards your team's goals within the strategic direction set by the project Travel as needed. Forward-thinking interpersonal skills; you can persuasively express your point of view whether it’s through a written or face-to-face presentation Knowledge of and interest in Microsoft security technologies and strategy Some experience with identity and access management principals, architecture and security management or securing network and enterprise cloud applications. Knowledge of Enterprise Mobility and Security Suite (EM+S), Advanced Threat Protection (ATP), Azure Information Protection (AIP) and Intune Knowledge of Azure Key Vault, Azure Security Center, OMS Proven implementation of cloud security models, particularly identity, network, and encryption 
ScrapedJobID163:
Primarily for support of AWS. AWS support, engineering and DevOps background is required Automation of builds, deployments, provisioning reducing manual efforts, always looking for continuous improvements Developing and managing CI/CD processes Supporting development teams in technical questions of continuous integration/continuous delivery and DevOps tools Monitoring and managing DevOps infrastructure and tools (Jenkins, Git, AZDO, SonarQube, Checkmarx, ELK etc) Able to research, architect and drive complex technical solutions, consisting of multiple technologies and cloud services. Experience operating and developing infrastructure(Terraform) and services in public cloud environments (preferably AWS) 3-5 years of experience in Build and Release software Strong knowledge of one or more scripting languages (Js, Python, PowerShell or Bash) Working experience in implementing CI/CD pipelines in public cloud (AWS is a plus) 
ScrapedJobID164:
059635 Qualifications: 7-10 years (3 years min relevant experience in the role) experience, Bachelor’s Degree. Must have experience in Software Engineering Techniques, Software Engineering Architecture, Software Engineering Lifecycle and Data Management. Should be proficient in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Software Engineering Leadership, Architecture Knowledge and Technical Solution Design. 
ScrapedJobID165:
Registration as a Professional Engineer (P. Eng.) by a provincial or territorial association Nuclear power Material handling Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Urban area Database software Project management software MS Office Computer-aided design (CAD) Cloud Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Reliability Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID166:
Creating full stack of space robotic software, from the lowest level real-time firmware to Contributing to technical activities ranging from ground and flight segment software Performing code reviews and testing to ensure software quality is high and Conducting research and development activities and keeping up with state-of-the-art Implementing perception, localization, control and machine learning algorithms for Diagnosing and repairing technical issues with a robot in the lab or in an outdoor Contributing to our office culture with a positive and start-up-oriented attitude– we Presenting results to customer and partnering organizations; Developing and proposing concepts to potential customers. Experience or demonstrated interest in machine vision, machine learning and/or deep Experience or demonstrated interest in developing software operating on real-time and Past hands-on experience or demonstrated interest in mobile robotics (e.g. UGVs, UAVs) Experience or demonstrated interest in front end and user experience design; Experience or demonstrated interest in virtual reality, mixed reality and augmented Mission Control is located in Ottawa, Ontario. Some travel may be required at certain times for this role. Be on the forefront of space exploration and the emerging commercial space industry Work to solve problems with a team of intelligent, fun people! Health/Vision/Dental benefits included Employee Stock Option plan for equity sharing Flexible working hours Work in a respectful and inclusive workplace. It is extremely important to us that all Cover letter and resume as a single PDF (required) Portfolio material, references, or other indications of exceptional past work (optional) As part of our commitment to an inclusive work environment, we accept and encourage 
ScrapedJobID167:
Work closely with diverse teams within the Technology Department to design and support operational infrastructure. Design and build process to maximize uptime while preventing customer facing issues. Automate infrastructure setup and configuration. Proactively monitor software systems and infrastructure performance while building better monitoring systems. Quickly identify, troubleshoot and solve technical issues. Document and communicate infrastructure changes to the Technology Team. Contribute to improving our software release process. Assist software teams in building standardized development environments. Be available for on-call support. Contribute to building a Cloud strategy for the future 5+ years experience performing similar accountabilities in an enterprise environment. Experience with AWS is essential. Strong background in Linux Server administration. Proven skills monitoring and managing scalable web clusters capable of handling variable load. Strong database administration and tuning skills, including clustering and replication. Proficient in Bash scripting, knowledge of Python would be an asset. Operational experience with applications in our stack is essential such as Python, Go, uWSGI, nginx, Postgresql, SQS, RabbitMQ, ElasticSearch, Redis, Celery and Django. Operational experience with one or more automation and infrastructure provisioning tools such as Ansible, Terraform Operational experience with one or more monitoring/logging tools such as Sentry, Datadog, AWS Cloudwatch. Operational experience with one or more CI/CD tools such as Circle CI. Familiar with Containerization and Virtualization technologies such as AWS ECS, Kubernetes, Docker and VMware. Clear understanding of networking technologies including CDNs, Routers, Load Balancers, Firewalls, WAF and DNS. Experience with Git. Knowledge of security best practices, implementation and monitoring. Excellent communication skills, able to effectively convey technical concepts to non-technical people. Strong work ethic, able to work independently or as part of a team. 
ScrapedJobID168:
Designing and implementing a solution for operations, configuration and maintenance of application stack (Spring Boot, Database, K8S cluster, etc.) for customer on SAP C4C Cloud platform in public cloud Developing, managing and maintaining the SAP C4C Cloud automation platform to ensure all deployments and upgrades of relevant applications are performed smoothly Ensuring a sustainable high quality of services for customer C4C sites though proactive monitoring, planning and automation initiatives Troubleshooting and orientating resolutions to complex technical problems across multiple tiers Planning, reviewing and executing continuous system changes and improvements Developing and maintaining technical documentation in a highly readable manner In-depth application bottleneck diagnosis and platform performance tuning using APM and Database tools Acting as an escalation point for all technical issues related to the platform during the on-call shift or customer events Coaching junior colleagues and acting as subject-matter-expert driving one or more topics Continuous process re-engineering and improvement in an agile manner Minimum of bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (preferably Computer Science or related disciplines), or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years direct experience in a similar role with cloud-oriented mentality Extensive experience with large-scale cloud-base application deployments across high availability cloud (public and/or private) infrastructure Good understanding of Microservices Architecture, Cloud Native Application and implementation best practices Experts in one or more of these technologies or areas: Kubernetes, Istio, API Gateway, HANA Cloud, MongoDB, Kafka, ElasticSearch. Solid understanding of common web protocols Highly skilled in CI/CD tools (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, Rundeck) and scripting (e.g. Python, Shell) Good understanding of RDBMS, such as SAP HANA, MSSQL and MySQL, especially in performance tuning area Moderate understanding of C4C solutions and implementation best practices Highly customer-focused attitude, with natural ability to engage with customers and manage stakeholders Profound experience working in managed services or a cloud-based service provider like Azure or GCP Ability to multitask and prioritize tasks even under stressful conditions Professional efficiency in English (both verbal and written) Availability to on-occasion flexible working hours, as well as occasional participation in off-hour on-call support rotations AWS, Azure, GCP, AliCloud public cloud solutions Experience in C4C framework Web/Mobile application and software developing experience Understanding of JVM optimization, tuning and debugging VMWare stack for private cloud: Hypervisor, NSX and vCenter Application performance tuning and APM tools such as Dynatrace Database performance tuning for SAP HANA and/or MSSQL ITIL Certification(s) Scrum Certification(s) Experience in project management 
ScrapedJobID169:
Master the entire application life-cycle including research, design, development, testing, along with continuous deployment and delivery. Develop complex, highly available, distributed, cloud-based solutions, and maintain its high level of quality software. Add exciting new features to our world-class platform enabling competitions, tournaments, and social features for players, spectators, and streamers around the world. Collaborate with teammates who care about building great products as much as you do. Have the ability to work in a dynamic agile development environment, as members of the team play a role in the entire life cycle of development. Software development experience in one or more general-purpose programming languages such as Java, Golang, or C++. Experience with cloud-based datastore technologies such as RDS, Redis, DynamoDB, and ElasticSearch including design and optimization. Experience working with one or more: Docker, Kubernetes, public clouds (i.e. AWS, GCP), Spring Boot, Microservices, CI/CD technologies, distributed systems. Ability to troubleshoot, debug, and solve the complex problems that distributed, scalable systems introduce. 
ScrapedJobID170:
Architect and implement cloud-based DevOps solutions, including but not limited to -automated infrastructure provisioning, CI/CD pipelines, compliance and security solutions, container-based technologies Act as DevOps subject matter expert when working with client teams (Development, Engineering, Operations, Infrastructure) Evangelize the value of DevOps best practices, capabilities and culture Understand and implement solutions in alignment with Site Reliability Engineering principles Train and enable clients on the new processes and tooling and provide support as needed. Stay up to date with current technologies and cloud-based services Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical field of study Direct experience working closely with clients in all stages of project completion, including pre-sales, requirements gathering (discovery) and solution delivery Experience writing infrastructure code for cloud environments in Google Cloud Platform, AWS and / or Azure. Deep understanding of DevOps Best Practices Experience with implementing and managing cloud-based infrastructure in production. Experience with writing infrastructure as code with HashiCorp Terraform. Experience with container orchestration technologies, specifically Kubernetes and ECS, OpenShift Experience building CI/CD pipelines Experience architecting and building auditable infrastructure, adhering to security best practices Strong scripting/development knowledge (Ex. Bash/Python/Ruby/Perl) Ability to explain technical solutions in layman terms A strong problem-solving attitude Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Experience with infrastructure and testing frameworks Experience with logging and monitoring tooling Deep understanding of the SDLC Experience working in Agile methodologies Wellness:  Benefits from day 1, 2% RRSP Matching program, a $500 fitness reimbursement, and competitive PTO policy Work-Life Balance:  Flexible hours & work from home opportunities Growth:  Continuous learning through conferences, courses, and certifications – we’ve got you covered Great people:  We pride ourselves on hiring smart, kind, and supportive teammates Monthly Socials:  Even though we are currently working fully remotely, we have tons of team bonding opportunities through regular donut dates, social hours, trivia nights, and more fun events because our culture and values still remain at the core of everything we do! 
ScrapedJobID171:

ScrapedJobID172:
Write product code along with test automation to deliver against project timescales, quality and requirements Participate in software design in line with technical strategy, quality and functionality Provide clear updates on progress against assigned tasks Build and maintain an effective relationship with team members Estimate time and resource allocation for product requirements as related to individual projects Experience developing code in any language Ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to the role Natural problem solver who enjoys being challenged Ability to organize own time to deliver against tasks set by others Ability to build stable and useful working relationships Experience writing software using C, C++ or similar Scripting using Python Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID173:
Develop, construct, test and maintain ETL/ELT architectures Under direction from the Architects, ensure development work aligns with business requirements. Develop data acquisition and ingestion for ETL data pipelines using frameworks like HVR, attunity, debezium, etc. Proficient with ETL tools e.g., Informatica/DataStage/Fivetran/dbt/Matallion to build and deploy data ingestion and transformation pipelines in the cloud. One or more ETL tools will be used for the purpose of constructing ETL pipelines in the cloud. Use enterprise orchestration tools e.g., CA7/Control M/airflow etc. for scheduling ETL jobs Perform migration from ETL to ELT paradigm for data pipelines. Proficient with translating ETL using provided Source to Target documentation and from one ETL tool to another. Responsible for conversion of ETL Tools or re-directing ETL Jobs to utilize the cloud-based databases for e.g., Snowflake, Databricks Delta, Redshift, or Synapse. Identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality. Deliver updates to stakeholders based on analytics. Must be an excellent communicator in terms of status and raising issues that might impact projects to either project or account management. While not engaged, work on internal projects and learning exercises to extend your technical knowledge and skills by working with standard stack and new tools. Work on internal tech aimed to help build new technical practices. Participation is encouraged to assigned training and obtain certifications as identified by the ITT department and/or NTT DATA Professional Growth Manager. Very good verbal and written communication skills Capable of working autonomously with minimal oversight Willing to raise issues to NTT DATA or client management as required, clearly defining the issue and potential solutions Common sense approach to problems Experience writing code in python Experience with implementing (developing and deploying) ETL solutions using technologies such as Informatica/Talend/Pentaho/Datastage/SSIS Experience with Cloud-based tooling e.g., AWS Glue, Azure data factory, google data flow, DBT, Fivetran, matallion etc. into Oracle exadata/Netezza/Teradata and Snowflake/Big query/Redshift/synapse. Experience with building data pipelines - using a variety of different technologies, e.g., Informatica, Matillion, dbt, DataStage, etc. (one or more required) Candidates must have direct work experience developing and deploying ELT or ETL pipelines on-premises using legacy ETL architectures e.g., Informatica or Oracle or Datastage or Netezza, etc. At least one project where they implemented the full cloud data pipeline documented on their resume Very strong understanding of SQL (3-6 years) Sound experience around data warehousing fundamentals e.g., Star schema, slowly changing dimensions, change data capture, late-arriving foreign keys, data pipeline parallelism, optimized target load strategies, etc. Experience gathering and tracking requirements Results-oriented, self-motivated, autonomous Comfortable in working in a virtual environment (i.e., conference calls) Open-source contributions of any sort. Experience creating performance dashboards and scorecards using business intelligence dashboards such as SpotFire, Tableau, PowerBI, Cognos, MicroStrategy, etc. Data cataloging and governance techniques. Strong Agile methodology knowledge. Drive for continuous process improvement. 
ScrapedJobID174:
Develop automated dev-ops deployments with CI/CD best practices Support & maintaining cloud deployments Work with development and delivery teams to improve deployment processes Consistently produce high-quality deliverables in a timely manner Work within a team structure as well as independently to complete deliverables Communicate effectively, both verbal and written Cloud services (Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, Google Cloud Platform, IBM Cloud, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, etc.) CI/CD platforms (Azure Devops, Jenkins, CircleCi, Teamcity, Bamboo, etc.) Scripting languages (Bash, Powershell, Python, GO) Orchestration and Automation Tools (Git, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Terraform, Kubernetes) Virtualization (VMware, KVM) SQL or NoSQL databases Troubleshooting using monitoring and observability tools such as DataDog, Prometheus, Graphana, Sysdig, etc. Microsoft Azure Services (Service Bus/Queueing, AppServices, Storage, VMs, Azure Functions, etc.) Cloud based structured logging / monitoring aggregating frameworks (Azure Log Analytics, DataDog, Prometheus, Graphana, Sumo Logic, etc.) Azure DevOps/Git – release and branching strategies, pull requests, pipline and release scripts Experience with search engine and NoSQL databases such as ElasticSearch or MongoDB Knowledge of IP networking, VPN’s, load balancing and firewalls Experience with development and automated testing Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time Ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID175:
An interest in working at a stable, small (but growing!) SaaS company A diploma or degree in a relevant field Hands-on experience with AWS (CloudFormation, ElastiCache, S3, RDS, SQS, EC2, VPC, EBS… ABC, IOU, LOL) Understanding and familiarity with one or more cyber security frameworks (your choice, come and tell us what you know) In-depth knowledge of web technologies and networking Working knowledge of ASP.NET and C# Reviewing, maintaining and optimizing our AWS infrastructure Working with software developers to devise, coordinate and deploy infrastructure changes Performing security reviews and penetration testing of APIs, network configurations, etc. (both onsite and cloud infrastructure) Ensuring best practices for data security Working with external service providers when necessary to ensure smooth email delivery from our SaaS platform On-call, incident response and incident management Automating as much as possible Free snacks and coffee – are you Team Hazelnut or Team Regular? Company social events throughout the year – significant others welcome! Cool company swag when we reach milestones – check our IG to see some of our past swag Comprehensive health benefits plan – now you can stop putting off that dentist appointment! 
ScrapedJobID176:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, and solid years of relevant experience. 5+ years of experience with and detailed knowledge of data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments, data structures. 5+ years of experience with relational and star schema data modelling concepts with a solid knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL. 2+ years of large IT project delivery for BI oriented projects. 2+ years of working with very large data warehousing environment Work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions to support analytical and reporting needs. Design and implement reporting solutions enabling stakeholders to manage the business and make effective decisions. Conduct ad hoc data analysis and data quality investigations. Implement training and documentation solutions that enable business stakeholders to get the most out of our self-serve reporting tools. Develop and support the analytical technologies that give our customers timely, flexible and structured access to their data. Design and implement an analytical environment using third-party and in-house reporting tools, modeling metadata, building reports and dashboards. Experience in designing and delivering cross functional custom reporting solutions. Experience with Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) databases - Redshift (preferred) Experience with an enterprise class BI tool like MicroStrategy(preferred), Business Objects Experience with reporting tools - Tableau (preferred), OBIEE Excellent oral and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Proven ability to meet tight deadlines, multi-task, and prioritize workload A work ethic based on a strong desire to exceed expectations. - Strong analytical skills 
ScrapedJobID177:
Work within a team of like-minded professionals to plan, deploy, and maintain critical business applications. Develop and maintain our Kubernetes cluster Support implementation of cloud products through architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, backups, etc. Understand how IT operations are managed, identify recurring issues, and work with IT & Business partners to remediate using the problem management process. Utilize various open source technologies Use various tools to orchestrate solutions Build independent web based tools, microservices and solutions Write scripts and automation using Perl/Python/Groovy/Java/Bash Configure and manage data sources like MySQL Manage source control including SVN and GIT Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required Strong understanding of DevOps engineering best practices Experience with:
Implementing and managing Kubernetes
Cloud infrastructure
CI/CD At least 2+ years of hands-on experience as an SRE or Devops Engineer 2+ years cloud networking experience and working in a DevOps environment Strong background in Linux / Unix Administration Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services A working understanding of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby) Have an understanding of server architecture, DNS, ipv4/ipv6, acl Strong critical thinker with problem solving aptitude. MariaDB, Elastic Search, Redis Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. General banking knowledge or knowledge related to Wealth Management / Private banking Health & Dental Benefits featuring Virtual Care Annual Wellness Spending Account Remote Work Opportunities Employee Stock Option Purchase Plan Internet Subsidy Social Committee Activities Professional Development Competitive Salaries - we want to pay you fairly based on your experience and expertise, not your ability to negotiate! Cabana Days - 8 additional paid days off annually Tiki Bucks Incentive Program A People First Company - 4.8 rating on Glassdoor 
ScrapedJobID178:
delivering transformational changes at an organizational level through processes and workflows. Knowledge of Waterfall and Agile delivery methodologies. Experience with Systems Software Infrastructure including knowledge of the existing and planned software technology and the global, regional and local software architecture and infrastructure components. IT Standards, Policies and Procedures ability to use and administer the organization's technology practices, standards and procedures appropriately to diverse situations. Facilitate Configuration and work with Release Management tools. Provide automation expertise within core automation DevOPS tool chain and orchestration expertise in SSP, Provisioning, Public cloud, preferably with experience in ServiceNow, Ansible and Open Source Software such as Openshift Container Platform (OCP), familiarity with tools such as GitHub, JIRA, Confluence, and Continuous Integration (CI) systems. understanding of Microsoft's Azure, Azure ARM Templating, Azure DevOps Pipeline implementation of “infrastructure as code” deliveries, and templating/delivery of Firewalls, Azure ExpressRoute & IPSec Tunnels, Azure Virtual WAN, WAF and other network and security components of Azure 
ScrapedJobID179:
Take end-to-end ownership of the features. Research, architect, implement and help drive innovative solutions. Actively share knowledge and document insights to support continuous team improvement and collaboration. Act as a mentor throughout the software development process. Partner and collaborate with other functions and teams. Consulting with management on the operational requirements of software solutions. Contributing expertise on information system options, risk, and operational impact. Mentoring junior software developers in gaining experience and assuming DevSecOps responsibilities. Managing the installation and configuration of solutions. Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostic tests. Documenting processes and monitoring performance metrics. Conforming to best practices in DevOps and Security. 3+ years of experience working in one of the following (or similar) capacities: DevSecOps Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). Software Development Engineers with DevSecOps experience are also encouraged to apply. Coding and scripting experience in Python, and Bash (bonus points for Ruby). Hands-on experience with container technologies, Docker, and Docker-Compose. Highly proficient with DevSecOps concepts and technologies. Experience deploying and managing web applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Heroku. Familiarity and experience with one or more of the following systems: CI/CD (CircleCI, Gitlab CICD, or similar), Logging (Sumologic, or similar), and Observability tooling (Datadog, or similar). Experience with production incidents: investigation, resolution, and root cause analysis. Experience with configuration management and IaC (Infrastructure as Code) tools (e.g., AWS CDK, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible) Strong communication skills and ability to build lasting relationships between functional teams Experience in a 24/7/365 environment Experience with AWS CDK and Cloudformation Extensive experience with AWS services of ECS Fargate, Route 53, S3, IAM, KMS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, MWAA, Sagemaker Experience with AWS serverless services (e.g. Lambda, ECS, MWAA, S3, …) * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID180:
Design, document, develop, test and deploy new ML learning models. Maintain, update pre-built models. Take ownership of the project's data. Build end to end ML pipelines with automation for continuous training and continuous deployments. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Proven record of finishing projects where the work spans several months. Familiar with the entire lifecycle of a data science project from data exploration, modeling and analysis, to model selection, validation, evaluation, and deployment. Experience in cleaning, filtering, and re-factoring complex data from different sources. 3+ years development experience in Python. 3+ years of experience working with data, and modeling. Professional command of ML tool sets in Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn). Experience with computer vision and deep learning frameworks (tensorflow, pytorch, darknet). BS degree, or College Diploma in Computer Science or related. A link to your Github/Gitlab account Experience with other programming languages. Experience with building and automating end-to-end machine learning pipeline on any of the clouds AWS/GCP/Azure is a strong plus Experience participating and contributing to open source projects. Knowledge of cloud computing. Good understanding of OS concepts, networking and bash scripting. Only resumes in PDF format will be reviewed. 8 hour shift Link to your Github/Gitlab account ML: 3 years (preferred) Object-Oriented Programming: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID181:
Write product code along with test automation to deliver against project timescales, quality and requirements Participate in software design in line with technical strategy, quality and functionality Provide clear updates on progress against assigned tasks Build and maintain an effective relationship with team members Estimate time and resource allocation for product requirements as related to individual projects Experience developing code in any language Ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to the role Natural problem solver who enjoys being challenged Ability to organize own time to deliver against tasks set by others Ability to build stable and useful working relationships Experience writing software using C, C++ or similar Scripting using Python Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID182:
Develop, construct, test and maintain ETL/ELT architectures Under direction from the Architects, ensure development work aligns with business requirements. Develop data acquisition and ingestion for ETL data pipelines using frameworks like HVR, attunity, debezium, etc. Proficient with ETL tools e.g., Informatica/DataStage/Fivetran/dbt/Matallion to build and deploy data ingestion and transformation pipelines in the cloud. One or more ETL tools will be used for the purpose of constructing ETL pipelines in the cloud. Use enterprise orchestration tools e.g., CA7/Control M/airflow etc. for scheduling ETL jobs Perform migration from ETL to ELT paradigm for data pipelines. Proficient with translating ETL using provided Source to Target documentation and from one ETL tool to another. Responsible for conversion of ETL Tools or re-directing ETL Jobs to utilize the cloud-based databases for e.g., Snowflake, Databricks Delta, Redshift, or Synapse. Identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality. Deliver updates to stakeholders based on analytics. Must be an excellent communicator in terms of status and raising issues that might impact projects to either project or account management. While not engaged, work on internal projects and learning exercises to extend your technical knowledge and skills by working with standard stack and new tools. Work on internal tech aimed to help build new technical practices. Participation is encouraged to assigned training and obtain certifications as identified by the ITT department and/or NTT DATA Professional Growth Manager. Very good verbal and written communication skills Capable of working autonomously with minimal oversight Willing to raise issues to NTT DATA or client management as required, clearly defining the issue and potential solutions Common sense approach to problems Experience writing code in python Experience with implementing (developing and deploying) ETL solutions using technologies such as Informatica/Talend/Pentaho/Datastage/SSIS Experience with Cloud-based tooling e.g., AWS Glue, Azure data factory, google data flow, DBT, Fivetran, matallion etc. into Oracle exadata/Netezza/Teradata and Snowflake/Big query/Redshift/synapse. Experience with building data pipelines - using a variety of different technologies, e.g., Informatica, Matillion, dbt, DataStage, etc. (one or more required) Candidates must have direct work experience developing and deploying ELT or ETL pipelines on-premises using legacy ETL architectures e.g., Informatica or Oracle or Datastage or Netezza, etc. At least one project where they implemented the full cloud data pipeline documented on their resume Very strong understanding of SQL (3-6 years) Sound experience around data warehousing fundamentals e.g., Star schema, slowly changing dimensions, change data capture, late-arriving foreign keys, data pipeline parallelism, optimized target load strategies, etc. Experience gathering and tracking requirements Results-oriented, self-motivated, autonomous Comfortable in working in a virtual environment (i.e., conference calls) Open-source contributions of any sort. Experience creating performance dashboards and scorecards using business intelligence dashboards such as SpotFire, Tableau, PowerBI, Cognos, MicroStrategy, etc. Data cataloging and governance techniques. Strong Agile methodology knowledge. Drive for continuous process improvement. 
ScrapedJobID183:
Develop automated dev-ops deployments with CI/CD best practices Support & maintaining cloud deployments Work with development and delivery teams to improve deployment processes Consistently produce high-quality deliverables in a timely manner Work within a team structure as well as independently to complete deliverables Communicate effectively, both verbal and written Cloud services (Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, Google Cloud Platform, IBM Cloud, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, etc.) CI/CD platforms (Azure Devops, Jenkins, CircleCi, Teamcity, Bamboo, etc.) Scripting languages (Bash, Powershell, Python, GO) Orchestration and Automation Tools (Git, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Terraform, Kubernetes) Virtualization (VMware, KVM) SQL or NoSQL databases Troubleshooting using monitoring and observability tools such as DataDog, Prometheus, Graphana, Sysdig, etc. Microsoft Azure Services (Service Bus/Queueing, AppServices, Storage, VMs, Azure Functions, etc.) Cloud based structured logging / monitoring aggregating frameworks (Azure Log Analytics, DataDog, Prometheus, Graphana, Sumo Logic, etc.) Azure DevOps/Git – release and branching strategies, pull requests, pipline and release scripts Experience with search engine and NoSQL databases such as ElasticSearch or MongoDB Knowledge of IP networking, VPN’s, load balancing and firewalls Experience with development and automated testing Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time Ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID184:
An interest in working at a stable, small (but growing!) SaaS company A diploma or degree in a relevant field Hands-on experience with AWS (CloudFormation, ElastiCache, S3, RDS, SQS, EC2, VPC, EBS… ABC, IOU, LOL) Understanding and familiarity with one or more cyber security frameworks (your choice, come and tell us what you know) In-depth knowledge of web technologies and networking Working knowledge of ASP.NET and C# Reviewing, maintaining and optimizing our AWS infrastructure Working with software developers to devise, coordinate and deploy infrastructure changes Performing security reviews and penetration testing of APIs, network configurations, etc. (both onsite and cloud infrastructure) Ensuring best practices for data security Working with external service providers when necessary to ensure smooth email delivery from our SaaS platform On-call, incident response and incident management Automating as much as possible Free snacks and coffee – are you Team Hazelnut or Team Regular? Company social events throughout the year – significant others welcome! Cool company swag when we reach milestones – check our IG to see some of our past swag Comprehensive health benefits plan – now you can stop putting off that dentist appointment! 
ScrapedJobID185:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, and solid years of relevant experience. 5+ years of experience with and detailed knowledge of data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools and environments, data structures. 5+ years of experience with relational and star schema data modelling concepts with a solid knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL. 2+ years of large IT project delivery for BI oriented projects. 2+ years of working with very large data warehousing environment Work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions to support analytical and reporting needs. Design and implement reporting solutions enabling stakeholders to manage the business and make effective decisions. Conduct ad hoc data analysis and data quality investigations. Implement training and documentation solutions that enable business stakeholders to get the most out of our self-serve reporting tools. Develop and support the analytical technologies that give our customers timely, flexible and structured access to their data. Design and implement an analytical environment using third-party and in-house reporting tools, modeling metadata, building reports and dashboards. Experience in designing and delivering cross functional custom reporting solutions. Experience with Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) databases - Redshift (preferred) Experience with an enterprise class BI tool like MicroStrategy(preferred), Business Objects Experience with reporting tools - Tableau (preferred), OBIEE Excellent oral and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Proven ability to meet tight deadlines, multi-task, and prioritize workload A work ethic based on a strong desire to exceed expectations. - Strong analytical skills 
ScrapedJobID186:
Work within a team of like-minded professionals to plan, deploy, and maintain critical business applications. Develop and maintain our Kubernetes cluster Support implementation of cloud products through architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring, backups, etc. Understand how IT operations are managed, identify recurring issues, and work with IT & Business partners to remediate using the problem management process. Utilize various open source technologies Use various tools to orchestrate solutions Build independent web based tools, microservices and solutions Write scripts and automation using Perl/Python/Groovy/Java/Bash Configure and manage data sources like MySQL Manage source control including SVN and GIT Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required Strong understanding of DevOps engineering best practices Experience with:
Implementing and managing Kubernetes
Cloud infrastructure
CI/CD At least 2+ years of hands-on experience as an SRE or Devops Engineer 2+ years cloud networking experience and working in a DevOps environment Strong background in Linux / Unix Administration Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services A working understanding of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby) Have an understanding of server architecture, DNS, ipv4/ipv6, acl Strong critical thinker with problem solving aptitude. MariaDB, Elastic Search, Redis Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. General banking knowledge or knowledge related to Wealth Management / Private banking Health & Dental Benefits featuring Virtual Care Annual Wellness Spending Account Remote Work Opportunities Employee Stock Option Purchase Plan Internet Subsidy Social Committee Activities Professional Development Competitive Salaries - we want to pay you fairly based on your experience and expertise, not your ability to negotiate! Cabana Days - 8 additional paid days off annually Tiki Bucks Incentive Program A People First Company - 4.8 rating on Glassdoor 
ScrapedJobID187:
delivering transformational changes at an organizational level through processes and workflows. Knowledge of Waterfall and Agile delivery methodologies. Experience with Systems Software Infrastructure including knowledge of the existing and planned software technology and the global, regional and local software architecture and infrastructure components. IT Standards, Policies and Procedures ability to use and administer the organization's technology practices, standards and procedures appropriately to diverse situations. Facilitate Configuration and work with Release Management tools. Provide automation expertise within core automation DevOPS tool chain and orchestration expertise in SSP, Provisioning, Public cloud, preferably with experience in ServiceNow, Ansible and Open Source Software such as Openshift Container Platform (OCP), familiarity with tools such as GitHub, JIRA, Confluence, and Continuous Integration (CI) systems. understanding of Microsoft's Azure, Azure ARM Templating, Azure DevOps Pipeline implementation of “infrastructure as code” deliveries, and templating/delivery of Firewalls, Azure ExpressRoute & IPSec Tunnels, Azure Virtual WAN, WAF and other network and security components of Azure 
ScrapedJobID188:
Take ownership of the entire agent onboarding transition process with systematic follow up to keep the process moving forward Respond in a timely manner to Onboarding & Agent Experience team members to assist in an agent’s onboarding process; Contact agents as needed to ensure a positive transition to eXp Realty; Work closely with provincial broker teams and agent to eliminate any unnecessary delays in onboarding; Work closely with the Growth & Expansion Team to coordinate team documentation as required’ Collaborate with Growth & Expansion with a focus to streamline and improve systems for team onboarding; Assist Onboarding & Agent Experience as needed; Monitor and address those agents and team members in various stages of being ‘in process’ and proactively take steps to move them forward, including phone communication. This is critical. Assist with communications with joining agents as required; Assist with the collection of joining documents ; Have a thorough understanding of all team documents; Thoroughly comprehend the set up of teams in Enterprise and assist Growth & Expansion with the management of same; Communicate effectively with provincial administrators regarding payplan adjustments; Assist General Onboarding with the coordination of joining teams; Update trello cards and checklists as required ; Assist joining/team agents with the transfer process, including any required provincial licensing steps and MLS memberships; and Other Tasks as required to ensure joining agents/team members transition smoothly. Enjoys collaborating with a team but also working independently; Superior people skills including the ability to engage in difficult conversations; Systematic approach to details and information management; Ability to thrive both independently and as a vital member of a team; Willingness to learn new skills and engage in agile practices; Is self- organized and self-motivated; Close attention to detail and excellent grammar; Works quickly, with a sense of urgency to complete all documentation and tasks; and Able to manage very fast work-flow and maintain a professional disposition 
ScrapedJobID189:
Take end-to-end ownership of the features. Research, architect, implement and help drive innovative solutions. Actively share knowledge and document insights to support continuous team improvement and collaboration. Act as a mentor throughout the software development process. Partner and collaborate with other functions and teams. Consulting with management on the operational requirements of software solutions. Contributing expertise on information system options, risk, and operational impact. Mentoring junior software developers in gaining experience and assuming DevSecOps responsibilities. Managing the installation and configuration of solutions. Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostic tests. Documenting processes and monitoring performance metrics. Conforming to best practices in DevOps and Security. 3+ years of experience working in one of the following (or similar) capacities: DevSecOps Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). Software Development Engineers with DevSecOps experience are also encouraged to apply. Coding and scripting experience in Python, and Bash (bonus points for Ruby). Hands-on experience with container technologies, Docker, and Docker-Compose. Highly proficient with DevSecOps concepts and technologies. Experience deploying and managing web applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Heroku. Familiarity and experience with one or more of the following systems: CI/CD (CircleCI, Gitlab CICD, or similar), Logging (Sumologic, or similar), and Observability tooling (Datadog, or similar). Experience with production incidents: investigation, resolution, and root cause analysis. Experience with configuration management and IaC (Infrastructure as Code) tools (e.g., AWS CDK, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible) Strong communication skills and ability to build lasting relationships between functional teams Experience in a 24/7/365 environment Experience with AWS CDK and Cloudformation Extensive experience with AWS services of ECS Fargate, Route 53, S3, IAM, KMS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, MWAA, Sagemaker Experience with AWS serverless services (e.g. Lambda, ECS, MWAA, S3, …) * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID190:
Designs and implements strategies for collaboration, code, infrastructure, source control, security, compliance, continuous integration, testing, delivery, monitoring, and feedback Develops strategy and plan for instrumentation, site reliability engineering, security, and compliance Provides in-depth knowledge of the Azure Application and DevOps infrastructure and evaluates the customer’s business and technical requirements as a trusted advisor Works closely with the IT team to develop automated solutions where possible, while maintaining reliability and adherence to security and compliance requirements Conducts regular reviews of systems and generates reports on risk mitigation planning, efficiencies, and improvement areas; takes ownership of mitigating the risk directly and establishing guidelines and best practices Bachelor’s degree in development or computer science Two (2)+ years of formal work experience in a related field One to two (1-2)+ years of experience delivering various projects involving Azure DevOps or related platform Responsible for ensuring that the day-to-day operations of all networks and applications are not interrupted satisfying all service level agreements (SLAs) and non-functional operational requirements DevOps Experience with Azure DevOps, GitHub, Kubernetes, Terraform/Cloud Formation Specific knowledge of Azure Kubernetes service private cluster configuration and deployment according to security best practice Experience with container deployment (Docker) Employment conditional on obtaining federal Reliability Status Security Clearance 
ScrapedJobID191:
Design, document, develop, test and deploy new ML learning models. Maintain, update pre-built models. Take ownership of the project's data. Build end to end ML pipelines with automation for continuous training and continuous deployments. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Proven record of finishing projects where the work spans several months. Familiar with the entire lifecycle of a data science project from data exploration, modeling and analysis, to model selection, validation, evaluation, and deployment. Experience in cleaning, filtering, and re-factoring complex data from different sources. 3+ years development experience in Python. 3+ years of experience working with data, and modeling. Professional command of ML tool sets in Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn). Experience with computer vision and deep learning frameworks (tensorflow, pytorch, darknet). BS degree, or College Diploma in Computer Science or related. A link to your Github/Gitlab account Experience with other programming languages. Experience with building and automating end-to-end machine learning pipeline on any of the clouds AWS/GCP/Azure is a strong plus Experience participating and contributing to open source projects. Knowledge of cloud computing. Good understanding of OS concepts, networking and bash scripting. Only resumes in PDF format will be reviewed. 8 hour shift Link to your Github/Gitlab account ML: 3 years (preferred) Object-Oriented Programming: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID192:
Concevoir, construire et améliorer les pipelines CI/CD pour les rendre robustes, performants et efficaces Automatiser l'infrastructure sous forme de code en utilisant Terraform Construire et exploiter une plate-forme à conteneurs Kubernetes en AWS Construire des outils et des automatismes pour alimenter des déploiements conviviaux pour les développeurs Intégrer l'observabilité, la gestion du trafic et la découverte de services pour les conteneurs d'application en utilisant le maillage de services Istio Agir en tant qu'expert en la matière pour les questions d'infrastructure et de plate-forme, y compris la surveillance, la journalisation, la gestion des secrets, la sécurité, la gestion de la configuration, etc. Travailler en partenariat avec les développeurs sur les moyens de minimiser les frictions de construction, de test et de libération et d'optimiser l'efficacité de l'ingénierie Améliorer continuellement la fiabilité et la performance de tous les environnements Participer à une rotation sur appel pour soutenir l'infrastructure de la plate-forme 3+ ans d'expérience en tant qu'ingénieur SRE/DevOps sur la plateforme AWS Expérience professionnelle dans la mise en œuvre, l'exploitation et l'optimisation de pipelines CI/CD (Jenkins, CircleCI, Gitlab, CodeDeploy, etc.) Expérience de travail dans les plateformes et les cadres de gestion de configuration (Ansible, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Chef, etc.) Connaissance des frameworks d'orchestration de conteneurs (Kubernetes, ECS/Fargate, Docker Swarm, Mesos, etc.) Connaissance de management Cloud Provider AWS,GCP, Heroku. Expérience de travail dans la construction d'APIs et l'écriture de fonctions Lambda Expérience dans l'instrumentation et le suivi des systèmes de production (Datadog, NewRelic, Collectd, Grafana, etc.) Forte expérience de codage et de dépannage dans l'une des langues suivantes : Python, Ruby ou Go Bonne compréhension de Git, y compris des stratégies de ramification et de fusion Compréhension approfondie des principes fondamentaux d'Unix/Linux et des réseaux Un salaire concurrentiel Un plan de d'options sur actions généreux L'assurance médicale, dentaire et visuelle Des vacances illimitées Des crédits annuels gratuits et des réductions pour rester chez Sonders Une entreprise avec une grande vision d'avenir, un environnement de travail dynamique et une équipe de collègues intelligents et ambitieux avec lesquels il est amusant de travailler! Design, build and improve on CI/CD pipelines to make them robust, performant and efficient Automate infrastructure as code using Terraform Build and operate a Kubernetes container platform in AWS Build tools and automation to power developer-friendly deployments Integrate observability, traffic management and service discovery for application containers using Istio service mesh Act as the subject matter expert for infrastructure and platform concerns including monitoring, logging, secrets management, security, configuration management, etc. Partner with developers on ways to minimize build, testing and release friction and optimize engineering efficiency Continually improve reliability and performance of all environments Participate in an on-call rotation to support the platform infrastructure Minimum 3 years of experience as an SRE/DevOps engineer working on AWS platform Working experience implementing, operating and optimizing CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins, CircleCI, Gitlab, CodeDeploy, etc.) Working experience in platform and configuration management frameworks (Ansible, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Chef, etc.) Knowledge of container orchestration frameworks (Kubernetes, ECS/Fargate, Docker Swarm, Mesos, etc.) Knowledge of Cloud Provider management AWS,GCP, Heroku. Working experience building APIs and writing Lambda functions Experience with instrumenting and monitoring production systems (Datadog, NewRelic, Collectd, Grafana, etc.) Strong coding and troubleshooting experience in any of the following languages: Python, Ruby or Go Solid understanding of Git including branching and merging strategies Thorough understanding of Unix/Linux and networking fundamentals Competitive salary Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Unlimited vacation Annual free credits and discounts to stay in Sonders A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues. Competitive compensation Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Exempt team members have paid time off. Non-exempt team members accrue paid time off. Annual free credits and discounts to stay in Sonders A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID193:
Awesome work-from-home policy with quarterly in-person meetings around the world Competitive salaries for quick-learners and fast-paced individuals You will have the ability to gain career experience beyond strict job requirements, with decision-making power to be the master of your own projects Resources for self-improvement, including courses, software, workshops, and conferences We are committed to hiring great people from diverse backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger Design and build performant, maintainable, and scalable backends for data pipelines, monitoring and other tools Design and build performant, maintainable, and scalable APIs for our frontends Collaborate with members of the Data Science team to proactively turn their insights into systems so our clients can benefit from their research. Monitor deployed code and effectively highlight any issues Research new technologies and design choices and influence architecture decisions by making contributions in all stages of development Maintain a high level of communication between managers and the development team Conduct formal presentations to other team members, managers, and in public Contribute to various aspects of a growing company Be an ambassador of technological advancement and revolutionized transportation Grow personal connections to the industry to understand trends and opportunities 1-2 years of relevant work experience Demonstrated proficiency in Python, with familiarity in libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy Demonstrated proficiency in SQL (MySQL or PostgreSQL) Strong working knowledge of statistical techniques (distributions, regressions, error bounds, etc.) Experience with git version control, agile methodology, MS 365, and other common software tools (Preferred) Experience with cloud database services such as AWS Aurora, InfluxDB etc. (Preferred) Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry 1-2 years of relevant work experience Demonstrated proficiency in Python Experience writing unit and integration tests Experience with cloud infrastructures (AWS preferred) (Serverless is a plus) Experience with MS 365, and other common software tools (Preferred) Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry Driven, self-motivated, and detail-focused individuals Clear and concise communicators Passion for career growth and continuous learning Organized in work habits, schedules, timelines, documentation and correspondence Remote work with quarterly in-person meetings (location is voted on every quater) Incentives offered such as Employee Stock Options and yearly bonuses 
ScrapedJobID194:
Threat modeling and mitigation for AWS services Review test cases and ensure quality assurance will cover security Contribute to the full lifecycle of software components, from requirements through design, testing, development, release, and demise Evaluate, implement, and enforce software development best practices Provide frictionless integration with the runtime, deployment, and SDLC technologies Support sales by providing technical insights, including estimation and technical proposals Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field A strong grounding in security concepts, including secure coding practices, trusted computing, and principles of authentication and authorization Knowledge of AWS services and related security configurations – IAM, S3, DynamoDB, KMS, EC2, ECS, etc. Hands-on experience deploying AWS infrastructure Ability to code review OPA and Rego policies Ability to write code for infrastructure deployment using CDK and CloudFormation templates Experience deploying and supporting software across the full Continuous Delivery life-cycle Familiar with version control, CI/CD, and configuration management tools Ability to reason about performance, security, and process interactions in complex distributed systems Excellent communications skills, with the ability to collaborate well with both technical and non-technical audiences, both written and orally Experience in agile/scrum methodologies Comfortable working with remote / distributed teams and projects Prior experience writing infrastructure as code security policies Understanding of PKI, X.509, key exchange protocols, and authentication protocols, including token-based authentication Experience meeting demands for high availability, low latency, and scale Remote interview process Social distancing guidelines in place Temporarily working fully remote Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID195:
Strong understanding of AWS services like EC2, S3, Route53, SNS, etc. Hands on experience in development & deployment of IaC using CDK or Cloud Formation/TerraformExperience to crate ansible playbooks for automated deployments CI/CD pipeline and Devops frameworks Image pipeline, AMI Linux and/or Windows administration Python, Shell or bash scripting Understanding of IAM policies, roles, authentication and authorizationSecurity, Secrets manager, Certificates Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID196:
Strong understanding of AWS services like EC2, S3, Route53, SNS, etc. Hands on experience in development & deployment of IaC using CDK or Cloud Formation/TerraformExperience to crate ansible playbooks for automated deployments CI/CD pipeline and Devops frameworks Image pipeline, AMI Linux and/or Windows administration Python, Shell or bash scripting Understanding of IAM policies, roles, authentication and authorizationSecurity, Secrets manager, Certificates Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID197:
Designing & managing a digital healthcare software DevOps system that is AWS Cloud Native Developing and maintaining KPIs of Well-Architected Review instrumentation for DevOps components Maintaining the internal Service Desk Assisting in maintaining the company hardware devices Contributing to Kanban and Continuous Delivery with daily stand-ups and regular retrospectives AWS Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional Worked in rigorous & highly regulated environments Demonstrable experience in successfully developing products from beginning to end Experience working at high velocities in agile environments 
ScrapedJobID198:
Collaborating with R&D teams in supporting cloud services and tools. Focus on infrastructure automation, testing, and deployments. Ensure the security, availability, performance, and scalability of production systems. Work with development team on designing highly reliable, available, and distributed services. The successful candidate must have a strong combination of practical skills in cloud and on-premises services including: networking, software development, public web service API design. Strong knowledge and hands-on skills of Kubernetes and Docker Strong automation skills using Python and/or other languages Excellent communication skills along with the ability to collaborate effectively across functional organizations. Strong knowledge and experience with Jenkins, Gitlab/GitHub or other CICD tools AWS experience is required, GCP, Azure is plus SRE experience within a service development team for supporting, trouble shooting, log analysis to meet our service availability and observability Has experience with varieties of SaaS operation tools like uptime, Dynatrace, PagerDuty Experience participating in agile and test driven development models. Enthusiastic, self-starter with a charismatic personality Must be effective in working both independently and in a team setting Strong initiative and the desire to experiment with new technologies 
ScrapedJobID199:
Assess current business infrastructure and develop migration roadmap for the cloud. Work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. Make recommendation to optimize business processes and applications with public, private and hybrid cloud infrastructure. Work closely with the Enterprise Cloud Architect to define high level design cloud solution. Support preliminary cost assessment and business case for moving workloads to cloud. Develop Low Level Design Architecture documents jointly with Enterprise Cloud Architect Translate Architectural requirements and deploy, administer & operate scalable, Highly Available and Fault Tolerant systems which includes the compute, data, security and network requirements. Apply DevOps and continuous integration / continuous deployment best practices to allow speed and fast scaling of the cloud business. Provision cloud services with high level of automation for reuse and scalability. Manage configuration of cloud workload if required. Monitor cloud workload efficiency and adjust solution design to optimize performance, stability and cost without compromising security. Ensure security of the data in the cloud and implement best practices throughout the process Communicate progress to Enterprise Cloud Architect and work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. You have Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology. You have 10 years of software development experience, working with a variety of programming languages such as .Net, Java, Node.JS, C++, and Python. You have min 5 years’ experience in Azure cloud migration and operational management, tools and frameworks You have experience of multiple projects deployed with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) You have 3-5 years of Azure Solution Architecture and Development You have 2-3 years of DevOps Implementation and Operations You have At least two Microsoft Azure certification from the list below (equivalent certification on AWS would be considered)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect,
Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator, Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect, Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert, Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer You have sound knowledge of various Azure services including Express Route, VPN Gateways, Azure Firewall, API Manager, Application Gateway, Load balancer, AD, Logic Apps, Azure Monitor and App insights. You have sound knowledge on cloud deployment model - IaaS, PaaS and SaaS as well as hybrid cloud. You must have experience gathering requirements, analysis and documentation You have experience with AIX, Linux and Wintel workload migration to cloud You have experience deploying infrastructure as code and highly automated cloud provisioning environment (Terraform, Azure Resource Manager, Puppet, Chef) You have experience of at least 20 projects (workload) deployed and supported on a public cloud You have good understanding of cloud security principles You have experience delivering project following Agile methodology / Scrum You have ITIL 3 or ITIL 4 certification You must have experience with handling customer and other third-party vendors effectively. You must have problem solving ability to provide solutions to complex and new business problems. You have the ability to generate innovative ideas and apply them in implementing solutions. You must be flexible and adaptable towards changing organizational needs. You must excellent communication and inter-personal skills 
ScrapedJobID200:
31% women, 57% BIPOC, 14% LGBTQIA+ 49% of our people were born in countries other than where our offices are located. Our team members collectively speak 19 different languages. 59% of our people speak more than one language In the past year Architech has increased the number of women in our technology function by 200%. We strive to do even better as our multi-year strategic plan unfolds. We analyzed salaries by gender of persons in the same role and are delighted to report a 0% gender pay gap in our delivery and technology roles! Troubleshooting production issues and diagnose problems with software installation and application. Address customer concerns and issues regarding software installation and operation. Create and update issues for bugs and feature requests. Assist software developers and participate in bugs fixing and minor features development activities. Improve documentation and publicly share knowledge. Be part of the team that architects and delivers the nuances within our overall technical strategy. Approach new projects with the client needs and users in mind. Be open to learn and absorb the rapid changes in the engineering industry. 2+ years providing high quality, hands-on application support. Experience working with Java and JavaScript is a must have. Knowledgeable with application support monitoring solutions, along with networking, servers, and system monitoring tools. Strong analytical skills with confidence to make critical decisions about application support best practices in time-sensitive cases. Possess strong customer service and technical problem-solving skills. Strong expertise in learning new technologies and understanding how to use them in a customer-facing environment. Post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related program. Knowledge or experience of SQL databases and revision control, Git preferred. 
ScrapedJobID201:
Providing support in a 24x7x365, KPI-driven Cloud environment Handling support requests from customers, by staying on top of new features and enhancements and being a subject matter expert, and providing level two diagnoses and issue resolution of Cloud Services and Cloud Platform Triaging to internal and external teams, pushing for resolution within OLAs by being the Customer advocate with Engineering, Development and 3rd party Vendor teams Monitoring systems and handling events, proactively recognizing and acknowledging alerts, responding to alerts or emergency issues within 5 minutes during working hours (Event Management) Act as first responders to service outages and performance degradation by moderating conference calls and engaging Triage teams to restore service in the shortest time possible (Incident Management) Document, publish and maintain knowledgebase articles to help optimize the workforce Drive operational efficiency and improvements 2+ years of experience working in capacity of Technical Support or similar Good system administration skills Strong understanding of Cloud Computing concepts Hands-on experience with Cloud platforms, such as Microsoft Azure, AWS or GCP Experience working with Webservers and Databases – Apache, IIS, MySQL, MSSQL and PostgreSQL Strong understanding of Monitoring tools (Zabbix, Monitis) Strong knowledge of Application Protocols – DNS, HTTP, HTTPS (SSL), FTP Understanding of network protocols, such as TCP/IP, UDP Knowledge of standards, protocols, and data formats: JSON, XML, REST, SOAP, XML-RPC, OAuth, SAML Programming/scripting experience (Bash, Python, PowerShell, PHP, etc) Knowledge of SQL Ready to work night shifts Passion for providing exemplary customer service, strong customer focus Eager to learn new technologies Good verbal and written professional communication, fluent in English. Self-motivated and proactive in performing duties Attention to detail Team player ITIL certification Microsoft Azure certification Exposure to virtualization and orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Understanding of CI/CD concepts and experience working with DevOps tools such as Jenkins, Terraform & Puppet Experience with CloudBlue Commerce platform Experience with API (REST, Oauth) 
ScrapedJobID202:
Employee & safety centric culture with the possibility of remote work Flexible hours and scheduling available Competitive total compensation along with generous vacation allowances Three weeks of vacation In-house & external training provided along with education support and opportunities for growth Company funded annual personal development budget Financial benefits & planning such as group RRSP & company match Employer paid premiums for extended healthcare and family-focused benefits (health, vision and dental) Travel insurance coverage and access to the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Wellness - onsite fitness center & company reimbursement for personal gym memberships Internal Recognition & Service Awards Employee Referral bonuses Transit accessible with free onsite parking Regular company events such as "Food Truck Fridays", Lunch & Learn and other planned activities Collaborate with IS, development teams and TS to support cloud services and tools. Develop and promote infrastructure automation, testing, and fully automated CI/CD pipelines. Ensure the security, availability, performance, and scalability of production systems. Define monitoring and alerting criteria for apps and services in production ensuring a high-availability environment meeting the SLA for each system. Build highly-available, reliable and robust secondary and tertiary backups for the cloud data Troubleshoot problems in misbehaving applications, and provide detailed information to the appropriate development team to address the issue. Document the internal deployment tools and processes Maintaining and improving production, staging, and development environments. Deploy applications to staging and production environments. Reject deployments that do not meet security/reliability requirements. Escalate issues to the appropriate development team for resolution. Strong knowledge of one or more scripting languages. Python (Preferred), PHP, Bash etc.. Experience using GCP or other public cloud like AWS or Azure Experience of CI/CD tools like Bamboo, Jenkins (CI) and Git, Bitbucket. Experience supporting 24/7/365 high availability and distributed systems. Experience trouble shooting application, deployment, infrastructure, and operational issues. Intermediate to advanced Linux CLI/scripting skills. Advanced web server admin & troubleshooting skills. Apache/IIS webserver experience would be an asset. Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences. Experience using Terraform, Ansible or similar tools (Chef, Puppet etc...) Knowledge of Dockers and Kubernetes GCP certification is an asset College diploma or University degree in the field of computer science, information systems, or software engineering or equivalent. Experience with cloud provider services (Google Cloud and/or AWS) 3 weeks of vacation Sign-On Bonus Employer paid premiums for life insurance, health and family-focused benefits such as the employee assistance program, extended health, vision and dental benefits Onsite fitness center Company paid personal days off RRSP match program Annual Bonus Program Annual sabbatical allowance 
ScrapedJobID203:

ScrapedJobID204:
Write test plans and test cases throughout the development lifecycle Ensure test plans thoroughly cover all requirements and use cases Plan, schedule and perform manual and automated software tests Develop automated regression test suites using automated testing tools Foster a continuous improvement approach to QA activities Review tools implementations and encourage best practices and sound design principles while remaining practical and deadline driven Work closely with development to perform early testing on components prior to integration builds Assists and actively participates in the communication between local and offshore development and QA teams, ensuring knowledge is shared efficiently Manage defect tracking; monitor and report results Report QA status, as appropriate, to keep project stakeholders informed on deliverables and timelines Train other departments on the use of custom developed tools Other duties as assigned You have a BS in computer science or related field You have a minimum of 5-10 years’ experience as QA Engineering role You have knowledge of software development life cycle, methodologies and testing You have experience with cloud technologies and modern pipelines is an asset You have solid knowledge of quality assurance techniques, testing concepts, methodologies and tools You have expert ability to apply quality assurance knowledge to in-depth testing and test plans You have ability to apply concepts of unit, system, regression, product, integration and accepting testing You have excellent analytical skills with the ability to investigate and research multiple sources You have excellent interpersonal and oral/written communication skills You have knowledge of Python/Bash is an asset You have knowledge of Cloud technologies is a very important asset You have experience in automation testing or coding or backend services is an asset You have advanced knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases You have knowledge of trading systems and trading concepts, particularly within the equities realm, is considered an asset You have experience with testing high performance systems is an asset You have ability to adapt and learn quickly with any testing tool You have excellent working knowledge of LINUX/UNIX and Windows environments You have advanced understanding of automation testing methodologies You have programming skills 
ScrapedJobID205:

ScrapedJobID206:
8 hour shift DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID207:
Work with developers to ensure Highspot applications are operable, scalable, and deliver the highest quality experience to our customers. Participate in code-reviews, rotating on-call, architecture reviews, and project planning. Embrace failures and treat incidents as teaching opportunities through blameless post mortems and in-person discussion(s). Contribute to observability and monitoring tools to maximize reliability and to help teams learn through good data collection. Develop automation and tooling to accelerate writing, testing, and delivery of code with minimal fuss. Identify and own opportunities to improve and shape all aspects of our development and delivery workflow. Make Highspot a great place to work and write code. You're driven by curiosity and the understanding to support, learn, and guide a team to be successful. You believe that automation is the key to building humane, reliable, systems. You're proficient with at least two programming languages (we use a lot of Ruby). You're an excellent troubleshooter and gracefully-proficient on the command-line. You understand Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous Delivery (CD), and Release Engineering best-practices. You have a strong background in Cloud Infrastructure and automation. You approach security work with a high regard. You value the importance of health checks for a given service and want to evangelize the practice. You understand the value of solid monitoring in large-scale SaaS apps and have experience in instrumenting code for good observability. You have great interpersonal communication skills and work well in a diverse, team-focused environment. You enjoy writing quality documentation for solutions and processes. British Columbia, Canada - Remote Ontario, Canada - Remote 
ScrapedJobID208:
On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID209:
You will plan, design, transition private cloud and develop vary monitoring methods for vary HCI solutions (like Dell VxRail, Dell Powerflex, Nutanix), vSphere virtualization, vRealize Suite management components, disaster recovery and backup solutions. You are not adverse in providing Level 3 support & vendor escalations for transitioned services. You excel in the development of technical documentation of configuration and operational procedures for service operations teams (build & runbooks) & technical specifications. You can contribute to implementation planning. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with the architectural and/or deployment and/or develop customized dashboards/reports of datacenter infrastructure solution monitoring, like VMware vRealize Operation Manager and/or vRealize LogInsight and/or vRealize Network Insight or other similar tools. You have at least 2+ years hands-on technical working experience with integrating monitoring tool with 3rd party solution, like ServiceNow GEMs or CMDB for automatic INC/Alerts filing. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with the architectural and/or deployment and/or operational support of VMware vSphere Hypervisor. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with Microsoft Windows Server 2012/2016/2019 administration and/or Red Hat Linux administration 7.x/8.x. You have at least 3+ years of hands-on technical working experience with the architectural design and/or deployment and/or operational support of Dell vxRail and/or Powerflex hyperconverged clusters or Nutanix HCI solutions. You have hands-on experience with VMware vRealize Automation You possess excellent communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills to both a business and technical audience Completion of a post-secondary education in Computer Science, Engineering or in a related technology-based stream. You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID210:
Deploy and maintain critical applications on cloud based architecture Implement automation, effective monitoring and infrastructure-as-code Lead and assist product engineers in creating practical architectural implementation of proposed solutions Provide detailed specifications for proposed solutions Provide clear goals for all areas of a project and develop steps to oversee their timely execution Continuously evaluate existing systems with industry standards, and make recommendations for improvement Help define, document, evolve, and evangelize high engineering standards and best practices across multiple areas Collaborate and mentor other engineers throughout the company and seek to continually improve process Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent professional experience At least five years of experience building, managing, and supporting cloud-based IT infrastructure In-depth understanding of current security practices Thorough knowledge of Unix and/or Linux fundamentals and system administration Experience with infrastructure-as-code tools or technologies (notably Terraform) Expertise with public cloud services (notably AWS) Solid foundational knowledge of TCP/IP networking Knowledge of source control systems and workflow (notably git) Knowledge of modern DevOps/SRE practices Some programming/scripting experience with at least one language (Python, Go, Javascript notably) Windows system administration knowledge is a plus, but not required 
ScrapedJobID211:
Develop modern front-end applications that reach millions of users around the world. Create and maintain command line interfaces using NodeJS to package and deploy front-end assets. Work with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform to support the creation of storefronts Share in responsibility for your team’s technical health: architecture, best practices, reliability, security, etc. Improve developer and user experience through thoughtful design, rigorous testing, and clear documentation. Collaborate with scrum masters, product owners, designers, and other stakeholders. You’ll play an important role in helping us to deliver high-quality products to our partners and customers. Great communication skills. Experience building applications using NodeJS, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Exposure to Python or similar backend languages Experience with Agile Scrum. NodeJS, React, Python Docker, GitLab CouchDB 
ScrapedJobID212:
Information Technology MS Windows MS SQL Server Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software SQL .NET Criminal record check Cellular phone Willing to travel Travel expenses paid by employer Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID213:
Customer Satisfaction Subject Matter Expert Personal Development Knowledge Base Contribution Autonomy - Independently makes good judgements and decisions even when data is ambiguous or incomplete, resolving complex issues by selecting appropriate methods or technologies in creative and effective ways. Collaboration - Enhances team effectiveness through questioning, supporting and coaching peers, including brokering pragmatic solutions when opinions differ. Has external contacts outside immediate specialism. Leadership - Take the lead on larger projects where outcomes are typically defined, but approach undetermined. Incident management - Able to run large incidents and handle escalations. Customer focus - Leads customer discussions and resolves conflicts between customer and Cloudreach goals. Diagnosis and troubleshooting - Escalation point for intractable issues, especially in areas of specialism. Cloud - Understands the constraints and opportunities presented by cloud platform services, and how they fit into both operational delivery and customer solutions. Systems engineering track - machine fundamentals, operating systems, networking, distributed systems, scripting. (level E). Software engineering track - algorithms & data structures, languages, runtimes, coding, software system design, APIs. (level E) Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That’s why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs , and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing . We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working . We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority! Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community Opportunity for growth & development . Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We’re multi-cloud and proud! An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you’re on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you’re an integral part of the team and we’ll make sure you know what’s up Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded 
ScrapedJobID214:
Experience in Serverless (Lambda or Azure Function) architecture using either Python or Node JS Experience using some of the following tools: AWS Code Commit, Cloud Formation, Terraform, CodeDeploy, Ansible (must) Deep understanding and working experience in AWS account creation and best practices. Good understanding of Cloud Networking VPC, security groups, HA/DR, ALB vs ELB, CDN Working experience in containers and container orchestration (K8s) Strong understanding and hands on experiencing in designing account structure on cloud In-depth knowledge and solid experience designing, deploying and operating cloud network infrastructure including: Direct Connect/Express Route, cloud Ingress and egress, VPC, Routing, Transit Gateways, virtual hubs, private links, Route 53, CloudFront, ALB, subnets, SaaS Integration etc. Strong programming knowledge in Python, NodeJS and PowerShell Solid knowledge of Cloud Identity and Access Management; identity federation and effective and secure IAM policy design Deep understanding of infrastructure as code using AWS Cloud Formation, CFN Stack Sets, CDK Hands on experience with CI/CD technologies -AWS Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Bit bucket In-depth knowledge of Cloud Security practices and native cloud security toolsets and the experience of designing and embedding automated security practices Experience developing Guardrails for use of cloud services and developing security linting rules for cloud pipeline integration Experience in architect, design and implement platform patterns and shared services on cloud platforms Experience and hands on knowledge on documenting solution designs and reference documentations Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skill sets Total IT: 8 years (preferred) Cloud Engineer: 4 years (preferred) AWS: 5 years (preferred) Azure: 5 years (preferred) Serverless: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID215:
The creation of cloud foundations Design and deployment of net-new cloud native solutions Migration and modernization of existing workloads Enabling organization transformation to a cloud-first model Work in partnership with clients, helping them understand how to use cloud technology to meet their business objectives Communicate and interact with project leads and technical stakeholders Provide leadership where appropriate to technical implementation workstreams Deliver at a consistently high standard Able and willing to be hands on when required Provide assistance with technical issues, escalations and resolution Provide a good experience to your teammates and to our customers 3 years of IT experience in Infrastructure area including Senior Support capacity General technical understanding of cloud platforms and supporting technologies Strong experience with a business audience in either project or high level support capacity Ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences effectively and clearly Technical experience in a major cloud platform, preferably Azure in Public or Private but strong experience to Azure on-prem we always consider Knowledge of Identity and Access management (IAM) software defined networking, security, governance, and compliance Must have prior scripting experience and familiar with dealing with conditional logic, looping and string handling Understanding of cloud automation and orchestration tools and techniques including git, terraform, Azure DevOps, ARM Experience in IaC and CaC (Containerization as Code) Any and all of: Jenkins, Ansible, AKS, Docker, etc. 3+ hands on experience in implementing and/or maintaining highly complex cloud environments Experience migrating on-premise workloads to the cloud At least one recognized public cloud technical certification Product experience in more than one public cloud, such as Azure, AWS or Google Cloud is an asset Commitment to learn and to invest time to bridge gaps in knowledge Acquire required Azure technical certification (our treat!) Keep up to date with technology trends 
ScrapedJobID216:
Assist in developing an automated framework for application deployment and development, leveraging various scripting languages and open source/ commercial solutions to support the product Support in perform vulnerability assessments & penetration testing of applications; cloud infrastructure. Implement vulnerability remediation strategies with engineering, operations and security teams. Work closely with engineering and operations teams to ensure we are considering security when architecting and building new systems. Act as internal DevSecOps evangelist, demonstrating the benefits of embedding security and compliance into DevOps Develop procedures to automate security and compliance checks during code builds and deployments Write and maintain relevant documentation Embrace a culture of continuous development and service excellence Masters or bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field is required 5+ years of experience working in application development environment and exposure to application/product security 3+ years of experience in designing and developing automation Experience in automated testing of web applications and web services in a fast-moving and agile environment Passion for DevOps and strong skills in at least one scripting language (Ruby/Python/PHP/Perl or equivalent) Proficient in coding and debugging in Java Experience with CI/CD - Deployment pipeline (Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform) Experience with a broad range of security technologies including, SAST, DAST, RASP, DLP, IDS/IPS, IAM, Certificate Management, etc 
ScrapedJobID217:
Maintain and evolve the gateway’s operational platform to improve our self-serve model Liaise with other teams who run Gateway tech, ensuring their requirements are met in a timely appropriate manner Drive the direction of our operational architecture, taking into account our dedication to maximum reliability for players and internal customers alike Ensure all components are highly scalable and maintainable Own the features, components and tooling being built Partner with other engineers to troubleshoot problems with our gateway technology and its operational platform, and provide an excellent customer experience Provide mentorship on best practices for backend operations and integration Relevant work experience, including in a high-volume or critical production service environment Experience working at scale - thousands of servers running a high-volume or critical production service environment Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Automation / scripting skills and a desire to automate all the things Comfortable with at least one scripting language, e.g. Python or Ruby. Solid understanding of fundamental technologies, e.g. TCP/IP, Linux/Unix internals Experience with configuration management systems, e.g. Puppet, Ansible, Terraform Demonstrable capacity for an investigative approach and keen to learn new technologies Ability to analyze requirements and make corresponding design decisions Demonstrated excellence in communicating within and across teams Ability to complete complex tasks with minimal supervision Experience working with public cloud providers and cloud technologies Experience working with container orchestration e.g. Kubernetes Experience in monitoring and metrics systems, e.g. Nagios, Zabbix, Graphite, Cacti Experience with Erlang A background in Software Engineering Experience with game development or game engines 
ScrapedJobID218:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visual Studio Sublime Text Startup company Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Object-Oriented programming languages C++ SQL Python Computer Internet access Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Database software 3D graphic software Programming languages Software development SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID219:
Provides technical support for national capital program development and formulation of national strategies to meet operational needs Develops plans to meet project or site-specific requirements Prepares detailed plans, system designs, and specifications for the provision and implementation of electronic systems to meet operational, technical and safety requirements Manages large multi-disciplined projects with dollar values usually less than $500K, but occasionally in the $500K to $1M range Provides prompt assistance when requested to investigate technical problems with in-service operational systems Actively promotes a Safety and Quality culture within the Specialty which ultimately will be reflected in the quality of the finished product delivered to the client group Investigates and evaluates recent advances in RPAS traffic Management to develop new solutions for unresolved problems Keep up to date on research in the RTM industry including advances in ICAO, Standards bodies and contribute to international working groups to ensure the Canadian context is considered Graduation with a minimum of a bachelor’s degree from a recognized university in electrical, electronics, communications or computer engineering, or certification as a Professional Engineer in Canada or an equivalent combination of education and experience Certification or eligibility for certification as a Professional Engineer in Canada 6 years progressive experience on complex engineering projects, with 3 years in a senior role Experience working in high efficacy software development, including the application of safety management systems (SMS) and Quality Management. Experience in a collaborative environment working with cross-functional teams Prior ANSP/Aviation experience is an Asset A strong knowledge of Professional engineering standards and practice, theory and principles of engineering science and of the practices in specialized field of engineering Knowledge of system development including software development, software integration and system testing. A thorough knowledge and demonstrated skills in project management methodologies, techniques and disciplines for large projects Knowledge of cloud platform development would be an asset. Knowledge of mobile app development on IOS and Android would be an asset Knowledge of RPAS (drone management) requirements and regulatory environment is a asset.
Abilities Ability to write technical specifications, standards, statements of work and general engineering documents. Ability to work under pressure, prioritize and manage multiple priorities with tight or conflicting deadlines in an environment of multiple priorities. Ability to research potential development solutions and best practices and learn new technologies, domains, and tools quickly. Ability to analyse and synthesize technical information, interpret the results of studies, develop strategies, and provide recommendations to a technical and non-technical audience. Creative, and innovative approach to solving problems Communicate effectively with cross functional teams internally and externally Proficiency in teamwork and team management Mentor and coach team members including students Collaborative and highly organized and work effectively in a multidisciplinary team and able to build and maintain strong strategic relationships Initiative and positive forward-thinking attitude 
ScrapedJobID220:

ScrapedJobID221:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. Experience in Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Experience in web/mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, or systems/security software development. Master's degree, PhD degree, further education or experience in Computer Science or a related technical field. Experience with cloud development (AWS, Azure, Watson, etc.). Experience with kubernetes. Ability to write in English fluently. Ability to learn other coding languages as needed. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. 
ScrapedJobID222:
5+ years of experience working in the IT industry as an AWS devops engineer. Experience using and building solutions with Git, Github, AWS CLI/APIs, Terraform, Ansible, Prometheus, Graphana, Splunk and Jenkins Experience working with AWS services related to compute (EC2, Lambda), networking (VPC, Subnets, Firewalls etc.), storage (S3, EBS), security (IAM), encryption (KMS, TLS), data and analytics (Redshift, Glue), AI/ML (SageMaker) Experience carrying out Tableau server management on EC2 Container management in AWS environment Delivering within an Agile/Scrum environment University or Technical Diploma in IT discipline with equivalent experience Well organized Detail orientated Able to multitask effectively Excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Able to work effectively with minimal supervision Strong written and oral communication skills Proven ability to build strong relationships with clients Ansible GIT GIT Jenkins Prometheus Terraform 
ScrapedJobID223:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time Perform Production Verification Testing Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes Guide and mentor junior members of the team Good oral and written communication skills 5+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs, and Web Application testing 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests Solid test plan and test case writing skill A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player Bonuses Experience with VMWare, Windows, and Linux operating systems Show us how your analytic ability, experience, and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure Experience with Micro services testing 
ScrapedJobID224:
Write product code along with test automation to deliver against project timescales, quality and requirements Participate in software design in line with technical strategy, quality and functionality Provide clear updates on progress against assigned tasks Build and maintain an effective relationship with team members Estimate time and resource allocation for product requirements as related to individual projects Experience developing code in any language Ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to the role Natural problem solver who enjoys being challenged Ability to organize own time to deliver against tasks set by others Ability to build stable and useful working relationships Experience writing software using C, C++ or similar Scripting using Python Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID225:
Minimum 5 years working with Azure Cloud Services Minimum 3 years experience working with Azure Synapse Analytics Minimum 3 years experience working with Terraform (deployment tool) Minimum 3 years experience working with Azure Functions Hands-on experience configuring and deploying Security Gateways, VNets/NSGs, etc. Minimum 5+ years experience working in a DevOps role Experience working with DevOps tools Works closely with other IT infrastructure specialists, Enterprise Architects and Security to design and integrate cloud and on-premises services, enabling secure operations in the cloud environment Provides leadership in infrastructure migration methodologies and techniques to migrate large scale enterprise applications and services. Define the business case for cloud solutions, design solution and prototype for proof of concept and take solution through to production introduction Provide leadership in cloud computing across IT operations and business programs and provide technical consulting and advisory to decision makers Maintain up to date with cloud technologies and tools, assist IT leadership in developing roadmap for cloud integration and strategies Play a key role in IT operation team for all cloud-oriented initiatives Provide cloud technical mentoring to strengthen cloud support and quality services Develop and maintain a disaster recovery plan in relation to cloud services and systems within the IT Teams. I.e. Infrastructure, Network, Security and Application 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID226:
Build and own the Data science platform solution in Azure. Understand the business ask and convert it into technical requirements. Design the solution in collaboration with CTC architects and vendor consultants. Review the solution with the architecture board and get alignment. Configure the solution in sandbox and automate infrastructure as code. Use automation to validate compliance with corporate policies and standards Create and maintain technical documentation Contribute to the build of cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Contribute to the design of new Azure services and incorporate them into existing solution. Mentor and coach others in cloud and DevOps tools and practices Communicate timelines, dependencies, constraints, and progress quickly and effectively Creative and courageous, with the ability to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity Action oriented, and comfortable taking calculated risks to better serve our customers and business Outcome focused, critical thinkers with the ability to analyze and visualize, to ensure continuous improvement across our entire business Have a growth mindset, eager to learn new service and bring them to market If you're curious, ready to take on new challenges and open to doing things differently to help us evolve rapidly, then this is definitely the place to be. Degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent relevant experience 5+ years of technical experience in Azure full-stack implementations Demonstrated experience in building Machine learning solution in the cloud and MLOps Experience with ML tools like Databricks, AML, Snowflake, PowerApps, PowerAutomate, ADO. Azure Certification is essential. Expert in developing infrastructure as code (Terraform, ARM templates, etc) Expert networking fundamentals including VNETs, subnetting, NSGs, routing, firewalls, DNS Experience with container technologies including Docker and Kubernetes Excellent analytics, problem solving and solutioning skills 
ScrapedJobID227:
Participate in customer cloud installations and resolution of issues where required Assist with Infrastructure projects as required Provide pre-sales assistance where required Provide third level support to helpdesk Focus on management, and maintenance of security Be available for occasional after hours works and support Actively contribute to improvements in our processes and procedures Contribute to the Pentana Solutions core product range, architecture and future direction Maintain good relationships with Pentana Solutions customers, staff and suppliers Research and validate technologies as viable, supportable options for sales Develop and document build and installation best practices Create and present quality training and assessment to build, installations and support teams Manage QA and pilot of developed products and solutions, as well as resolution of pilot issues Assist with management of projects and timelines, and support innovation within the business Tertiary qualification Broad level of experience with networking and server orientated technologies 3-5 years’ experience as a Network Engineer Cisco CCNA Juniper JNCIA Fortinet NSE4 A background in the automotive industry is highly desirable. Highly developed problem solving skills Results oriented Attention to detail and high standards for work quality Ability to work under pressure and handle multiple projects at once Strong time management skills to set priorities, resolve issues and make decisions Desire and strong interest in following and evaluating new technologies Demonstrates an enthusiastic, positive attitude Works well in a team environment 
ScrapedJobID228:
Help foster a strong culture of quality across developers, product managers, and other business stakeholders Work within a cross functional team aimed at delivering high valued solutions Code, test and implement full stack solutions to meet business needs Create intuitive, robust and reusable test and automation interfaces using modern frameworks Maintain quality and best practices across the products. You think digital first and believe all customer experiences should be simple and effective A creative problem solver that can develop a plan, take ownership of tasks, and are outcome focused A team player, technical mentor, keen to coach others and share ideas with your team An exceptional communicator able to articulate technical issues in plain language You keep up to date on web and mobile development trends and understanding how it applies to our customers’ needs You understand the importance and necessity of testing and yet be balanced enough to understand the value of delivery 3+ years testing experience with an expertise in test automation framework/tools (JavaScript/Node.js/Cypress preferred), test case design at different levels such as component/service, integration and end to end/user scenarios Experience in a QA/test environment with a focus on technical, automated testing in a variety of environments (distributed, cloud and mainframe, business workflows and services/APIs, databases) Strong understanding of responsive/mobile-first design, web standards, UI/UX best practices, microservices Experience working with software delivery methodologies, frameworks and best practices (Agile and Iterative Waterfall) and DevOps operations and integration of testing into the DevOps pipeline Experience working with start-up companies and working in an agile environment 2 + years of experience using API/service testing tools 2 + years of experience in performance testing and tooling Experience with test management tools such as HP ALM, Jira and Confluence 
ScrapedJobID229:
Responsible for automation/configuration management of all development, staging, and production environments as well as the automation of continuous integration and continuous delivery Design, build and optimize automation systems that operate web and cloud-based platforms Develops self-service solutions to support the delivery of software with great speed, security, reliability, and quality Keep up with industry best practices and trends on DevOps, and drive implementation of best practices Research, onboard, and contract negotiations of appropriate technology tools and services Collaborate with developers on software requirements Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostics tests Managing the installation and configuration of various solutions Configuration of data pipelines 4+ year’s experience in any of the following, DevOps, Continuous Integration Role, Full Stack Developer Hands-on experience with Cloud automation, Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration (CI) Strong experience using Linux/Unix Distributions like Ubuntu Advanced knowledge of programming languages and frameworks such as Python Django/Flask Significant experience with AWS Ability to pay attention to details Advance knowledge of monitoring tools like Grafana Solid understanding of relevant networking concepts like DNS, Reverse Proxies, CDNs, Domains etc.. Advanced knowledge of web server software such as Apache/NGINX Solid experience building serverless applications using AWS Lambda Experience in managing and automating infrastructure An understanding of Distributed Systems and Scalable Architectures Ability to install and configure software, gather test-stage data and perform debugging Ability to read, write and debug code Experience with orchestration tools such as Jenkins/Travis Strong programming and analytical experience with a variety of automation tools Advance experience with Postgres, TimescaleDB Benefits: Parity offers a comprehensive health benefit package - health is wealth! Wellness programs: This year we launched a partnership with Fitness Bound. Every week we offer a virtual HIIT or Yoga class.
In addition to a competitive vacation package we also offer an additional 10 days of PTO: sick/personal days In addition to a competitive vacation package we also offer an additional 10 days of PTO: sick/personal days Purpose and Impact: We hire top talent that cares about the social impact and vision, to help make urban living sustainable. It really makes a difference to work alongside a group of individuals who are all dedicated and passionate about creating positive change. Training and development: Each employee has a $1,000 training allowance that can be used however they like, as long as it supports their role or growth within the company. Employee Options: Every single employee in the company has the opportunity to participate in our equity incentive plan 
ScrapedJobID230:
Category: Technical Type: Full Time Reports to: VP of Operations Posting date: February 23, 2021 Planning Customer Focus Problem Solving Results Orientation Strategic Thinking Communication Adaptation Implement and modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Provide advanced level hardware, software and systems support for the various nurses, doctors and specialists using Timeless Medical’s applications around the globe. Assist with the configuration of computerized physician order entry Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously Implement software according to internal and industry best practices Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry One year of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Extended periods of sitting Overtime as required Operation of desktop computer and peripherals Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions 
ScrapedJobID231:
Working closely with Amazon AWS every day. Crafting elegant Infrastructure as Code (IaC) modules (using Terraform) to ensure repeatable and maintainable cloud deployments. Improving containerized infrastructure behind our cutting-edge GraphQL microservice architecture in AWS (using ECS, Fargate, & more). Employing serverless solutions to achieve massive scale and reliability without breaking the bank. Spinning up, maintaining, monitoring, and securing a variety of data platforms, including PostgreSQL, MongoDB Atlas, Elasticsearch, or Redis – we believe in using the right tool for every job. Improving network design and AWS networking infrastructure to optimize for cost, performance, security and scalability. Developing tools and improving processes to make it easier for developers to ship code and work with our cloud resources. Jumping in on production incidents if they occur, and helping us learn and improve. Developing tools and practices to detect and defend us from infrastructure-centric security attacks: bots, DDOS attacks, and other evolving threats. Collaborating with stakeholders from across Neo to ensure secure, reliable, and scalable cloud solutions are available to everyone. A history of creating and maintaining cloud infrastructure professionally; you’ve deployed resources and managed active applications on a cloud provider like AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc. You know your way around the web console (and other tools) for one or more cloud service providers. Experience creating infrastructure with code, using Terraform, CloudFormation, CDK, Ansible, etc. Experience building CI/CD pipelines to automate how software moves from development to production. Understanding of how networks operate, how the internet works, how the web works, how data is transferred. Experience working professionally with common development tools like Git and Github. Strong scripting skills with Bash or similar; comfortable working in a Unix-based terminal environment. Working experience securing cloud deployments and APIs; familiarity with the systems of policies, roles or permissions in the cloud. Strong software development skills – we’re not picky about which language you’re best with, but programming is a big part of the role. Strong collaboration and communication skills; experience working within development teams and with outside stakeholders. Great problem-solving skills, and the ability to work and research independently to find the best way forward. Knowledge of the current tech ecosystem, state of the art trends and announcements. 
ScrapedJobID232:
Your time will be split between responding to internal support requests and project-based work. Drive the adoption of DevSecOps and CI/CD best practices to implement CI/CD pipelines to design, build and test secure, scalable, stable and efficient cloud-based applications. Recommend platform and tools to manage DevSecOps and CI/CD at the enterprise level Manage DevSecOps CI/CD platform and tools to ensure adherence to best practices Implement needed security and compliance testing as part of our build pipelines Project work: You will build out the infrastructure automation, perform software upgrades, conduct general infrastructure improvements, build tools and other project-based work. Internal Support request: you will be responsible for making configuration changes for our code repository, adding in users, troubleshooting, and other duties that are requested from you when needed. You will be required to be on call once every 4-8 weeks to support the team in a variety of capacities as needed. Automate everything. Other duties as required. 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, Build & Release Engineer, SRE, or any equivalent. Strong experience building and automating CI/CD pipelines using Github Actions, ArgoCD, CircleCI, TravisCI, Jenkins or GitlabCI using security best practices. Deep understanding of RBAC/ABAC Ability to run POC’s to evaluate and recommend new technologies and services. Strong focus and experience with day 2 operations. Experience working with Containerization (Docker & Kubernetes preferred) Automation: experience with configuration management and infrastructure as code tools is a must. Terraform (preferred), Ansible, Helm, etc. Competitive salary Comprehensive Benefits package. Fun, relaxed work environment. Education and conference reimbursements. Parental leave top-up. Opportunity for career progression and mentoring others. 
ScrapedJobID233:
Have a fundamental understanding of computer networking and socket programming Implement networking and security aspects of the Endpoint Ability to work with data structures, databases and algorithms Design and code components of a large-scale distributed system with a keen sense for high performance and scalability. Develop and maintain automated test scripts to ensure it meets requirements. Participate major phases of the product development cycle, like development, test, debug and support Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline Proficiency in C++, Python Experience with Visual Studio or Objective C is a plus An environment where you will be working on cutting edge technologies and architectures A fun, passionate and collaborative workplace Competitive salary and benefits, including equity 
ScrapedJobID234:
Must have working experience with building YAML pipelines in Azure DevOps. Experience with writing Powershell scripts. Experience with deploying database updates using YAML. Deep understanding of GIT source control. Manage .NET application builds, and supporting build server configuration. Communicate deployment procedures to IT for production application deployments Occasional on-call support for production application deployments Administer Visual Studio Team Services. Working experience with Azure resources such as Azure SQL and App Services. Experience with Azure ARM Template would be a great asset. Document and communicate procedures for self-administration services offered to product development teams Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or closely related discipline Proficient in PowerShell scripting Proficient at identifying automation opportunities, designing and implementing solutions Experience with Octopus Deploy Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services(VSTS)/Team Foundation Server (TFS) Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio 2015/2017 Experience with Azure or other cloud services Ability to prioritize multiple tasks in a dynamic team environment Possess strong problem solving skills C# development experience a plus #LI-KW1 
ScrapedJobID235:
Currently enrolled in a Master's degree in Computer Science, Linguistics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Natural Sciences or a related technical field. Experience in one area of computer science, e.g., Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Quantum Information Science, Data Science, Software Engineering, or similar. Currently attending a degree program in Canada. Availability to work full-time for a minimum of 12 weeks outside of university term. Ability to return to a degree program after completion of the internship. Relevant experience as a researcher, including internships, full-time, or at a lab. Experience contributing research communities or efforts, including publishing papers in major conferences or journals. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages Ability to speak and write in English fluently. Develop and execute a research agenda Create and support a productive and innovative team, including working with peers, managers, and teams. 
ScrapedJobID236:
Monday to Friday machine learning: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID237:
Delivery and outcome oriented Evangelical on customer experience Obsessed with data and using it to make decisions Someone who thrives in a team environment Engineering, Computer Science, or Robotics undergrad degree in progress (second year + students preferred) Demonstrated problem solving skills Excellent written and verbal ability Demonstrated interests outside of technology Business acumen for Banking / Tech Previous work experience in a Technical role Enjoy the stability of a Schedule 1 “big bank” with the pace and excitement of a startup environment/mid-sized company Equitable Bank has consistently won Canada’s Best Employer awards Hybrid and super-flexible work model Work on cool and novel projects, with diverse business lines (mortgages, digital banking, finance), and for smart bosses Regular corporate and team events All applications must be submitted through our company website: https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank. Search for: DevOps and Cloud Engineering Co-Op Please scan together and submit ONE DOCUMENT that includes your transcripts, resume and cover letter. Please note that if the application is not completed properly, it will not be accepted. 
ScrapedJobID238:
Demonstrate a growth mindset and continuous learning; stay current on IBM strategies and products with hands on technical growth in data science and cloud native computing Use modern development practices and methods to plan and create cloud and AI applications Be conversant and knowledgeable about technology trends and how technology is being applied to address business challenges Demonstrate strong analytic, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills combined with an agile process Motivated to lead successful projects and meet technical and business objectives Strong professional verbal, written, and interpersonal skills Registered full-time university/college student (must be minimum 2nd year) pursuing bachelor’s degree or post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or similar disciplines Experience in programming with Java, JavaScript, Python, SQL or language in similar discipline English: Fluent. English & French fluent for Montreal position Experience in application development, data engineering, database administration Experience with technologies such as Git, REST, CI/CD Pipelines, Linux command line, Containers, Kubernetes, databases 
ScrapedJobID239:
Assist in creating a tailor-made architecture Deployment of advanced services on the cloud Implement automation solutions Maintain a feedback loop with the company’s customers to ensure deliveries are by the customer’s needs and expectations Debug, troubleshoot, and fix technical issues Setup large-scale monitoring and logging solutions 2+ years of professional IT experience (especially with Linux Networking, Security) 1+ Experience with cloud providers (e.g. AWS, GCP) Experience with Security Products (Firewall, Web Gateways, Proxies) Strong Experience in Linux Strong Experience with container technologies (Kubernetes, EKS, ECS, Swarm, Docker, etc) Familiarity with the Agile methodology Scripting abilities in at least two of the following: Bash, Python, Ruby, Go, PowerShell Creative troubleshooting skills and out-of-the-box thinking Ability to learn various technologies and topics Strong foundations with Git and git-flow methodologies Experience with CI/CD platforms (Jenkins, TeamCity, TravisCI, Codeship) Experience with Infrastructure as Code tools (Terraform, Cloudformation, CDK, Serverless framework) Experience with system monitoring platforms (Datadog, Prometheus) Experience with centralized logging platforms (ELK) Configuration management knowledge (Puppet, Chef, Ansible) Information security orientation Experience with production environments 
ScrapedJobID240:
Write clean and elegant code. You will create robust, speedy production components and develop prototypes quickly. You will refactor, simplify and optimize code to develop features more effectively Collaborate. You will work closely with your cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation and innovate solutions to complex business problems. You will contribute to architecture and product discussions when possible. Drive excellence. You will contribute to building our environment that embraces continuous integration using automated testing. You will research and recommend best practices, the latest technologies, and new approaches to improve our software performance, delivery, scalability, and usability. The drive to continuously learn. You want to be part of a collaborative culture of "Engineering Excellence" that continuously improves and pursues knowledge around emerging technologies, languages, and practices. You believe in keeping up with the latest tools, libraries, frameworks and trends in cloud computing. You can pick up new technologies quickly and you can mentor junior developers in optimal use of Java. The experience. You have senior level programming experience and exposure to a variety of different languages including expertise in Java and Javascript. You have worked with databases, Hibernate and AWS. You have extensive hands-on experience contributing to cloud product development in an Agile CI/CD environment and a proven track record of ensuring high-quality code. The interpersonal skills. You have great communication skills and you can build trusting, influential relationships within and across teams. Total Rewards: We offer a competitive salary and benefits package that reflects the value you bring to Vena. We want you to grow with Vena and celebrate its success with our Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). We look ahead and invest in your future with our Retirement Savings Matching Program. We also provide comprehensive health benefits through our employer group plan effective from day one. Career Growth: We invest in your job training, professional development, and continuing education and offer an Education Subsidy. Pursue your interests and chart your growth towards a new position on your current team or a new one. Vena had 100+ employee promotions and internal moves to new roles in 2020 - that’s almost 30%! 
ScrapedJobID241:
Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. 5+ years of web-based product management experience; 5+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID242:

ScrapedJobID243:
Planning and conducting small to large-scale site investigation programs, Geotechnical (soil and rock core) logging and sample selection for laboratory testing, Geotechnical data interpretation including aerial photography, LiDAR, photogrammetry, 3D point cloud interrogation, Geotechnical analysis and design including kinematic and limit state equilibrium analyses for rock cut design, soil and rock slope stability assessments, rock anchor and slope stabilization design, and foundation design, Technical report writing, and Construction monitoring services such as rock cut excavation monitoring, rock slope support (anchors, bolts, shotcrete, dowels), rockfall mitigation monitoring (scaling, trim blasting, catch ditch excavation, catch fence installation) and tower foundation construction. Undergraduate and/or Graduate Degree in Geotechnical/Geological Engineering. Other relevant third-level academic qualifications will be considered based on the candidate's work experience and employment history. 1-3 years or more of industry and/or consulting engineering experience with a variety of field and office-based experience. Less experienced candidates may be considered for other roles. Field experience which may include; geological, geotechnical, and geomechanical rock core and test pit logging, in-situ hydrogeological testing, monitoring instrumentation installations (standpipe piezometer, vibrating wire, and inclinometer), geological mapping including rock mass characterizations and classifications, surficial geology, underground/tunnel mapping, and laboratory test sample selection and scheduling. Soil mechanics experience including site investigation and design & analyses also considered a benefit. Compilation of geomechanical and geotechnical borehole and test pit logs using gINT and/or Strater. Aerial photograph interpretation, roped access certification, blasting design, and/or supervision of construction activities such as rock slope support (anchors, bolts, shotcrete, dowels) or slope rehabilitation considered a benefit. Design experience with kinematic stability and limit equilibrium analyses using software including the RocScience suite (Slide, Dips, RocPlane, RocSupport, RocFall, RS2, RS3, RocData) as well as GeoStudio. Other relevant analysis software packages such Maptek, DanW, CAD, key block modeling (Leapfrog), hydrogeological modeling and numerical modeling (FLAC, UDEC) are considered a benefit. Geohazard assessments including rockfall hazard and slope performance assessments Construction monitoring services. Eligible to register as a professional engineer or geoscientist in the Province of British Columbia. Strong people skills and an ability to work in a team environment. Willing to travel and enjoy working in outdoor challenging environments, all year round. The candidate can expect to be working on rotation away from the office for extended periods during large field programs in remote locations and/or operating mine sites, particularly during the summer and fall months. Preferable candidate to be based in our Vancouver office, however, consideration will be given to candidates to be based from other Tetra Tech offices (Nanaimo, Revelstoke, Fernie, or Calgary). Remote working or a combination of office-based and working from home (Flex time) will be considered based on each individual candidate’s experience and location. 
ScrapedJobID244:
Implement the enterprise Hybrid Cloud capability and develop a cloud orchestration platform for automated provisioning, management and scalability of hosts, containers, applications and cloud services. Develop APIs and Webhook for multi-directional integration of cloud orchestration platform with system management systems, DevOps Tools and cloud platforms. Ensure that all cloud solutions follow internally defined security and compliance controls Design and plan enterprise-scale cloud environments including application dependencies, data storage and flow, network connectivity and overall cloud hosting Design, Implement and secure cloud IaaS, PaaS and higher services in AWS and Azure
Develop Service Catalogs Continuously enhance the capability, security and experience of the enterprise Hybrid cloud experience. Strong Knowledge and proven experience in setting, securing and managing public cloud infrastructure Demonstrated knowledge of cloud provisioning and administration, cloud bursting, cloud interoperability, cloud disaster recovery and business continuity strategies, as well as performance measurement and monitoring in the cloud. Experience in AWS and AZURE IAM policy preparation for cloud Security Proficiency in cloud automation using AWS CLI, Azure CLI, Cloudformation and terraform. Hands-on experience with system configuration and Devops tools Strong programming skill with experience in API and Webhook development using Python, Ruby, PowerShell and Shell Scripting languages Experience and knowledge of Cloud Operating Systems including OpenStack,OpenShift, VSphere Experience with setup and management of a software driven network, proven track record in setup of Infrastructure as a service and Platform as a service deployment. Ability to participate in fast-paced DevOps and System Engineering teams within Scrum agile processes 
ScrapedJobID245:

ScrapedJobID246:
Design, write and deliver software to optimize all aspects of deployments (Resources/Applications) ‘infrastructure-as-code’. Optimize service release by improving Azure DevOps release pipelines. Drive services towards reliable/predictable deployments achieving better ‘time-to-deploy’ metrics for Services across Microsoft Teams. Develop safe rollout plans for a portfolio of services to prevent outages. Build, run, and improve critical service environments in large scale data centers. Learn and enhance existing tools, developing new tools to meet new scale and features aimed at reducing manual intervention, enhancing prevention, detection, and mitigation of service impacts. Manage world-wide capacity for a portfolio of services to meet the usage growth and efficiency requirements. Coordinate planning and execution with internal engineering teams, business partners and technical leaders across the division. Influence and Collaborate across orgs to bring best practices, architectures, standards, and methods for large-scale distributed systems. Analyze data and providing operational insights into service reliability, customer experience to Design and Product teams. BS/BSE in computer science, Management Information Systems or technical disciplines or equivalent education 2+ years as Site Reliability Engineer/Developer working on large scale/distributed systems. 2+ years implementing/automating using CICD tools. Good knowledge of basic networking fundamentals & troubleshooting tools. Proven experience creating distributed systems tools of moderate to high complexity. Ability to manage and deliver multiple project phases at the same time. Strong analytical and problem solving and organizational skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Ability to deal with the ambiguity associated with working in a fast-paced and changing environment. Strong Windows OS / Linux troubleshooting experience. 3+ years of Azure development experience (ARM templates, Azure Monitor, PowerShell, Kubernetes, Docker etc.) 2+ years automating builds/releases using YAML. 
ScrapedJobID247:
Mechanical Electrical Material & Science Computer Software (IT major with proficient knowledge in Artificial Intelligence an asset) Physics Provide practical technical input to specifications and drawings. Perform engineering studies, technical evaluations and various analyses/studies. Have developed, but not advanced, proposal and report writing skills. Identify and build collaborations with outside organizations (government labs, academic groups, partners) In addition to performing discrete technical tasks within larger projects, employee may perform the role of Project Lead. Evaluate optical, electronics & control systems including hands-on prototyping, testing and validation efforts Willingness to mentor and coach staff at lower position levels. Participates in team working environment, both intra-office and inter-office. Willingness to participate in functional groups within company (i.e. user groups, quality, etc.) Communicates clearly and can complete work within budget and deadlines. Identify opportunities for cost reductions and quality improvements in our products. Develop and deploy test protocols to determine system performance Analyze data based on test results to provide optimizations for the test Determine suitable data collection methods to optimize for possible AI algorithms and improvements. P.Eng designation preferred Multiple Provincial APEG stamps an asset Will typically have five to ten years’ post-graduation experience in industry. Has a good working knowledge of primary computer software programs necessary to complete R&D Objectives (i.e. MS Office products, AutoCAD, etc.) Will hold a minimum qualification of a recognized bachelor’s degree or equivalent engineering degree in a related field. Must be legally authorized to work in the country of job location. Ability to be flexible and adapt to new situations in a rapidly changing research environment Demonstrated ability to creatively solve engineering problems Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills Capable of mastering basic machine learning (supervised, unsupervised, deep learning, transfer learning) an asset Able to develop code for real-time applications an asset Familiar with on-board computing an asset Familiar with cloud computing an asset Strong coding skills an asset Working knowledge of industrial power distribution systems, instrumentation, controls, and communications an asset Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID248:
Total Years of Technical Experience: 10+ Position Specific Experience: 4+ Mentorship/Leads by Example Experience: 4+ Project/ Client Engagement/ Customer Facing Experience: 4+ Maintaining and troubleshooting complex routing and switching environments Maintaining and troubleshooting Networking aspects of Cloud Computer environments like Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud Network Technology SME Maintaining and troubleshooting Load Balancer and Web Application Firewall (WAF) Advanced Firewall support experience Experience with Cisco ASR9000, ASR920, Nexus 9000, 7000, 5000 and 2000 platforms Able to reverse-engineer customer networks to resolve issues with limited documentation. Advanced knowledge in authentication technologies such as LDAP, RADIUS, TACACS Technical leadership Verbal Communication: Advanced Written Communication: Advanced Customer Service: Advanced Presentation Communication: Advanced Analytical/Problem Solving: Advanced Mentoring: Advanced Influence/Persuasion/Forward Thinking: Advanced Executive Level Presence: Intermediate Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience is required ITIL, CCNP Route/Switch + Additional CCNA or alternate vendor equivalent Microsoft Certified: Azure Network Engineer Associate or 2+ years demonstrated experience with Azure 
ScrapedJobID249:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify, resolve, and mitigate security issues in IZEA’s AWS/GCP/Google Workspace systems and processes. Interface with AWS/GCP/Google Workspace account teams to ensure security is appropriately represented. Perform analysis of transactional data, log files and/or other system outputs to identify malicious or anomalous activity Evaluate, architect, implement, monitor and support security infrastructure for use by a remote workforce across all of our cloud platforms. Act as a point of escalation for investigation of systems and security events. Engage with customers, auditors, and other external entities during sales, deal negotiations, and other scenarios to articulate our security and trust story. Interface with external partners to conduct routine vulnerability assessments, including but not limited to: penetration testing and social engineering tests. Regularly review existing systems and make recommendations for improvements to all necessary internal departments. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a cloud engineering role or related role. 3+ years of hands-on experience securing cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure). A strong technical background involving SaaS cloud technologies and deep understanding of relevant risk mitigation and technical controls. Outstanding written and oral communication skills, as well as the ability to communicate detailed, technical information in a manner comprehensible by individuals at varying degrees of experience and skill level. Experience utilizing Agile methodologies Experience in AWS cloud-based services, and serverless architectures. Experience dealing with security compliance certifications, such as SOC2 and SOX. Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), or AWS Security Certification. Self-motivated, and thrive in a fast moving environment. A naturally curious technologist and stay on top of emerging trends, including hands-on prototyping of nascent technologies. Not afraid to question any existing processes and solutions, yet you display a keen sense of business value proposition and focus on the right priorities. At home in the cloud and are an expert in designing cloud-native security solutions. Able to understand business requirements, pragmatically balance risk, and effectively communicate trade offs. 
ScrapedJobID250:
Comprehensive research on the state-of-the-art algorithms on Computer Vision, Image Processing, OCR and NLP. Compare all the candidates or propose new algorithm that could improve and enhance our current products or create proposals for new products. Design and implement deep learning architectures that learn efficient generalizable representations for several tasks including classification, regression, segmentation and object detection. Deploy ML algorithms in conjunction with other members of the Software Team in the real applications. Bachelor, Master or PhD degrees in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent. Experience developing Computer Vision, Image Processing, OCR, or NLP algorithms. Experience developing Deep Learning Models for Computer Vision, OCR, NLP tasks. Experience Implementing deep learning architectures such as CNN, R-CNN, Single Shot Detector, ResNet, etc. Good working knowledge of one or more Machine Learning Frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch Keras, Caffe, MXNet, etc.) Experience wtih C++, Python, or other programming languages. First class analytical, diagnostic and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with other team members. Passion to work in an exciting environment and deliver new technologies and products to the marketplace. Ability to learn quickly. A positive mental attitude and growth mindset. Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. Remote work available Competitive salary with full benefits and vacation package Professional and positive teamwork environment Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID251:
Attend in-person meetings with clients’ technical staff to analyze, troubleshoot and diagnose hardware problems of Hypertec/Ciara products deployed in their environments; Work with, question & support customers technical staff about the issues they are facing in a detailed fashion so that they understand the nub of the problems; Interact with clients through phone, emails or chats and provide unambiguously written instructions or technical manuals and provide accurate feedback to customers promptly when needed; Act as the initial point of escalation for all systems related issues within the Service department; Work with our Field Engineers, technical support staff and other Engineering departments at Hypertec to maintain a steady & stable after sales service & support of the Ciara products; Actively update, maintain, and monitor all aspects of computer hardware, firmware and software issues related to the different Hypertec clients; Assist in the installation and configuration of computer systems and applications (Servers / desktops) and be ready to trouble shoot any issues encountered; Complete detailed reports and RCA (Root Cause Analyses) requests of technical assistance, steps taken to resolve the issues, and the specific dates/individuals involved; Assist in creating training materials pertaining to server/computer troubleshooting to be used by our technical support staff (L1 & L2), our partners FEs, and our clients; Deliver technical trainings to our technical support analysts and partners’ FEs (when requested); Create, organize, and file technical documentation and maintain it up to date. Bachelor’s degree in one of the following: Hardware Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Computer Engineering; 3 years of proven experience in a customer focus position involving technical knowledge of computer hardware (server/desktop); Good knowledge of the different hardware components from various vendors (i.e: Motherboards, CPUs, RAMs, Hard drives, RAIDs, etc.); Extensive experience working with different versions of different operating systems including Linux distros (Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora, etc.) & Windows OS; Bilingual English/French is mandatory; Time-management skills and the ability to establish reasonable and attainable deadlines for resolution; Ability to prioritize and manage several milestones and projects efficiently; Professional written and interpersonal skills are essential when communicating with customers and clients; Experience installing and configuring computer systems and applications for a large company; Accept constructive criticism and customer feedback regarding their experience with any issues encountered. A dynamic and collaborative work environment Competitive compensation package On-site cafeteria Free access to our 24/7, fully equipped gym + trainer BBQ, theme days and other employee engagement events Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID252:
8+ years distributed services development or equivalent 8+ years of experience with C++, C#, Go, Python, or equivalent A good grasp on API design, algorithms, and data structures A BS or MS in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Strong understanding of Git Excellent debugging skills Passion for crafting elegant code Highly self-motivated and independent Legally permitted to work in Canada Experience integrating with cloud services Experience resolving build infrastructure issues Experience handling media data such as images or videos Basic understanding of SQL-like database Amateur photographer / fan of photography / photos enthusiast 
ScrapedJobID253:

ScrapedJobID254:
Stock option plan Bonus up to 30% of salary Investigate issues reported by customers by researching and escalating issues Database management: Create, update database schemas, regular backup and maintain database Cloud system: Hybird cloud management. VM and instance management. System monitoring: Monitoring service and servers with alerts and email support Software installation and product release: Regularly release product and product online test. Engage directly with customers and work collaboratively by phone, ticketing system, and remote sessions to resolve their issues. The team will cover 7 days a week, candidates should be available to work weekend shifts and some holidays experience with ansible Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Minimum 2+ years hands-on experience supporting Linux systems including 2 or more of: User group and privileged management Containers - especially with Docker, LXD/LXC, or Kubernetes. Storage technologies - block, object and network. Networking (bonding, firewall, bridging, switching, network file system tuning, etc.) Linux integration with other environments (authentication/directory services, network file systems, etc.) Cloud computing (provisioning, monitoring, orchestration, etc.) Troubleshooting experience: Basic reading of stack traces to be able to search for duplicates, escalate to the correct team. Programming fundamentals in any language. Bonus pay 8 hour shift On call DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID255:
Develop CI/CD principles Review and modify CI/CD principles, iteratively Maintain CI/CD tools/platforms (if applicable) Develop and maintain pipeline configurations Automate processes Script writing (languages are irrelevant) Ability to interpret and write source code (languages are irrelevant) Management of infrastructure assets (networks, servers, operating systems, DBs) Familiarity with software packing tools (.exe, .deb, .rpm, Docker) Familiarity with version control tools (Git, Subversion, Mercurial) Management of cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Familiarity with security/vulnerability tools Familiarity with code coverage analytical tools Familiarity with monitoring tools Honesty – Do what’s right, even if it’s tough Collaboration – Leverage our collective genius, be a team Transparency – Be real Accountability – Recognize that if it is to be, it’s up to me Passion – Show commitment in heart and mind Advocacy – Earn trust and business Quality – Ensure what we do, we do well Bonus pay Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Work from home Monday to Friday DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID256:
Build and deploy 'big data' data pipelines at scale by exploring multiple approaches through a problem solving mindset Design, implement, and maintain data pipelines for ETL of data from a wide variety of data sources to various destinations Help support internal process and performance improvements Automate manual processes and optimize services and the rate at which data is consumed / produced Software development experience with exposure to data engineering focused projects Proficiency in at least one major language (e.g. Python, Scala, Ruby) and SQL, as well as a striving to write elegant and maintainable code, and ability to pick up new technologies Passion for all things data - you spearhead personal projects, follow latest trends, and experiment with new data tools and technologies Curiosity, collaboration, excellent communication and listening skills, and ability to seek clarity from senior team members 
ScrapedJobID257:
Deploy & support Active Directory, PAM(Priviledged Access Management) and MFA(Mulitfactor Authentication) infrastructure/solutions across organizations. Provide guidance & support for IAM integration to different teams across organizations. Perform regular patching and hardening of IAM infrastructure. Apply DevSecOps principal to automate tasks across IAM infrastructure. Create and maintain documentation for daily operation, such as Standard Operation Procedure and Knowledge Base articles. Follow standard change management, release management, problem/incident management processes and compliance and Audit guidelines. Experience with designing, deploying and managing Active Directory in large scale, enterprise level, global companies Experience with deploying and supporting PAM And MFA solutions Experience with Active Directory security assessment is a plus Familiar with Windows/Linux system administration Experience with script/programming language for automation Knowledge with common security concepts Strong interpersonal and communication skills Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field. Good working knowledge of cloud and virtualization technologies An understanding of Devops principles 4+ years related experience 
ScrapedJobID258:

ScrapedJobID259:
Passion – we love what we do Integrity – we do what we say Excellence – we always make it better Innovation – we envision, build, and deliver Expertise – we understand what you need Install, configure, and maintain Linux servers, on both hardware and virtualized infrastructure Performs systems administration functions such as managing user accounts and profiles, and maintaining hardware and software inventory and licenses Monitors server and storage health and performance; remediate issues detrimental to the health or performance of systems Identifies recurring hardware and software problems and recommends plans for prevention and resolution Harden the security of server and networking infrastructure by applying proper configuration, security updates, and other appropriate security measures Ensures data security and availability through proper backup and verification procedures Advocates information technology security best practices; ensure systems conform to company security standards and policies Research and test new and emerging server and storage technologies. Ensure future infrastructure capacity through recommendations to the Operations Manager Supports user requests for administrative systems Assists in IT hardware and software rollouts, including PCs, printers, phones, other IT resources Participate in 24x7 on-call support rotation as required Various operating systems including Windows Server, RedHat, CentOS, Ubuntu Container technologies such as Docker Virtualized environments using VMware EXSi Public and private cloud environments such as IBM Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Azure. Experienced in managing LAN, WAN, and virtualized network environments including routing, firewall rules, VPNs, etc. Demonstrated experience in automation of infrastructure deployment using scripting languages and industry tools such as Ansible, Vagrant, etc. Working knowledge of server hardware components and data center equipment such as UPS’s, PDU’s and be conceptuality aware of structured cabling standards and best practices. Working knowledge of specialized applications services such as LDAP, SMTP, SFTP, SNMP, etc. Demonstrated experience on your resume supporting end-user IT hardware and software Practical knowledge of IT security principles Ability to collaborate with other members of the IT team Perform tasks in an efficient and effective manner Ability to exhibit a positive attitude and to deal with coworkers and customers tactfully and courteously in order to maintain effective service-oriented relationships Ability to communicate effectively and follow oral and written instructions Minimum 5 years of demonstrated experience as a System and Network Administrator College degree Must be legally allowed to work in Canada Role is not open for relocation support 
ScrapedJobID260:
Design, assess, and review application security architecture Discover, analyze and address security issues within our environment Champion security programs and training within our engineering teams Compile and maintain application security best practices documentation (e.g. OWASP Top 10) Develop processes and tooling to improve application security while tracking outcomes and metrics to ensure goals are achieved Assist with the design and development of our application security program. Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID261:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID262:
Design and develop ETL processes based on functional and non-functional requirements in hive / python / pyspark within Hadoop platform Design and implement component execution orchestration in Oozie Understand the full end to end development activities from design to go live for ETL development and Cloudera Hadoop ecosystem Recommend and execute improvements Document component design for developers and for broader communication. Understand and adopt an Agile (SCRUM like) software development mindset Follow established processes/standards, business technology architecture for development, release management and deployment process Execute and provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Elicit, analyze, interpret business and data requirements to develop complete business solutions, includes data models (entity relationship diagrams, dimensional data models), ETL and business rules, data life cycle management, governance, lineage, metadata and reporting elements. Apply automation and innovation on new and on-going data platforms for those development projects aligned to business or organizational strategies. Design, develop and implement reporting platforms (e.g. modeling, ETL, BI framework) and complex ETL frameworks that meet business requirements. Deliver business or enterprise data deliverables (that adhere to enterprise frameworks) for various platforms/servers/applications/systems. Provide data analysis and requirements within enterprise platform (e.g. Hadoop). Implement processes aligned to data management standards, ensure data quality and requirements are embedded in/adhered to within system development deliverables. Develop, maintain knowledge of data available from upstream sources and data within various platforms. Perform data profiling using TD tooling and ad hoc system query languages to validate data analysis. Engage with data managers, stewards and owners to implement, maintain, enhance data governance, quality and related policies, aligning with TD's standards and frameworks. Ensure capture of requirements related to data privacy and security, governance and access controls. Respect TD's technology delivery practices, standards, project management disciplines. Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate. 5-7 years relevant design and development experience. Senior work experience (>5 years):
Big Data technologies
Data Flow Processes
SQL Development
ETL Big Data technologies Data Flow Processes SQL Development ETL Preferred experience in:
Hive, Python, Pyspark, Spark, Sqoop
Experience with scheduling or orchestration tools such Oozie, Autosys Hive, Python, Pyspark, Spark, Sqoop Experience with scheduling or orchestration tools such Oozie, Autosys Working experience with data modeling, relational modeling and dimensional modeling. Good understanding of Azure platform and tools like Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks Working knowledge of source code control tool such as GIT Implementation experience in managing and working in multiple environments, release and change management and knowledge of firewall, network work protocols, file transfer – TIBCO Familiar with Agile development methodologies Sound to advanced knowledge of business, standards, infrastructure, architecture and technology from a design/support/ solutions perspective Readiness and motivation (as an experienced developer and subject matter expert) to address and resolve complex issues, guide/advise/support clients, partners and project teams, often working on multiple medium-to-large sized projects. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Capacity and eagerness to work independently as a senior/lead role on multiple tasks and also coach/educate/guide/direct others. Ability to assume assignments that are moderate- to highly- complex and multi-faceted, to be performed under management guidance. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID263:
Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. 5+ years of web-based product management experience; 5+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID264:
ENGLISH TEXT FOLLOWS FRENCH Démontrer une connaissance pratique de la suite M365. Diriger en adoptant une approche de sécurité axée sur l’identité selon les pratiques exemplaires de Microsoft. Capacité éprouvée à collaborer avec plusieurs équipes de parties prenantes pour piloter les efforts de déploiement avec les clients de niveau entreprise. Diriger des équipes de pairs et encourager le partage des pratiques exemplaires. Fournir des conseils et agir en tant que conseillers en valeur commerciale pour les clients. Favoriser l’excellence de la livraison et assurer un niveau élevé de qualité des données. Demonstrate working knowledge of the M365 suite. Lead with an identity driven security approach based on Microsoft best practices. Proven ability to collaborate across multiple stakeholder teams to drive deployment efforts with Enterprise level customers. Lead peer teams and drive best practice sharing. Provide consultancy and act as business value advisers to customers. Drive delivery excellence and ensure a high standard of Data Quality. Plus de 3 ans d’expérience dans la prise en charge des technologies Microsoft 365, ainsi que des relations clients et une livraison technique solide Des compétences en communication anglaise et française (orales et écrites) sont souhaitables. Expérience des infrastructures infonuagiques et hybrides, des migrations et de la gestion de la technologie à l’échelle de l’entreprise Expérience en intégration, en déploiement, en migration dans :
Exchange
Onedrive et Sharepoint
EMS
Windows 10
OPP
Teams
Réseautage
Identité
Concepts infonuagiques
Sécurité et conformité
Création de scripts
Résolution de problèmes
Capacité d’influencer les autres Exchange Onedrive et Sharepoint EMS Windows 10 OPP Teams Réseautage Identité Concepts infonuagiques Sécurité et conformité Création de scripts Résolution de problèmes Capacité d’influencer les autres Passion pour le client – nous existons en raison du client et pour celui-ci. Nous avons besoin de personnes qui partagent cette passion et cette motivation pour rendre les expériences de nos clients faciles, intéressantes et dignes de confiance. Esprit de croissance – nous valorisons tous les points de vue et récompensons les personnes qui s’éloignent de ce qu’elles savent être vrai. Nous cherchons des gens qui pensent différemment et qui sont en faveur des actions qui visent à accomplir de grandes choses. Diversité et inclusion – nous permettons aux gens qui apportent des idées contemporaines de former nos équipes internes et nous encourageons les nouveaux employés à se sentir inclus. One Microsoft – nous collaborons et valorisons le travail des autres, en combinant leurs apprentissages avec les nôtres pour obtenir un meilleur résultat pour nos clients. Actions concrètes – nous favorisons les résultats en cherchant des moyens pour améliorer continuellement nos responsabilités quotidiennes ainsi que les liens entre notre travail et les autres. 3+ years' experience supporting Microsoft 365 technologies with customer relationships and strong technical delivery Fluent oral and written communication skills in French and English is preferred. Enterprise-scale experience with cloud and hybrid infrastructures, migrations, and technology management Onboarding/Deployment/ Migration experience in:
Exchange
Onedrive Sharepoint
EMS
Windows 10
OPP
Teams
Networking
Identity
Cloud concepts
Security and Compliance
Scripting
Problem solving
Influencing skills Exchange Onedrive Sharepoint EMS Windows 10 OPP Teams Networking Identity Cloud concepts Security and Compliance Scripting Problem solving Influencing skills Customer Obsession - we exist for and because of the customer. We need people who share that passion and drive to make our customers experiences easy, insightful and trusted. Growth Mindset - we value all perspectives and reward individuals that poke at the edges of what they know to be true. We are seeking people that think differently and are biased toward action to accomplish great things. Diverse & Inclusive - we enable people who bring a contemporary view to shape our internal teams and encourage all to feel included. One Microsoft - we collaborate and value the work of others, combining their learnings with our own to make a better outcome for our customers. Making a difference - we drive impact by looking for ways to continually improve our day to day responsibilities and the connections between our work and others. 
ScrapedJobID265:
Work with global cross functional teams to draft reliability test plans and test reports. Create test architecture for reliability qualification tests and production tests of components, PCBAs and systems based on industry best practices. Review qualification reports and provide constructive feedback Lead/support the identification of critical or high-risk components which affect Quality & Reliability. Drive test failures to root cause and corrective action. Provide project management support for reliability test projects. B.S in Electrical, Mechanical, Materials, or Reliability Engineering. M.S is a plus. Minimum 5 years of experience in electronic design, reliability engineering, and test development related functions. Knowledge of reliability engineering for electronic and mechanical systems and components. Hands-on experience of product qualification test and functional test development Proficiency in writing test plans and standard operating procedures. Knowledge of test equipment such as environmental chambers, oscilloscopes, DMMs. Able to publish product reliability evaluation and qualification reports and all relevant documentation both internally and with end customers. Practical knowledge of DFMEA. Excellent English verbal and written communication and presentation skills with ability to effectively collaborate with various levels of leadership in a matrix environment Strong Microsoft Office skills with ability to conduct complex data analysis, detailed status charts, reports and presentations Biased toward hands-on action and committed to delivering results Knowledge and understanding of the design and production process for systems and printed circuit boards, subassemblies. Strong knowledge of digital and analog design engineering for printed circuit boards. Able to plan and initiate failure analysis and drive failures to root cause and corrective action. Knowledge of IC packaging technology and reliability. Practical knowledge of project management. Familiar with electronic failure analysis methods Up to 10-25% regional and international travel 
ScrapedJobID266:
Use modern infrastructure management tools and services (such as AWS) to build a massively scalable platform for Grammarly services. Manage cloud-native infrastructure solutions such as cross-service infrastructure and domains, container orchestration and deployments, autoscaling toolset, service discovery, etc. Set up efficient and safe networking. Build solutions and frameworks to spin up, test, deploy, and observe Grammarly services without much effort. Manage third-party systems used by Grammarly's engineers. Participate in on-call incident response and escalation procedures. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Loves system administration, learns constantly, and can't wait to let us know about the latest cool tool you've tried. Has at least 3 years of experience managing a live production environment, preferably a high-load system. Has good knowledge and at least some experience with AWS—or, has deep expertise in Azure or GCE and is willing to learn AWS (and do it fast). Knows Linux inside and out (or, can prove that you can learn it quickly). Can deliver maintainable and high-quality code on Golang or other languages. Is a good communicator with the ability to collaborate effectively, empathetically, and proactively on a tightly integrated team. Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds products that help people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer ample and defined time off, catered lunches, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. Relocation support: We can help you relocate to Kyiv and make the experience smooth and easy. Grammarly provides a relocation bonus, legal and visa support, temporary housing, moving support and travel expenses, assistance in finding schools for your kids—and all other information you might need. 
ScrapedJobID267:
Responsible for cloud platform production infrastructure. Respond to production incidents; receiving on-call notifications of service distributions and coordinating with development teams to resolve outages. Create and share incident post-mortems. Set up and maintain observability infrastructure. Maintain service level objectives. Monitor and improve service performance and scalability. Reduce MTTR and False Positive rates. Ensure and report on GRC compliance. Reduce toil (automate, automate, and automate some more). You're passionate about researching, implementing, and managing solutions to build a cloud native platform. You get into deep philosophical debates about the benefits of each major cloud provider, and can argue the merits of each. You know what five nines means, and the steps needed to achieve it. You understand that observability is crucial, and you have a dashboard of metrics that prove it. You dream about new ways to optimize cloud infrastructure - AWS, Terraform. You laugh maniacally as you design chaos engineering tests. Your root cause analysis walks the fine line between detail and brevity while understanding the true goal is to learn, teach, and adapt. Your systems are so well maintained that you double check your alert settings because they haven't gone off in months. 
ScrapedJobID268:
Administration, configuration and maintenance of the application stack (Spring Boot, Database, K8S cluster, etc.) for customer on SAP C4C Cloud platform in public cloud Developing, managing and maintaining the SAP C4C Cloud automation platform to ensure all deployments and upgrades of relevant applications are performed smoothly Ensuring a sustainable high quality of services for customer C4C sites though proactive monitoring, planning and automation initiatives Troubleshooting and orientating resolutions to complex technical problems across multiple tiers Planning, reviewing and executing continuous system changes and improvements Developing and maintaining technical documentation in a highly readable manner In-depth application bottleneck diagnosis and platform performance tuning using APM and Database tools Acting as an escalation point for all technical issues related to the platform during the on-call shift Minimum of bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (preferably Computer Science or related disciplines), or equivalent combination of education and experience 2+ years direct experience in a similar role with cloud-oriented mentality Understanding of Microservices Architecture, Cloud Native Application and implementation best practices Good understanding one or more of these technologies or areas: Kubernetes, Istio, API Gateway, HANA Cloud, MongoDB, Kafka, ElasticSearch. Extensive experience with large-scale cloud-base application deployments across high availability cloud (public and/or private) infrastructure Solid understanding of common web protocols Highly skilled in CI/CD tools (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, Rundeck) and scripting (e.g. Python, Shell) Understanding of RDBMS, such as SAP HANA, MSSQL and MySQL Moderate understanding of C4C solutions and implementation best practices Highly customer-focused attitude, with natural ability to engage with customers and manage stakeholders Profound experience working in managed services or a cloud-based service provider like Azure or GCP Ability to multitask and prioritize tasks even under stressful conditions Professional efficiency in English(both verbal and written) Availability to on-occasion flexible working hours, as well as occasional participation in off-hour on-call support rotations AWS, Azure, GCP, AliCloud public cloud solutions Experience in C4C framework Web/Mobile application and software developing experience Understanding of JVM optimization, tuning and debugging VMWare stack for private cloud: Hypervisor, NSX and vCenter Application performance tuning and APM tools such as Dynatrace Database performance tuning for SAP HANA and/or MSSQL ITIL Certification(s) Scrum Certification(s) Experience in project management 
ScrapedJobID269:
Monday to Friday Azure Cloud/O365: 5 years (required) Azure Migration Assessments: 4 years (required) Cloud / Azure (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID270:
3 years of experience with Manual Testing 3 years of experience with Black-Box Testing 3 years of experience with Windows English, all the documentation is in English White-Box Testing French Networking protocols TCP Automation testing 3 ans d'expérience avec les tests manuels 3 ans d'expérience avec les tests Black-Box 3 ans d'expérience avec Windows Anglais, toute la documentation est en anglais Test en boîte blanche Français Protocoles réseau TCP Tests d'automatisation 
ScrapedJobID271:
You have experienced building cloud infrastructure that is highly available, secure and responsive. You bring deep experience with AWS and it's specific services (Fargate, RDS, IAM, etc). You take pride in building a scalable infrastructure, and have the knowledge to effectively monitor Briza's cloud infrastructure for incidents. Comfortable with modern Javascript (bonus points for node.js). You like doing a bit of everything, and working across multiple teams and our stack. At the core, you will be instrumental in growing our business by architecting and taking ownership of the direction of our infrastructure. Design and build engineering resources. You will ensure our processes and systems for alerting, logging, disaster recovery and monitoring (using DataDog) are best in class. Create and maintain our expanding infrastructure as code using Terraform. On-call rotation to respond to incidents. Ownership. We make durable decisions that consider the interests of Brizans, customers and shareholders Ambition. We're rewriting an industry, so that buying business insurance is easy. Teamwork. It takes a village. We lean on each other's strengths to grow and succeed. Honesty. Say what you mean and mean what you say. We're comfortable receiving and delivering feedback. 
ScrapedJobID272:
Manage and triage the team’s ticket queue Manage infrastructure pipelines including but not limited to Kubernetes clusters, container image registries, and secure vaults. Manage build pipelines for different programming languages Manage deploy pipelines to deploy container images to Kubernetes clusters Monitor and manage platform KPIs Help and coach project teams to use platforms and pipelines Knowledge of agile methodologies and tools e.g. Jira Experience with Git and Git workflows Interpersonal skills, and ability to flourish working in a fast-paced environment Ability to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary team, across multiple projects and multiple locations. Adaptive to change and ability to quickly learn and apply new concepts to business priorities Excellent analytic and problem-solving capabilities Experience with Docker containers Experience with Kubernetes Experience with Jenkins and Groovy language Experience with cloud based infrastructures and infrastructure as code Experience in software development is an asset Experience with Python Experience working with open source frameworks and leveraging capabilities scaled by the community at large Good understanding of networking concepts Academic : undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, collegiate diploma in computer science or equivalent experience (required) 
ScrapedJobID273:
Participate as a technical leader, providing solutions to operations problems Implement and enforce Information Security Policies and Procedures as directed Technology support with on-call rotation schedule (for escalations and incidents) Corporate network(s) maintenance & security, including endpoint security and compliance Participate in disaster recovery planning and implementation Help expend and improve the architecture our infrastructure hosting our SaaS product Manage identity and access policies across multiple environments Make high-value impacts on productivity throughout the software development lifecycle Enhance and maintain technology tools and infrastructure Contribute to new product implementation and provide upkeep to existing products and services Ensure 99.9% production SLA, with 24x7x365* availability in emergency situations Mentor team members on best practices and security implementations as required 5+ years’ experience as a DevOps or SRE engineer 2+ years’ experience operating within a production Kubernetes environment Cloud management experience on AWS Experience with continuous Integration platforms Experience with provisioning and deployments at scale Experience at monitoring multi-tier application at scale Strong documentation, planning, problem-solving, organizational and customer service skills Software debugging abilities in any language (we primarily use Python and PHP) is a strong plus Management and troubleshooting experience with complex network and implement security best practice Proven ability to manage multiple processes, priorities, and conflicting demands in a calm and professional manner Strong team player that communicates clearly, concisely and by selecting written, spoken or visual material that best suits the situation and intended audience 
ScrapedJobID274:
Extracting production data from various data sources, using that data to build out data model features and developing systems to serve data models in production. Architecting, designing and evaluating new approaches to deploy and sustain models in production. Applying AI/ML methods to massive data sets including real-time data streams. Designing, developing and enforcing best practices and standards around data engineering. Building, validating and deploying ML solutions that will help reinforce predictive and proactive dynamic optimizations in the dairy space. Taking ideas from inception to delivery, staying open-minded and looking beyond your stack to solve complex problems. 3+ years of experience working in machine learning and data engineering environments using associated data science/machine learning packages. Experience with cloud infrastructures, preferably AWS. Proven skills at driving system architecture from a ML perspective. Working knowledge with statistical machine learning algorithms or deep learning algorithms. Exceptional oral and written communication in English. Great communication skills no matter the audience (executive, management, team). Experience with data analysis tool sets in AWS (SageMaker, Data Lakes) Experience leveraging TensorFlow and/or time series forecasting Python knowledge including the use libraries such as Cykit, Pytorch or equivalents. Experience with agile project delivery. Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, or related technical area. Flexible work environment. You have the option to work remotely, even if you are located in proximity to one of our herdquarters. Autonomy and responsibility. We hire the best talent. We trust you to get the job done, how you do that is up to you. Career growth potential. Milk Moovement is a start-up so you'll have plenty of opportunities to make your mark on the product and the company from day one. An environment in which you are recognized and appreciated for what you do. Unlimited paid vacation, of which 2 weeks is required each year. It’s in the perks we want you to take it! Unlimited flex time for sick & mental health leave, volunteering, etc. to keep you feeling and working your best. Competitive salary structure. A piece of the pie (ESOP) - we want everyone to value and take pride in the work they do. Health and dental benefits. Monthly innovation day. Everyone works on their own creative project that may become part of the Milk Moovement system. More benefits to come as we continue to grow and add to our herd. And of course, unlimited cow/dairy puns! Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID275:
Perform as a technical expert in Geomatics and Geographical Information Systems (GIS) Technology. Provide technical advice, guidance, consultation and services to the Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems (RPAS) Team and clients to deal with problems and studies up to and including those of the highest order of complexity, and/or for the establishment of new or revised technical programs. Obtain and analyze pertinent information and recommend and, as appropriate, accomplish, perform tests, inspections, studies, etc. Establish and utilize contacts with suppliers and manufacturers and in other industries/ utilities as a resource for problem-solving. Participate in and/or chair meetings with involved groups, identify issues causing conflict or controversy (eg, work priorities, objectives, etc.), and work together to analyze alternative approaches, and to reach mutual agreement on the problem resolution. Develop proposals and produce recommendations for customer review, keeping Supervisor generally informed of outcome and significant impacts. Assist customer with implementation as requested or appropriate. Report to and receive direction from the Section Manager of the RPAS Team. Complete post processing of acquired RPAS data utilizing various software to produce 3D models with GIS referenced data including LiDAR. Field technical support and training to the RPAS Team with GIS technology. Carry out research and provide technical advice in procuring and using systems related to GIS technology. Provide generalist services to customers in other segments of the discipline(s). Lead projects/studies within the discipline(s), involving nonstandard requirements and the work direction of technician and technical/engineering staff and/or carry out full responsibility for assigned ongoing technical work programs. Develop work plans, determine resource requirements and balance workload with available resources (if applicable), coordinate work efforts with other involved groups, adapt project/study activities to address changing priorities, anticipate and resolve problems which pose an impediment to successful completion, and accomplish planned work results to the satisfaction of the client and Supervisor and within established budgetary and scheduling constraints. Produce reports or other documents and/or presentations as required to portray results of studies and field tests carried out, to present evidence to support conclusions drawn or recommendations advanced, and/or to provide a resource for reference and use by others involved in the discipline. Evaluate and secure the services and products of external firms, in accordance with corporate policies and divisional programs. Appear before government authorities, agencies, regulatory bodies and legislative hearings as a technical expert in the discipline to make representations to secure, protect, or advance OPG’s interests. Be a technical spokesperson in public forums for the Business Unit (eg, Speaker’s Bureau). Contribute as required to committees and task forces to conduct studies and/or carry out work programs for the Business Unit, OPG, and/or other utilities or industries. Ensure that all work activities, programs, studies, and customer services reflect an awareness of applicable legislated, corporate and departmental safety requirements and programs and are in compliance with same. Anticipate future regulations/requirements and provide input into their formulation. Contribute to the development and administration of the departmental/divisional safety program. May be required to participate in budget submissions, financial evaluations and purchase justifications as requested. Keep abreast of latest developments in the assigned technical discipline, through reference to relevant technical publications and regular interface with research, industrial, and educational bodies. Perform other duties as required. A minimum of three (3) years of demonstrated GIS work-related experience and a University degree with a Post Graduate Certificate in Geographical Information Systems (GIS) Technology or GIS Community College Certificate. University degree being -Civil Engineering and/or Geotechnical degree; Demonstrated experience in GIS and Database principles and best practices, and the ability to leverage GIS in a complex, integrated corporate environment. Strong knowledge of Esri GIS products, including ArcGIS (Map and Pro) and ArcGIS Online Software and related Esri development environments is required. Professional expertise in land surveying, GIS, CADD and mapping using drones/aerial systems. Thorough technical knowledge of relational database systems, development and administration principles and their relationship to GIS. Sound knowledge of Total Station, GIS equipment and setup. Experience with flying drones in a business environment and experience with programming languages such as Python would be considered an asset. Ability to communicate with all levels of staff, Transport Canada, and the general public courteously and effectively which reflects the professionalism of the organization. Generate or coordinate deliverables, such as photo logs, videos, maps, figures, and survey drawing. Knowledge of advanced Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAV)/Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems (RPAS)/drone data capture and processing methods, including photogrammetry, LiDAR, thermography. Ideal candidate to be proficient in Pix4D. Ability to produce photogrammetry outputs such as point clouds, orthomosaic georeferenced models using RTK and PPK modes. Experience working with LiDAR payload on aerial systems & post-processing data using the appropriate software as per client’s requirement. Working knowledge of capturing and developing thermographic outputs using Remotely Piloted Aerial System. Monday to Friday Pickering, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Bachelor's Degree (required) GIS work-related: 3 years (required) ArcGIS (Map and Pro) and ArcGIS Online Software: 1 year (preferred) land surveying, GIS, CADD: 1 year (preferred) LiDAR payload on aerial systems: 1 year (preferred) mapping using drones/aerial systems: 1 year (preferred) Pix4D: 1 year (preferred) flying drones in a business environment: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID276:
Annual Salary: $70000-80000 Eligible for yearly profit sharing program bonuses Work from home schedule (up to 100% during COVID) Part of a fast-growing, exciting, and challenging environment. You will receive a budget for speaking at conferences and meetups. You will be mentored by and work closely with senior staff. You will receive time and a budget for training. You will be provided with perks such as company lunches on Thursdays. You will receive a great health benefits package. You will receive a free audible account You will receive a minimum of 3 weeks' vacation. Our famous AK Nitro Gaming Chair so you can pentest in style :) A picture here: https://www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php?cPath=1283_1333_1334&item_id=086607 Share our core values (please see below). Experience performing application, mobile pentesting, or comparable experience doing independent research or bug bounties. If pentesting experience is limited an OSCP, OSWE, or GWAPT would go a long way to closing the gap. Demonstrated software development background in one or more of Python, .NET, Ruby, Java, Objective C/Swift. You have competed in CTFs (Capture The Flags). Expert with OWASP Top 10 and can explain them easily. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Experience in adjacent security related roles e.g. Secure Development/Engineering, Security Operations/SOC/Blue Teaming, Incident Response, IT Security, etc. Experience or security certification in cloud technologies (AWS, Azure) Open-source contributions Public speaking experience Performing training in a professional capacity Teaching experience, preferably security or CS topics Keeping it Secure: Software Secured's mission and values are a part of everything we do. We care about how our clients can do what they do without having to worry about hackers disrupting their work. Curiosity and humility: We are dedicated to learning and constantly improving. We hire the best of the best, humility is the key to remain the best. Own it: our engineers work hard to improve the state of web application security. To get there, we need to own every project, every assessment, every challenge and every line of code. Dive Deep: hard problems require diving deep to understand the real cause of the problem, we are not afraid of diving deep to come up with the best solutions. Bold: we take huge risks so our clients can minimize theirs, taking risks is part of what we do daily so we ensure the highest impact of our solutions. 
ScrapedJobID277:
Partner with business primes to understand their business strategy and data goals, then work with them to propose and implement capabilities that can achieve these outcomes Provide technical expertise and guidance collaborating with other data and analytics professionals to design, build, and manage our data and analytics solutions (pipeline, storage, integration, analytics) Collaborate with vendors and other technical teams across TELUS to ensure that our approach is coordinated and scalable for the future needs of TELUS Be curious, stay current on top developments in cloud technology and machine learning and identify opportunities to use these approaches to drive a data centric culture Architecting and implementing next generation data and analytics platforms on Google Cloud Platform Design and implementing ingestion and curation functions on Google Cloud Platform using GCP native or custom programming Planning and building semantic layer (business logic) capabilities using Big Query and/or LookML (or equivalent technologies) Database knowledge and experience with establishing pipelines and data marts across different database platforms Strong understanding of dimensional modeling concepts – facts vs. dimensions, surrogate keys, and data granularity Knowledge of SQL including writing, debugging and tuning T-SQL queries, creating SQL tables, views and stored procedures and a strong understanding of relational databases Mentoring and helping fellow team members develop their technical capabilities and progress in their careers Being comfortable with working within tailored delivery methodologies based on what best suits a project and team (Agile, Kanban etc.) Articulating and communicating technical approaches and information to a business orientated audience 
ScrapedJobID278:
8+ years experience in a DevOps role Must have experience with CI/CD Pipelines and hands on work experience with DevOPS tools such as, Jenkins, Github and Docker. Experience using one of the following: Kubernetes /Terraform / Helm Languages: PHP / Java / Golang Must have experience with Python/Bash as a scripting language Strong working knowledge/ Understanding/Experience with: Cloud, web and support operations Software debugging, web applications, load balancers, apache, etc. Able to learn new skills and technology quickly Be able to join a 24/7 on-call rotation Energetic with amazing customer service skills and a team-oriented approach Strong verbal and written communication skills Reviewing logs and providing recommendation for risk mitigation. Reviewing vulnerability data and performing mitigation of risks present. Resolving issues that are formally documented in a Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&M) report. Document and follow SOP's Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field Sane working hours (with flexible scheduling). The team is small and agile, so you will have a direct impact on the product, but big enough that you are never alone. While our office in Montreal is available to everyone, a flexible work from home program is currently the norm. Health care and dental coverage for all full time employees (Blue Cross) National telemedicine service, paid for by the company for full time employees enrolled in benefits programs. Generous compensation and stock options. Everyone at Salesfloor is agile, engaged and ready to contribute to impact the growth of our business. Seasoned employees, new hires and founders all work together and help each other every day. Founders and leadership team have a proven track record for successful start-ups and previous exits. 
ScrapedJobID279:

ScrapedJobID280:

ScrapedJobID281:
3 mois de formation complète gratuite et de projets dirigés par des experts de l'industrie:
Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception
Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST
Cloud Computing et DevOps
Analyse de données avec SQL et Python
Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST Cloud Computing et DevOps Analyse de données avec SQL et Python Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. L'opportunité d'améliorer considérablement vos compétences en travaillant avec des responsables techniques et des professionnels tout en écrivant plus de 15 000 lignes de code en Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Placement garanti de deux ans après la réussite du programme. La chance d'améliorer vos compétences générales pour libérer de nouveaux potentiels, confiance et leadership. Un soutien ciblé pour vous aider à développer votre carrière tout au long du programme et au-delà, y compris le coaching, les opportunités de réseautage professionnel et l'obtention de certifications reconnues par l'industrie Bilingue (anglais/français) est un plus mais pas une exigence Diplôme en informatique, technologie, ingénierie ou dans une discipline mathématique (STEM) Aptitude au raisonnement logique et à la résolution quantitative de problèmes Bonne communication orale et écrite Capacités de collaboration et de travail en équipe Légalement autorisé à travailler au Canada (citoyen/résident permanent/permis de travail) Maîtrise de Java ou d'un autre langage de programmation orienté objet (par exemple C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) Etre familié avec les bases de données SGBDR ou No-SQL Avoir suivi au moins un cours (en ligne ou scolaire) lié à la conception d'algorithmes et de structures de données Un plus à avoir : Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curieux - Vous êtes intéressé à expérimenter, apprendre, innover et essayer de nouvelles choses Axé sur le client - Vous vous efforcez de créer de la valeur pour vos clients et de toujours livrer avec qualité Flexible - Vous restez concentré sur les résultats même lorsque les plans et les priorités changent et vous apportez constamment de la valeur Humble - Vous reconnaissez vos forces ainsi que vos opportunités et êtes toujours prêt à apprendre des autres Collaboratif - Vous appréciez le succès du groupe et partagez librement vos connaissances, votre expérience et vos idées La capacité de faire reconnaître et récompenser votre potentiel Formation pratique et pertinente utilisant les dernières technologies Un soutien pour vous aider à établir votre carrière et à atteindre vos objectifs L'opportunité de travailler sur des projets innovants au sein d'une variété de grandes entreprises canadiennes Un package de rémunération compétitif avec un soutien à l'apprentissage continu 3-months of cost-free comprehensive training and projects led by industry experts:
Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns
Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API
Cloud Computing and DevOps
Data Analytics with SQL and Python
Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API Cloud Computing and DevOps Data Analytics with SQL and Python Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. The opportunity to drastically improve your skills by working with Tech Leads and Professionals while writing more than 15k lines of code in Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Guaranteed two-year placement upon successful completion of the program. The chance to improve your soft skills to unlock new potential, confidence, and leadership. Dedicated support to help you develop your career throughout the program and beyond including, coaching, professional networking opportunities and attaining industry-recognized certifications Bilingual (English/French) is required Diploma or degree in computer science, technology, engineering, or a mathematical discipline (STEM) Aptitude for logical reasoning and quantitative problem solving Good oral and written communication skills Good collaboration and teamwork skills Legally permitted to work in Canada (citizen/permanent resident/work permit) Proficient with Java or another object oriented programming language ( e.g. C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc) Familiar with with RDBMS or No-SQL databases Have completed at least one course (online or school) related to designing algorithms and data structures Nice-to-have: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curious - You’re interested in experimenting, learning, innovating, and trying new things Customer Focused – You strive to create value for your customers and always deliver with quality Adaptable - You maintain a focus on results even as plans and priorities change and consistently deliver value Humble - You recognize your strengths as well as your opportunities and are always willing to learn from others Collaborative - You value the success of the group and freely share your knowledge, experience, and insight The ability to have your potential recognized and rewarded Practical and relevant training utilizing the newest technologies Support to help you establish your career and achieve your goals The opportunity to work on innovative projects within a variety of Canada’s top companies A competitive compensation package with support for continuous learning 
ScrapedJobID282:
Design processes and tools to manage multiple AWS accounts for internal development and external customer releases. Implement policies, procedures, and tooling to ensure the security of all internal and external systems. Setup, customize and maintain the production environment infrastructure and automation. Oversee and troubleshoot rollover of the test system to the production system. Troubleshoot production issues and coordinate with customers and the development team to streamline code deployment and issue resolution. Plan, develop, document, and implement infrastructure architectural changes. Document problems and communicate with the teams regarding support tickets with our internal ticketing system, Jira. Monitor metrics and find ways to improve processes and development velocity. Education: You hold a bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent experience DevOps philosophy: A solid understanding of DevOps principles and culture. Interpersonal skills: Excellent communication skills– written, verbal and non-verbal. You’re considerate and have the ability to develop cooperative relationships with your team members. Coding: Experience programming in Python or similar languages. Head in the cloud: Extensive experience with Amazon’s AWS cloud environment and services such as Batch, EC2, CloudFormation, and CloudWatch. Tech savvy: Prior experience working with virtualization technologies, including virtual machines and containers. Linux: Know all about configuration, administration, optimization and monitoring of Linux, including shell scripting. Monitoring: Prior experience setting up and maintaining metrics and monitoring infrastructure, e.g. ELK stack or similar. Config automation: Expertise tracking configuration and deployments using GitHub, Jenkins, and Ansible. Databases & networks: Experience with administering SQL databases and a solid understanding of networks and networking concepts. Sharp with software tools: Solid understanding of Jira, and IT support ticketing management systems. Quality: Enjoy creating clear and concise technical documentation and SOPs. Attention to detail: Thorough and accurate Organizational skills: Ability to organize, meet deadlines in a fast paced, changing environment. Team-focused: Valuing team success and have the ability to liaise with multiple stakeholders. 
ScrapedJobID283:
You will support a video platform/microservices deployed on OCP and GKE clusters You will deploy new microservices and delivery pipelines to provide the best experience to software engineers and customers Work with cloud-native technologies, combining the modern technologies, practices, and products into a cohesive platform to enable world-leading software development You will participate in a large-scale project involving a number of backend, web, and mobile applications, all structured around Agile practices and a DevOps culture. You will work with other senior architects in order to identify the best way to develop, integrate, and deliver a new service You will provide an indication of the effort needed to implement the necessary architectures, to support the technical leads create unified and reliable delivery plans Public cloud (AWS, GCP) Container platforms (GKE, EKS, OpenShift) Infrastructure-as-Code (Terraform) Galera, Cassandra, Elastic search, MySQL Load Balancers, Firewalls Continuous Integration/Delivery (GitHub Actions, GCP Cloud Build, Spinnaker, Jenkins) Backend and API development (Python, Java, Go, etc.) Agile product management – SAFE, Scrum, Kanban, etc. 5+ years of relevant experience, advanced technical and analytical skills, confident in making and owning technical decisions Advanced ability to lead and collaborate with a variety of diverse groups and technical teams (internal and/or external) Support specific customer issues through assessment, interpretation, resolution or recommendations Creative approach to problem solving and an ability to work independently in an environment with high levels of ambiguity Ability to manage key deliverables as part of an extended project team Strong communication and interpersonal skills; confident with presenting material to peers and senior management Bachelors in Engineering or Computer Science Site reliability engineering practices Multi- or Hybrid-cloud architectures Big Data & Analytics – Kafka, Kinesis, Hadoop, Big Query, DataFlow, Pub/Sub, etc. Front-end & Mobile application development Knowledge of video delivery architectures Content encryption and protection 
ScrapedJobID284:
Cloud Engineering (cloud computing) experience with AWS, GCP, and/or Azure to include load balancing Infrastructure as a code (Terraform / Pulumi / Cloudformation) Designed and maintained CI/CD process and tools (CircleCI, GitLab, Jenkins) In-depth experience with the orchestration tools (Kubernetes) In-depth experience with the config management tools (Helm, Ansible, Chef Puppet) Testing, code review, good communication skills AWS Professional Certificates Kubernetes Certificates Google Cloud Certificates Azure Certificates Architect and integrate new applications along with occasional legacy applications Build and maintain, update tool for deployment, monitoring, operations, and security Troubleshoot and resolve issues in dev, testing, and production environments Structure and maintain software config management systems Scale for demand Work with high growth, technology clients Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Suggest improvements and enhancements Bring new features and services into production Competitive salary and bonuses, including performance-based salary increases. Generous paid-time-off policy Technology / Office stipend Health Coverage Flexible working hours Work remotely Continuing education, training, conferences Company-sponsored coursework, exams, and certifications 
ScrapedJobID285:
You have 2-4 years of production engineering experience You value communication and empathy as much as technical prowess You can navigate a Linux command line You have experience automating systems using any modern configuration management system (Chef, Ansible, Puppet) You have experience running services on a cloud platform (AWS, GCP, Azure) You can write reliable code in at least one scripting language (Python, Ruby, Perl, JavaScript etc.), though this won’t be a focus of our interview process You’re excited to create a modern, scalable infrastructure and automate away drudgery Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% premium coverage for medical, dental and vision for you and your family Additional: Health and DC FSA, Life insurance, with options for STD, LTD Retirement Plan: match up to 1% of annual salary for 401k or RRSP contributions Education Stipend: $1k annual education & development benefit Perk card: $150 per month towards health, wellness, and other perks via Assembly Cell Phone: $50 per month stipend towards cell phone reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID286:
Support a global customer base via GitHub, community, email or ticketing systems Demonstrate ownership, follow-through with customers and drive issues to resolution Reproduce customer issues and test new product functionality Partner with customers to achieve their desired goals by illustrating best practices Adhere to contractual SLAs for responsiveness Update and extend documentation Participate in on-call rotation Communicate recurring issues, challenges, and roadblocks in a timely manner. Experience in a customer-facing position Excellent English written and verbal communication skills Empathy for people facing technical challenges 4+ years of technical work experience: support, development, engineering, etc. Significant experience in Linux-based application hosting environments, administration experience a plus Proficient in at least one scripting language (Ruby, Python, Bash, etc.) Wide-ranging knowledge in database concepts, database clustering, HA services, load balancing, automation, monitoring and configuration management. Knowledge of Networking and HTTP(S)d DevOps experience on public cloud environments Experience with containerization in a production environment. Experience working with RESTful APIs Familiarity with Automation tools such as Ansible, puppet Software development experience, particularly Golang is a plus Git or other version control systems experience Familiarity with system monitoring tools and practices (nagios, zabbix, Zenoss, Sensu, Chronograf) Documentation or tech writing experience Professional Services or Training experience Multi-lingual Experience with time-series data tools We value each other We get stuff done We believe humility drives learning We embrace failure We are committed to open source 
ScrapedJobID287:
Hands-on experience working on IT and business transformations to cloud technologies Experience with Google Cloud Platform-GCP technologies (BigQuery, etc) Deep technical background expertise in BI and Analytics Build and maintain data pipelines, provision infrastructure and secure reliable data centric services and applications in AWS and Google Cloud Platform Own the Data Engineering and ops roadmap Assist in extracting, loading, transforming, cleaning and validation of data Support data pipelines feeding into ML algorithms and models Support ad-hoc data analysis requests to advance our digital analytics practice AWS Professional Solution Architect Certification or Google Cloud Certification Minimum 5years of hands-on experience analyzing, re-architecting and re-platforming on-premise data warehouses to data platforms on AWS / GCP Minimum 3-5 years of designing and building production data pipelines from ingestion to consumption within a hybrid big data architecture, using Java, Python, Scala etc. Minimum 3-5 years of architecting and implementing next generation data and analytics platforms on AWS / GCP. Minimum 3-5 years of designing and implementing data engineering, ingestion and curation functions on AWS / GCP or custom programming. Minimum 3-5 years experience in performing detail assessments of current state data platforms and creating an appropriate transition path to AWS / GCP. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Technical Science or 5+ years of technical architecture and build experience with large scale solutions. Experience with CDPs and Looker for data visualization an Asset Minimum 5 years of experience in architecting large-scale data solutions, performing architectural assessments, crafting architectural options and analysis, finalizing preferred solution alternative working with IT and Business stakeholders. 5 years of hands-on experience designing and implementing data ingestion solutions on AWS / GCP using custom approaches. 3-5 years of hands-on experience architecting and designing data lakes on AWS / GCP cloud serving analytics and BI application integrations. 3-5 years of experience in designing and optimizing data models on AWS / GCP 3-5 years of experience integrating security services with AWS / GCP data services for building secure data solutions. 3-5 Architecting and implementing data governance and security for data platforms on AWS / GCP. Designing operations architecture and conducting performance engineering for large scale data lakes a production environment. 
ScrapedJobID288:
3+ years of professional experience. Excellent oral and written communication skills in both English and Korean Open to dedicating to Korean support Must have demonstrated proficiency in Systems administration (Linux and/or Windows Servers) and Networking (DNS, TCP/IP) Bachelor’s degree in Information Science / Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field. Open to working non-standard hours (no night shifts) including a Sun-Mon or Fri-Sat weekend. Learn and use groundbreaking technologies. Apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide unique solutions to our customers' individual needs. Interact with leading engineers around the world. Partner with Amazon Web Services teams to help reproduce and resolve customer issues. Leverage your extensive customer support experience to provide feedback to internal AWS teams on how to improve our services. Drive customer communication during critical events. Drive projects that improve support-related processes and our customers’ technical support experience. Write tutorials, how-to videos, and other technical articles for the developer community. Work on critical, highly complex customer problems that may span multiple AWS services. First and foremost this is a customer support role – in The Cloud. On a typical day, a Support Engineer will be primarily responsible for solving customer’s cases through a variety of customer contact channels which include telephone, email, and web/live chat. You will apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide tailored solutions for our customers and drive customer interactions by thoughtfully working with customers to dive deep into the root cause of an issue. Apart from working on a broad spectrum of technical issues, an AWS Support Engineer may also coach/mentor new hires, develop & present training, partner with development teams on complex issues or contact deflection initiatives, participate in new hiring, write tools/script to help the team, or work with leadership on process improvement and strategic initiatives. Career development: We promote advancement opportunities across the organization to help you meet your career goals. Training: We have training programs to help you develop the skills required to be successful in your role. Support engineers interested in travel have presented training or participated in focused summits across our sites or at specific AWS events. As we operate on a follow-the-sun model, with Premium Support sites located globally, working hours and days are based on customer demand and may include weekends (on a rotational basis). Experience working with customers Experience analyzing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions for technical issues Expertise with IPsec, VPN, Load Balancing, Iperf, MTR, Routing Protocols, SSH, Network Monitoring / Troubleshooting tools Some programming / scripting experience (Java, Perl, Ruby, C#, and/or PHP) Experience managing full application stacks from the OS up through custom applications Prior working experience with cloud services Strong customer focus Strong multi-tasking skills Self-starter who is excited about technology 
ScrapedJobID289:
5+ years ETL experience Minimum of 1 year experience with Azure Data Factory (ADF) Ability to perform data analysis and data profiling Ability to perform data integration, data transformation, data cleansing and data loading Strong SQL skills Ability to perform performance turning and optimization Alteryx experience desirable 
ScrapedJobID290:
Helping automate everything around CI/CD and deployment, while also helping to troubleshoot interesting issues that arise. You’ll be doing that as we scale to 100,000+ customers. Working with the existing team to evaluate our current cloud infrastructure, make recommendations, and implement improvements to create simplicity, save costs, and set-up the business as we scale. Providing guidance to the R&D team on best practices/tools/services to use in AWS. Fostering a DevOps culture throughout the R&D organization. You preach infrastructure as code and help to use tools like Terraform and CloudFormation. On occasion and as needed, work with the support team to investigate and resolve customer issues. 3+ years of experience with AWS 3+ years of experience working for a SaaS company hosting their application on AWS 7+ years of experience with Linux/Unix administration 7+ years of experience with CI/CD systems (Jenkins, Circle-ci, Travis, etc.) 7+ years of experience with SQL and PostgreSQL (NoSQL experience is a plus) Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service Strong understanding of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby) Ruby on Rails knowledge is helpful but not a must Strong understanding of Docker and container orchestration Ability to use a wide variety of open-source technologies and cloud services Being able to successfully manage multiple projects simultaneously and handle a fast-paced work environment, new challenges, and changing priorities "Customer service is an attitude, not a department" - this quote should resonate with you We appreciate people who can take a stand yet commit even when they disagree. We subject ideas to rigorous consideration and challenge each other, but all remember that we’re here for the same purpose: to do good work together. That comes with direct feedback, openness to each other's experience, and willingness to show up for each other 
ScrapedJobID291:
Awesome work-from-home policy with quarterly in-person meetings around the world Competitive salaries for quick-learners and fast-paced individuals You will have the ability to gain career experience beyond strict job requirements, with decision-making power to be the master of your own projects Resources for self-improvement including courses, software, workshops, and conferences We are committed to hiring great people from diverse backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger Develop a comprehensive test automation solution for our EcoRail product Design and build automated test suites and test scripts to validate the quality of Rail Vision products Collaborate with the Development Team to enhance the Development Methodology to insure the delivery of high quality products, Work with Developers to develop automated tests which validate development deliveries. Evaluate and recommend selection of QA methodologies, processes, automation and testing tools Drive continuous product development and contribute to direction of technological development Maintain a high-level of communication between managers and development team Conduct formal presentations to other team members, managers, and in public Contribute to various aspects of a growing company Be an ambassador of technological advancement and revolutionized transportation Grow personal connections to the industry to understand trends and opportunities 1-2 years of relevant work experience Hands-on experience developing and deploying ML models, data pipelines, and running experiments to validate your models Deep understanding of predictive modeling, machine-learning, clustering and classification techniques, and common CS algorithms Strong working knowledge of statistical techniques (distributions, regressions, error bounds, etc.) Experience with git version control, docker, agile methodology, MS 365, and other common software tools Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (MSc. preferred) (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry Python including data processing modules NumPy, Pandas, SciPy Python Machine Learning modules such as Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch SQL (MySQL and Postgres) TimeSeries database (InfluxDB) Cloud computing specifically AWS (VPC, S3, Aurora, RDS, EC2, Step Functions, Lambda, SageMaker) APIs: REST, GraphQL Data Formats: CSV, JSON, XML Development tools: PyCharm, Docker, GIT, Jira, Confluence Agile Development (Kanban, SCRUM) Driven, self-motivated, and detail-focused individuals Clear and concise communicators Passion for career growth and continuous learning Organized in work habits, schedules, timelines, documentation and correspondence Remote work with quarterly in-person meetings (location is voted on every quater) Incentives offered such as Employee Stock Options and yearly bonuses 
ScrapedJobID292:
Build and deploy 'big data' data pipelines at scale by exploring multiple approaches through a problem solving mindset Design, implement, and maintain data pipelines for ETL of data from a wide variety of data sources to various destinations Help support internal process and performance improvements Automate manual processes and optimize services and the rate at which data is consumed / produced Software development experience with exposure to data engineering focused projects Proficiency in at least one major language (e.g. Python, Scala, Ruby) and SQL, as well as a striving to write elegant and maintainable code, and ability to pick up new technologies Passion for all things data - you spearhead personal projects, follow latest trends, and experiment with new data tools and technologies Curiosity, collaboration, excellent communication and listening skills, and ability to seek clarity from senior team members 
ScrapedJobID293:
Instrument Everything: work with the Product Analytics team to instrument our products, feeding data into our data lake and data warehouse for consumption by stakeholders and our analysts Build Data Excellent & Integrity: assist with continuing to grow our available data sources, providing structure to unstructured data, work to integrate and implement a wide range of data sets in our data lake and data warehouse, to enable us to proactively identify insights to share with our product and engineering teams Effectively Communicate: Work cross functionally and communicate effectively to enable effective flow of projects with key stakeholders, team members and executives. Instrumentation Engineering Focused: You have experience working with instrumentation platforms, SDKs, and APIs. Grafana, Google analytics, Segment, Snowplow, data warehousing, clickstreams are technologies you’ve worked with in the past and are familiar with. You’ll be owning the instrumentation stack end to end, which means eventing in React, Android/iOS apps, modifying backend services (TS, Python, .NET) to ensure data is clean and flowing through various ETL pipelines and making its way to the warehouse and data lake. Building insights out from this data is a core competency you’ll need to build, with help from our existing analytics team. Proven Data Engineer: You have experience building data lakes, processing and querying of large quantities of structured and unstructured data. You have experience working in the modern analytics stack, experienced operating within the AWS, GCP or Azure ecosystems. Familiarity with storage & data processing technologies such as S3, EMR, Athena, Snowflake a major plus. Natural Problem Solver: You are comfortable with ambiguity: you can quickly navigate complexity and bring structure to chaos. You like to think creatively and strive to find the optimal solution. Team-oriented: You are excited about finding and delivering insights effectively to teams in terms they can understand. You have a team-first attitude that allows you to work effectively with cross-functional teams, and you love helping others drive successful business outcomes in their areas of responsibility. Startup Mentality: You love a fast-paced, high-intensity environment that requires you to balance multiple projects, and can prioritize your work in both short- and long-term contexts. Self-starter: You thrive in an ambiguous environment where you are empowered to establish your own timelines, process and project plans. A Believer: You understand that technology can simplify, delight and enhance our lives and hope to build transformative innovation as part of your career. Courageous: You think big and aren’t afraid to fail. 2+ years of experience in an analytics capacity, experience with web and product analysis a plus Background in SQL, and working with other data analysis tools, cloud-tool experience is a plus Strong project management skills Experience leading entrepreneurial efforts, collaborating with cross-functional teams and project management to drive ideas forward A passion for the HomeX mission 
ScrapedJobID294:
Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems (Git) Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken . Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments . Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud . Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform . Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash . Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres . Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience . An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID295:
Expert in AWS Computing using API’s Deep experience with DevOps Scripting skills in Python and CloudFormation Knowledge of Cloud networking on AWS Working knowledge of AWS Security and Best Practices Application Stack installation and configuration Solid Windows and Linux OS Admin Skills Experience with Data Backup and Recovery systems Infrastructure Cloud Migration Experience Remediation of helpdesk requests and IT incidents for Clients Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Monitoring of IT infrastructure and on-call support as required MLOps (AWS Machine Learning) experience desirable Desire to grow technology skills. Computer Science degree or equivalent experience 5+ years of technical support experience in Windows / Linux environments Professional certifications are considered assets 
ScrapedJobID296:

ScrapedJobID297:
Strong understanding of DevOps processes & procedures & Tools Experience with Azure DevOps products (work item, Wiki, git, repos, pipelines, release manager) Experience with application operation monitoring (such as App Dynamic, OpsRamp) and change management (such as ServiceNow) Cloud experience deploy and using PaaS resources(Azure / AWS) Build & deployment automation with Application as a Code pipelines\ NuGet and NPM Packaging Containers/Docker, Repository manager Create Application as a Code pipelines include various task group for automated testing, security scans, quality gates and release control gates Create and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations Play a critical role in building systems to: Manage and automate platforms and servers Help the development team with tools and services to enhance productivity Design, build, maintain and optimize systems for deployment, monitoring and operations. Monitor, refine and resolve issues with dev, test and production environments. Identify and setup tools to optimize team members’ work. Work closely with and assist Systems Administrator as needed. Operate within a regulated quality management system. Kubernetes Container and Docker AaC, PaaS, IaC Container Management Container Registry Container Configuration Container Control plane Vault and Secret Management Terraform Ansible Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID298:
Focusing on developing and optimizing CI/CD pipelines and infrastructure on public cloud platforms. Supporting developers with new and existing architecture and deployment patterns. Developing and improving upon security and operational practices. Utilizing IaC technologies to deliver infrastructure as an application component of the CI/CD pipeline. Designing and leading DevOps initiatives and practices to ensure optimal performance, uptime, security and efficiency of applications and their deployment cycles. Constantly learning and improving yourself and others around you to ensure optimal service delivery to customers and teams. You are empowered to try new technologies and processes, always questioning the status quo for ever improving outcomes 4+ years of production public cloud experience, preferably AWS or Azure Cloud infrastructure using IaC, for example Terraform or CloudFormation Coding and scripting/coding skills to achieve high quality, testable automation Configuration and secrets management, for example Hashicorp Vault Experience with: CI/CD pipelines including GitHub actions & AWS CodePipeline Docker and container management, preferably AWS ECS or K8s Git/Github Monitoring, alerting, APM and tracing platforms, preferably Datadog Experience in operations, administering Linux systems Security-first approach Everything as code mindset Collaborative team player focuses optimizing the process and minimizing waste Desire to develop and lead best practices with a strong focus on customer and business outcomes Experience developing and optimizing data-driven dashboards to measure and progress objectives Intellectual curiosity and a love of continuous learning in a polyglot environment Ability to respond on-call in a rotation and lead incident management activities Kubernetes in production experience Java MySQL/postgres Experience with Microservice architecture patterns Security and compliance as code technologies 
ScrapedJobID299:
Work on next-generation distributed systems for operations management Build and architect systems for managing extremely large-scale global fleets of resources Interface directly with internal teams, users and HashiCorp customers Own the full lifecycle of development including design, testing, release, and running the service in production Program mostly in Golang, learning from and contributing to a team committed to continually improving their skills Work on issues and improvements critical to the success of HashiCorp customers and the broader community Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation that supports our critical production services You have 4+ years of professional software development experience You have strong language experience using Go You are familiar with microservices architectures, and ideally have seen them in operation at a global scale You have prior experience working in high performance or distributed systems You are able to knowledgeably discuss performance, security, and user interactions in complex systems You have a strong understanding of security principles You have built or operated a large scale Cloud service Introductory Call with someone from our recruiting team. First Interview with an Engineering Manager Interview Loop with additional team members, with the following panel:
Technical Code Pairing interview
Code Review interview
Communication and Collaboration interview
Systems and architecture interview Technical Code Pairing interview Code Review interview Communication and Collaboration interview Systems and architecture interview If applicable, a final conversation with the Engineering Manager for the team you would be joining Offer 
ScrapedJobID300:
If you want to join a company that has both the dynamism of a start-up and the scale of a multinational organization, do not hesitate to apply and join our teams! 
ScrapedJobID301:
Cooperate with developers and infrastructure teams to ensure highly available and scalable production systems. Build and maintain highly available and scalable production systems. Manage core production systems, including frequent changes and updates. Rapidly identify and resolve problems in production systems. Provide support during off hours (nights and weekends) when necessary. At least 3 years’ experience managing and maintaining Linux and Windows servers in a global, multi-server environment. Strong familiarity with opensource tools such as Mysql, Zabbix, OpenStack, Ceph, Nomad, Consul, Kubernetes, Vault, Kafka, RabbitMQ, CouchDB. Experience with both Linux and Windows operating systems. Experience with Cloud providers and platforms including AWS, Azure, Alibaba Experience in Python/Bash scripts, Terraform, Puppet. Prior work experience in an Internet/SaaS company Intelligent, curious and love to learn and explore new depths in the technology you use every day. Willing and able to meet a challenge head-on, solve problems independently and make things happen. Open minded, flexible and thrive in a highly dynamic, fast-paced, ever-changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID302:
Help foster a strong culture of quality across developers, product managers, and other business stakeholders Work within a cross functional team aimed at delivering high valued solutions Code, test and implement full stack solutions to meet business needs Create intuitive, robust and reusable test and automation interfaces using modern frameworks Maintain quality and best practices across the products. You think digital first and believe all customer experiences should be simple and effective A creative problem solver that can develop a plan, take ownership of tasks, and are outcome focused A team player, technical mentor, keen to coach others and share ideas with your team An exceptional communicator able to articulate technical issues in plain language You keep up to date on web and mobile development trends and understanding how it applies to our customers’ needs You understand the importance and necessity of testing and yet be balanced enough to understand the value of delivery 3+ years testing experience with an expertise in test automation framework/tools (JavaScript/Node.js/Cypress preferred), test case design at different levels such as component/service, integration and end to end/user scenarios Experience in a QA/test environment with a focus on technical, automated testing in a variety of environments (distributed, cloud and mainframe, business workflows and services/APIs, databases) Strong understanding of responsive/mobile-first design, web standards, UI/UX best practices, microservices Experience working with software delivery methodologies, frameworks and best practices (Agile and Iterative Waterfall) and DevOps operations and integration of testing into the DevOps pipeline Experience working with start-up companies and working in an agile environment 2 + years of experience using API/service testing tools 2 + years of experience in performance testing and tooling Experience with test management tools such as HP ALM, Jira and Confluence 
ScrapedJobID303:
Design and implement end to end highly scalable and resilient cloud engineering solutions for infrastructure and application services using AWS public cloud Implement CI /CD capabilities for infrastructure and applications Set up and troubleshoot AWS environments Contribute in the architecting and implementation of cloud-native and cloud migration solutions Write infrastructure automation scripts and templates, and integrating with DevOps tools Write test automation scripts such as unit tests, integration tests, performance tests Travel occasionally to other locations for business. Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent 8+ years in IT or Software Engineering including 3 years in AWS cloud environment Minimum 3 years of DevOps experience Experience with AWS Core Services: CloudFormation, EC2, ECS/ Docker, ELB, CodePipeline, CodeDeploy, CodeBuild, CodeCommit / Git, RDS, S3, CloudWatch, Lambda, IAM Highly proficient in Python and nice to have Java, Node JS Experience in setting up and troubleshooting AWS production environments Experience in designing, building, testing, and deploying highly scalable and resilient cloud-based infrastructure Experience designing and implementing end to end CI/CD Delivery pipelines Advanced hands-on skills operating in Linux and Windows Proven knowledge of application architecture, networking, security, reliability and scalability concepts; software design principles and patterns; Must be self-motivated and driven. Strong ability to work with internal resources and vendors 
ScrapedJobID304:
You have a proven track record of 3+ years experience in a full stack developer or system administrator role using cloud-based infrastructure in AWS You have hands-on experience with deploying and managing the infrastructure for a SaaS platform in an agile environment Terraform experience is a major asset Know how to prioritize, problem solve and delegate to yourself and your team Strong analytical skills and use of data for sound decision-making Positively realistic with meticulous attention to detailLove to assess and stay up to date on all the latest tech tools and trends Experience working cross-functionally in a fast-paced startup environment Assist with expanding on and solidifying Lane’s DevOps function Ensure Lane’s cloud services are performant, scalable, and secure Help us enable the Engineering team to deploy code updates quickly and efficiently Build monitoring and alerting tools to increase transparency Maintain the reliability and continuous operation of all our systems Work with our Quality Engineering and Data teams on the design and implementation of automated pipelines and deployments, infrastructure, disaster recovery plans and protocols Make recommendations to improve systems performance, security, and scalability Be prepared to wear many hats and fill in gaps Be a source of mentorship for up-and-coming developers while allowing yourself to be a mentee with our constant knowledge sharing environment Own: Improving the DevOps process, your development and driving best development practices Teach: The ins-and-outs of your strongest domain Learn: Building powerful, first-of-its-kind technology where the answers aren't easily found on stack overflow Improve: The DevOps function, communication and technical ability throughout the organization 
ScrapedJobID305:
Design, document, develop, test and deploy new ML learning models. Maintain, update pre-built models. Take ownership of the project's data. Build end to end ML pipelines with automation for continuous training and continuous deployments. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Proven record of finishing projects where the work spans several months. Familiar with the entire lifecycle of a data science project from data exploration, modeling and analysis, to model selection, validation, evaluation, and deployment. Experience in cleaning, filtering, and re-factoring complex data from different sources. 3+ years development experience in Python. 3+ years of experience working with data, and modeling. Professional command of ML tool sets in Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn). Experience with computer vision and deep learning frameworks (tensorflow, pytorch, darknet). BS degree, or College Diploma in Computer Science or related. A link to your Github/Gitlab account Experience with other programming languages. Experience with building and automating end-to-end machine learning pipeline on any of the clouds AWS/GCP/Azure is a strong plus Experience participating and contributing to open source projects. Knowledge of cloud computing. Good understanding of OS concepts, networking and bash scripting. Only resumes in PDF format will be reviewed. 8 hour shift Link to your Github/Gitlab account ML: 3 years (preferred) Object-Oriented Programming: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID306:
Develop cloud native solutions for a cutting-edge CI/CD ecosystem Learn from a great team of fellow engineers in building real-world cloud scale solutions across public and private clouds Contribute to a team of like-minded platform engineers building the Kubernetes platform as part of the RBC hybrid cloud strategy Support high profile customers to migrate their applications to cloud platform Fearlessly face challenging technical problems, use your superpowers to solve them, and help your peers by sharing your unique solutions Create awesome educational material for fellow engineers, like sample cloud native apps and starter code Leads the installation, upgrades and integration of the current and future Kubernetes platform(s), technologies and tools. Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of third party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Design and implementation of highly available, scalable and resilient applications both for cloud native and non-cloud technologies stack. Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for the design, build, and implementation and stabilization phases of the project.Manages all aspects of testing and verification ensuring all tasks are performed for all interfaces. Responsible for defining, planning and executing high level team activities, such as recommendations for architecture and process improvements Recommends strategies to drive down cost and improve efficiencies with supported vendor software and written code to ensure optimal use of available resources. Support and provide guidance to high profile application teams to migrate applications to the cloud in face-paced environment. Review application architecture and provide guidance on transforming into cloud native application using platform tools. Experience with container platforms. Ideally Kubernetes and/or Docker Experience with writing GoLang applications. Ideally Kubernetes operators Experience with Infrastructure Automation and Infrastructure as Code Experience with using at least one cloud provider (Azure, AWS, GCP) A passion for making developers more efficient through DevOps, CI/CD, and Infrastructure as Code Effective communication skills is necessary to work on a geographically distributed team. Experience working with Terraform, Git, Artifactory Experience working with Azure cloud Experience working in an Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID307:
3 years in designing systems and leading design discussions with technical and management resources. 4 years of experience in managing network infrastructure with diversified global datacenters. 4 years of experience in maintaining and supporting enterprise class routers and switches and at least 3 years leveraging cloud technologies. Excellent understanding of traffic management and algorithms. 4 years of experience in network security management with ACL, firewall, proxy, encryption, VPN, MFA, NAT/PAT and security scanning tools like Nessus. 3 years of experience in utilizing network simulation to model and analyze complex network infrastructure. 5 years of experience in working independently with vendors on installation and diagnostics. 2 years of experience with automation tools including Ansible for process and efficiency improvement. 5 years with writing code in python or other languages. Excellent communication and good documentation practice in creating and maintaining up-to-date documentation for all IT process and records. Advanced Network certifications a plus. 
ScrapedJobID308:
Work with external customers and internal support and build teams to determine how best to leverage tools and techniques involving Infrastructure as Code, Configuration Management, Continuous Deployment, and other DevOps techniques to improve delivery quality, speed and experience. Partner with SDM, Delivery, and Support teams to find opportunities to reduce manual effort needed to complete deployments. Managing cloud environments in accordance with company security guidelines. Deploying and debugging cloud initiatives as needed in accordance with best practices throughout the development lifecycle. Consult on Professional Services Engagements to help our customers design and implement systems that are robust and well suited to their target infrastructure. Design and build reusable, repeatable toolsets, components and modules for future use with other clients where possible. Employing exceptional problem-solving skills, with the ability to see and solve issues before they snowball into problems. Using your knowledge of APIs to design RESTful services, and integrate them with existing data providers, using JSON or XML as needed. Building web services in the cloud, along with implementing the set-up of geographically redundant services. Orchestrating and automating cloud-based platforms throughout the company. Remain current with industry trends, making recommendations as needed to help the company excel. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering; Master’s degree a plus. Certification as an AWS Solutions Architect, Cloud Security Certification, and/or Google Cloud Engineer Certification a plus. (Other cloud-related certifications are also a plus.) Three years of experience in developing software using languages such as Java, Python, C++, Go, or Ruby.Scripting & Infrastructure automation skills - Python, Powershell, Bash, ZSH, etc. Configuration Management / System Automation - Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Config Engine, Vagrant, etc Infrastructure provisioning (Terraform, CloudFormation, Cloud Foundry, others…) Containers & Orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, Istio, Helm) Understanding of Application deployment/configuration processes Strong Systems Architecture background - Infrastructure, OS - Windows/Linux/others, Networking, Data Storage, Backup, DR Solutions, etc. Experience working with AWS, GCP. Experience with CI/CD and automated delivery systems. Three to five years’ experience in a Cloud Engineer role or related position. Knowledge of web services, API, REST, and RPC. Strong awareness of networking and internet protocols, including TCP/IP, DNS, SMTP, HTTP, and distributed networks. Database experience, including knowledge of SQL and NoSQL, and related data stores such as Postgres or MongoDB. Extensive experience with open-source technology, software development, and system engineering. Excellent communication and organizational skills, and the ability to stay focused on completing tasks and meeting goals within a busy workspace. Experience working in an Agile or SCRUM methodology in a Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Interest in Cloud Engineering and its impact on greater business practices. Skilled at working in tandem with a team of engineers, or alone as required. 
ScrapedJobID309:
Empower patients to share health information with their physician before, during, and after visits, helping to ensure health records are up to date and accurate while improving patient care. Meet the growing demand for virtual care solutions via an online booking system and secure messaging that brings significant benefits to patients while improving clinic efficiency and reducing the need for unnecessary phone calls. Improve access to care by replacing faxes, calculating wait times, and reducing the time to process and access specialist referrals. Cloud operations (AWS) Cloud systems architecture (availability, cost) Infrastructure as code (Terraform, Ansible, Packer) Network security (VPC, firewalls, jump hosts, VPNs) Systems administration (Operating systems, package management, system upgrades) Service monitoring & alerting (SIEM, logs, metrics, performance, security) Continuous integration & deployment tools/strategies Ensure availability. You will help keep production and our other various environments running smoothly while reducing toil through automation. Collaborate. You will interact with the development team to eliminate barriers and effectively return production and test environment feedback. Defend the perimeter. Security and privacy are and will always be our primary concerns as we build and operate the platform. You will be part of a team rapidly responding to issues and protecting our systems and users by designing and implementing our security controls strategy. Be proactive. You will be part of a team that prioritizes finding problems before our customers do. You will always be on the lookout for ways to improve our monitoring platform to track the metrics that matter and alert when there's something a human needs to see. The experience. You bring 2+ years of experience in B2B software development and DevOps, Site Reliability, or Cloud Operations. You are inquisitive and driven to solve problems quickly and creatively while ensuring resilience and reliability. You are inspired by a fast-paced environment and can rise to the challenge of competing priorities. The technical skills. You have experience with some of the following and a willingness and interest in gaining hands-on skills with CI/CD tools; Cloud Operations; Infrastructure as Code tools; and monitoring tools. We’re not picky about the specific technologies you’ve used; we’re looking for someone with hands-on experience and the mindset to solve the problems we come up against and introduce the best solutions for them. The collaborative approach. You can build trusting relations and efficiently work across teams, both in-person and remote. You are quick to adapt when priorities shift and take feedback well. You are comfortable with ambiguity and taking the initiative to figure things out when no clear, defined path or process is outlined. The flexibility. You are available to be part of a rotating 24/7 on-call schedule. You are happy working from home but are open to working in-office on occasion. 
ScrapedJobID310:
Annual Salary: $70000-80000 Eligible for yearly profit sharing program bonuses Work from home schedule (up to 100% during COVID) Part of a fast-growing, exciting, and challenging environment. You will receive a budget for speaking at conferences and meetups. You will be mentored by and work closely with senior staff. You will receive time and a budget for training. You will be provided with perks such as company lunches on Thursdays. You will receive a great health benefits package. You will receive a free audible account You will receive a minimum of 3 weeks' vacation. Our famous AK Nitro Gaming Chair so you can pentest in style :) A picture here: https://www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php?cPath=1283_1333_1334&item_id=086607 Share our core values (please see below). Experience performing application, mobile pentesting, or comparable experience doing independent research or bug bounties. If pentesting experience is limited an OSCP, OSWE, or GWAPT would go a long way to closing the gap. Demonstrated software development background in one or more of Python, .NET, Ruby, Java, Objective C/Swift. You have competed in CTFs (Capture The Flags). Expert with OWASP Top 10 and can explain them easily. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Experience in adjacent security related roles e.g. Secure Development/Engineering, Security Operations/SOC/Blue Teaming, Incident Response, IT Security, etc. Experience or security certification in cloud technologies (AWS, Azure) Open-source contributions Public speaking experience Performing training in a professional capacity Teaching experience, preferably security or CS topics Keeping it Secure: Software Secured's mission and values are a part of everything we do. We care about how our clients can do what they do without having to worry about hackers disrupting their work. Curiosity and humility: We are dedicated to learning and constantly improving. We hire the best of the best, humility is the key to remain the best. Own it: our engineers work hard to improve the state of web application security. To get there, we need to own every project, every assessment, every challenge and every line of code. Dive Deep: hard problems require diving deep to understand the real cause of the problem, we are not afraid of diving deep to come up with the best solutions. Bold: we take huge risks so our clients can minimize theirs, taking risks is part of what we do daily so we ensure the highest impact of our solutions. 
ScrapedJobID311:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience troubleshooting an issue and advocating for customer needs, or delivering technical support through various communication channels. Experience with information technologies (e.g., HTTP/HTML, Operating Systems, Data Warehousing, Networking). Experience with B2B enterprise-grade support. Troubleshooting experience with cloud technologies. Experience with cloud-based storage and developer tools technologies. Experience with Google App Engine, open-source software communities, or distributed computing technology. Ability to independently own tasks with minimal supervision. Assist, research, resolve, and de-escalate Google Cloud Platform customer issues through effective ownership. Develop a broad understanding of a customer’s implementation of Google Cloud technology by reviewing, reproducing, troubleshooting possible root causes, or escalating customer reported issues. Work as part of a team of specialists and engineers that provide 24-hour customer support. 
ScrapedJobID312:
Solid understanding of DevOps tools, processes, and culture Have a strong desire to automate and eliminate human intervention Experience working with at least one major cloud provider. Preferably AWS but GCP or Azure would suffice (including infrastructure as code deployment with Cloud Formation, Terraform, Opsworks etc) Solid understanding of microservices architecture and container technologies (Kubernetes is a must, Docker, lxc etc) CI/CD tools such as CircleCI, Jenkins, Bamboo, TravisCI, Spinnaker, etc. Experience of owning CI/CD pipelines and creating branching strategies including release tagging and versioning Have experience with deploying and managing PaaS/SaaS products Automation tools such as Ansible, Salt, Puppet, or Chef Scripting experience: Python, Bash, etc. Experience in security architecture best practices Serverless architecture (AWS Lambda, AWS Fargate)Container orchestration using AWS ECS/Kubernetes or similar, serverless/clusterless container offerings Knowledgeable of high-availability, high-performing web application architecture (load balancing, failover, and database clusters Database management such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc. System and application error investigation, troubleshooting of access/availability issues including deep multi component root cause analysis Clear understanding of software development lifecycles and best practices from an infrastructure point of view Communication Teamwork (we win as a team) Collaborative approach Open-minded and adaptable Empathy Not being afraid of making mistakes Start-up culture with an opportunity to make an impact in your role and our team immediately Excellent on-the-job learning opportunities to grow your skills Competitive pay, benefits and a slice of the pie (aka - stock options) 4 weeks vacation plus statutory holidays Support from a diverse and highly talented team to help you reach your goals Flexibility to work from home and the office Join a friendly, progressive team who like to organize fun activities and celebrate all-round awesomeness! 
ScrapedJobID313:
Comprehensive research on the state-of-the-art algorithms on Computer Vision, Image Processing, OCR and NLP. Compare all the candidates or propose new algorithm that could improve and enhance our current products or create proposals for new products. Design and implement deep learning architectures that learn efficient generalizable representations for several tasks including classification, regression, segmentation and object detection. Deploy ML algorithms in conjunction with other members of the Software Team in the real applications. Bachelor, Master or PhD degrees in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent. Experience developing Computer Vision, Image Processing, OCR, or NLP algorithms. Experience developing Deep Learning Models for Computer Vision, OCR, NLP tasks. Experience Implementing deep learning architectures such as CNN, R-CNN, Single Shot Detector, ResNet, etc. Good working knowledge of one or more Machine Learning Frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch Keras, Caffe, MXNet, etc.) Experience wtih C++, Python, or other programming languages. First class analytical, diagnostic and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with other team members. Passion to work in an exciting environment and deliver new technologies and products to the marketplace. Ability to learn quickly. A positive mental attitude and growth mindset. Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. Remote work available Competitive salary with full benefits and vacation package Professional and positive teamwork environment Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID314:
Coding - Python & NodeJSCloud side networking, VPC,s & Transit Gateways, Route 53, ALB, NLB Strong AWS platform skills, Cloud formation, Ansible playbook creation, AWS Lanbda, API’s, Service control policies, IAM policies, Network policies, role policies Containerization, AWS Services Strong understanding of CI/CD Good communication skills Hands on experience, Infrastructure as a Code. AWS, CDK, Azure is a bonus Exposure to Jira, Dynatrace & Scalr Understanding of AWS Serverless Architecture Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID315:
Fostering Customer Success - Team with the collective Sales organization to uncover customer's business needs and position the right Salesforce solutions to drive meaningful outcomes. Communicating Value - Bring solutions to life by delivering compelling & relatable presentations that inspire business executives to partner with Salesforce Continuous Development - Be on the top tier edge of industry innovation, market trends, and emerging technologies in an environment that encourages & supports professional growth B.S. Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or related degree Relentless customer success mindset with a passion for solving for their challenges while delivering the best experience possible Innately inquisitive, and resourceful with the ability to grasp new technology concepts quickly and think creatively Excellent communication and presentation skills; persuasive and concise in communicating sophisticated ideas to a non-technical audience Strong dedication to driving the collective success of the team by bringing your valued perspective and experiences. Functional project management in completing work within a time-constrained environment Passion and/or experience with marketing automation and digital marketing tools Salesforce Marketing Cloud Certifications Prior experience with Salesforce Solutions or other software/platforms Previous experience as a solution/sales engineer 
ScrapedJobID316:
Design, install, configure, test and maintain operating systems, application software and system management tools Create and maintain systems configuration leveraging industry standard configuration management tools and processes Translate business requirements into technical solutions utilizing best practices and standards that meet the strategic business goals Develop scripts for programmatic solutions to complex systems tasks Identify system resource bottlenecks and work with other teams to test and tune systems for optimal performance Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability Create, maintain and enforce systems standards Create and maintain procedural and technical documentation Provide 2nd and 3rd level systems support Provide rotational on-call support outside of regular business hours Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution Identify and recommend emerging technologies as they relate to team objectives Demonstrates strong organizational and priority setting skills Be a thought Leader who is capable of initiating and driving change A college diploma or university degree or relevant job experience in computer science or engineering 5-7 years of progressive experience in system administration in a distributed Linux and Windows environment Deep Solaris knowledge (including LDOM running on SPARC) Deep Linux operating system knowledge (RedHat Linux preferred) Experience in platform modernization or transformation of legacy technologies Experience utilizing open-source monitoring technologies (eg: Grafana, Graphite, Nagios) Experience with configuration management systems (eg: Ansible) Experience with OS deployment systems (Satellite) Excellent scripting skills (Perl/Python & Powershell/WinRM) Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with virtualization (VMWare) Private cloud experience (OpenStack) Container platforms and orchestration (OpenSHIFT) Public cloud infrastructure experience, ideally AWS 
ScrapedJobID317:
Have you set up a new cloud service over a hot beverage in the morning? Do you love solving complex problems that others find overwhelming? Are you curious and interested in new technologies and ideas? Do you find yourself with creative ideas about how to build and deploy cloud-based microservices? Would your rather spend your time automating tasks rather than manually doing things? Would you like to work with a team of other folks with the same mindset? Own development pipelines for many languages and platforms Build and maintain modern cloud infrastructure for maximum security, reliability and uptime Share your knowledge with others, while learning new things from your team mates Be part of a rotating on call schedule that ensures most of your evenings and weekends are your own Improve on existing services to find efficiencies or better ways of doing things Act as a brand ambassador for Mogo, regularly using our suite of products, sharing the brand with friends and family, and providing feedback to the team for improvements We’d rather collaborate than dictate We know when to do it well and when to do it quickly We want you to enjoy doing it and maintain good work-life balance Kuberenetes, Docker, Linux Buildkite, Harness, CodePipeline, GitHub Build and deploy pipelines for NodeJS, Ruby, Go, Java, Powershell, Bash, Android, iOS and Android Terraform, Typescript, Krane Ruby on Rails, MERN EKS, ECS, Fargate, Route53, EC2, CDK, Cloudwatch, Lambda, S3, IAM Terraform, Terragrunt, Krane, Hashicorp Vault, Ansible, Krane, AWS Vault JIRA, Slack, DataDog, Splunk Cloudflare, HAProxy, nginx, Cloudfront, Envoy RabbitMQ, AmazonMQ, Event Driven Microservices MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Snowflake, Redis IP Routing, Firewalls, IDS/IPS, HTTP, SSL, DNS, CDNs 
ScrapedJobID318:
Design, development and deployment of software on computational clusters. Development and evaluation of techniques and technology for CORESPEQ’s cluster- and cloud- based solutions Implement, operate, optimize and administer cluster- and cloud-computing solutions Design, development and deployment of technologies for data management and analysis Manual as well as framework-based testing of software and computing systems Evaluation of the performance and reliability of software and computing systems Documentation of requirements, specifications, software and computing systems Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID319:
Solid understanding of Cloud-based technologies and SaaS fundamentals Deep understanding of technical strategy as it relates to operating and growing commerce businesses Hands-on skills of Frontend Web development (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Liquid) Strong API knowledge (REST and GraphQL) for enterprise integrations. Great troubleshooting and analytical skills combined with the desire to tackle challenges head-on A powerful video conference presence with confidence handling executive-level conversations Working to help qualify and close deals from a technical requirements perspective for Sales team and development partners/agencies
Engaging with enterprise clients through requirements discovery and strategic consulting sessions
Creating customized product demos and proof of concepts for use during on-site or virtual client demonstrations
Becoming an expert on Shopify’s application ecosystem and integrations
Aligning with product and RnD teams on future roadmaps and sharing feedback on released features and client trends
Mentoring and coaching the sales team on technical aspects of Shopify Plus ECommerce experience and knowledge of latest trends (storefront implementation, omni-channel, supply chain, B2B) Familiarity with version control systems (e.g., Github) 
ScrapedJobID320:
Create and execute test plans Code integration and unit tests in python and C# Understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases Understanding of Azure Cloud and Azure DevOps Pipelines Databricks and pyspark is an asset 
ScrapedJobID321:
Be a part of a team of Server Reliability Engineers with a vision of achieving truly scalable monitoring, logging, alerting and data analytics platforms. Design and implement solutions that enable multiple teams to efficiently extract insights from data. This includes ingestion (web scrapes, FTP sync, sensor collection etc.), transformations (MySQL, Kafka, Python/C++/Java etc.), and interface (API, schema design, events etc.) Develop and manage monitoring, alerting, logging platform to help SRE and Operations teams to quickly pinpoint, isolate and resolve issues related to infrastructure, platform services and applications Build tools and automation capabilities for data pipelines that improve the efficiency, quality and resiliency of our data platform Communicate effectively with the DevOps managers on release milestones, sprints and roadmap activities with respect to Observability Engineering Follow best practices about scale, performance, geo-distribution, multi-cloud, code maintenance, documentation etc Support on-call rotations for the team as per the business requirements Early career in the field of system engineering, observability or system administration (2-7 years) Observability and tooling instrumentation experience (log collection, ETL, visualization, tooling and integration) Demonstrable understanding of DevOps concepts (CI/CD, build automation, microservices, infrastructure as a code, source control) Demonstrable basic programming skills in at least Python and Bash Solid understanding of OS concepts and internals of Linux Hands-on experience on Kubernetes or any other containerized scheduler Demonstrable debugging and troubleshooting skills Formal higher education in a relevant field (software engineering, IT, CompSci, math, data sciences and others) Experience in Kubernetes as a systems engineer (deployment, troubleshooting, maintenance, Helm charts) Deployment and administration of one or more of: ELK stack Kafka Prometheus Grafana Working knowledge of at least one cloud platform (GCP, AWS or Azure) Working knowledge of some configuration management system (such as Salt or Ansible) Database administration knowledge Good understanding of networking concepts (architecture, components, protocols) Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 5 weeks of paid vacation per year Lunch and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free events and workshops 
ScrapedJobID322:
Partner with our product management teams to implement services and architecture that help grow our total addressable market and drive better customer adoptions across our Cloud resources. Respond to Cloud incidents and provide expert troubleshooting and diagnostic input to help resolve issues, while also participating in follow-up work to continuously add stability to our platform. Own end-to-end high-impact projects that directly relate to our company’s critical business needs. Build and support internal tooling that helps us grow our cloud offering Partner with product engineering teams to evolve Hyperscience products and services reliability, serviceability, and operations, for our Cloud-based SaaS offering. Influence designs, architectures, standards, and methods for distributed systems for reliability, scalability, and serviceability. Collaborate with a world-class engineering team to propose Cloud services that solve recurring patterns our Cloud customers face. Bachelor’s degree in software engineering, computer science, computer engineering, or related technical field OR equivalent practical experience Extensive experience related to a DevOps-based Cloud environment Extensive experience building and managing scalable distributed application deployments within the Kubernetes platform and ecosystem Understanding of algorithms and data structures Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills Strong experience scripting in Python and Bash Experience in operations, including automation, monitoring, alerting, and incident management Experience in relational database systems troubleshooting, performance tuning, development, and migration Excellent verbal and written interpersonal and team work communication skills Experience with Go Experience with a python web framework like Django Ideally this position is in New York, Toronto, or London, but working remotely elsewhere on the US East Coast is an option. Top notch medical and dental coverage for you and your family 30 days of paid leave annually to help nurture work-life symbiosis Stock options Wellness stipend Pre-tax transportation and commuter benefits 6-month parental leave (or double salary to pay for your partner's unpaid leave) Free travel for any person accompanying a breastfeeding mother and her baby on a business trip A dependent care stipend up to $3,000 (USD) per month, per child, under the age of 21 for a maximum of $6,000 (USD) per month total Budget to attend conferences, train, and further your education $1,250 (CAD) one-time-use WFH stipend and $95 (CAD) monthly WFH stipend Relocation assistance 
ScrapedJobID323:

ScrapedJobID324:
Work closely with data scientists and ML engineer to design, build and launch scalable ETL pipelines for batch and streaming applications Implement processes to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is accurate and available Automate manual processes and optimize data delivery Promote data engineering best practices across data science and infrastructure teams, mentor your teammates around efficient queries Become the voice of data science within IT Stay current with latest technologies Experiment & learn with your small but mighty data science team Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent work experience Hands-on experience in developing data pipelines using Python, Scala, Spark Demonstrated efficiency in handling data - tracking data lineage, ensuring data quality, and improving discoverability of data Experience with cloud platforms (Azure preferred) Expertise with relational and non-relational databases Familiar with git and version control Good communicator Analytical mindset towards continuous improvement and high aptitude for diving in and picking up new technologies as required Experience working with Azure Databricks (Delta Lake, Databricks Notebooks, Jobs, etc.). Excellent in ETL optimization, designing, coding, and tuning using Apache Spark Experience with building streaming data pipelines Experience in implementing deployments, error handling and monitoring for scalable pipelines Experience following agile methodologies Experience working with CI/CD, containerization, infrastructure automation/orchestration Basic understanding of machine learning 
ScrapedJobID325:
You have a passion for helping lead a team to implement innovative and efficient solutions in pursuit of building an awesome product that will help improve people’s lives You desire to take healthcare to the next level by utilizing the latest cloud services and advances in software engineering to help provide solutions to complex problems Your first instinct is not to say “No” but to find ways to provide solutions to technical problems You are motivated by collaborating with a multidisciplinary team Work directly with Infrastructure and DevOps leadership to ensure that the Engineering Team has all the resources needed to build, deliver, and maintain the platform. Coordinate with the Product Team to ensure that team resources are allocated properly to meet product requirements. Ensure that a team climate based on trust, respect, and responsibility Coordinate with company leadership and other team leads to ensure the Engineering Team is aligned with the overall strategy, priorities, and goals of the company. Ensure that team members have tools and processes and resources they need to focus solely on building, delivering, and maintaining the platform. Proven track record in helping build innovative products Proven passion for learning. Organization and accountability within a fluid and constantly changing environment Excellent problem solving and problem preempting skills Willingness to go the distance to help Proven experience in a technical mentoring role Love working with a team 5+ years experience with writing Cloudformation, CDK or Terraform as primary job function. 5+ years setting up and maintaining high availability multi-region deployments and infrastructure. Experience setting up infrastructure such as server-less, SQS, message queues, databases, user identity management, networking, firewall, and load balancers. Experience setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines. Experience setting up and maintaining monitoring tools such as Sentry, CloudWatch, XRay, ElasticSearch, Grafana, Splunk Deep understanding of cloud services and distributed programming paradigms Containerization and container orchestration experience is required; Kubernetes experience is a plus. Automation experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, or other similar language is a HUGE plus! Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field. We are a group of people who are bright, kind, and motivated by challenge. We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and healthcare. We love solving problems, thinking creatively, and trying new things. We believe in autonomy & taking initiative. We take what we do seriously, but we also know how to have fun. We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas. We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. You can be your authentic self here and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! 
ScrapedJobID326:
Scale continuous deployment practices across the engineering department. Equip our teams to ship software reliably, frequently, with minimal trouble. Teams use reusable patterns and guidance from you to be able to practice DevOps (end-to-end production ownership within each cross-functional team). This means you’ll work with tools and infrastructure in addition to managing processes and practices. Extend our reusable service template and its associated CI/CD tooling. Build and extend our production observability. Help teams manage and achieve SLOs. Mentor teams on operational ownership. Teach blame-free root cause analysis for incidents that impact the customer or our delivery performance. Operate our original monolith through its transition to services owned by product teams. The department is executing a monolith decomposition plan that you’ll help accelerate. Build and operate platform-level shared services such as our API gateway (Kong) and authorization service. You are an advocate for DevOps practices and principles. We have the buy-in, now it’s about execution on the vision. You have software development experience, whether as a developer or in operational roles You understand mature operational practices. Ability to build, manage, and maintain scalable infrastructure. Hands-on experience with configuration automation (eg Terraform or Ansible, but anything is fine), CI / deployment automation (eg Jenkins, Spinnaker), Docker, feature flags (we use LaunchDarkly), observability tooling (Datadog), cloud providers (we’re all-in on AWS with the rare GCP service). We are tackling interesting technology challenges such as re-architecting our system to a service-oriented architecture, while driving best practices across the department. The impact you will make extends beyond just the success of the company but the prosperity of the education environment. We work in a collaborative team-oriented atmosphere where you will have the opportunity to work with developers from across the whole department to make an impact both to our customers and to our team. We have a very good business and strong revenue growth. You will be exposed to all-aspects of a business past start-up mode and scaling quickly. Top Hat isn’t a megacorp nor are we a small ‘cowboy’ shop. We are just the right size for individuals that want stability but don’t want to be a number. A team that cares deeply for customers and for each other Professional learning and development for all role levels The latest and greatest technology to do your job Competitive benefits and health/lifestyle spending accounts We’re currently embracing an engaging, remote-first culture and work experience A management team focused on performance, growth, engagement and connection Our winning strategy and market potential Employee-led, exec sponsored employee resource groups committed to Diversity and Inclusion Passionate customers that believe in us—and what we do 
ScrapedJobID327:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID328:
Work closely with diverse teams within the Technology Department to design and support operational infrastructure. Design and build process to maximize uptime while preventing customer facing issues. Automate infrastructure setup and configuration. Proactively monitor software systems and infrastructure performance while building better monitoring systems. Quickly identify, troubleshoot and solve technical issues. Document and communicate infrastructure changes to the Technology Team. Contribute to improving our software release process. Assist software teams in building standardized development environments. Be available for on-call support. Contribute to building a Cloud strategy for the future 5+ years experience performing similar accountabilities in an enterprise environment. Experience with AWS is essential. Strong background in Linux Server administration. Proven skills monitoring and managing scalable web clusters capable of handling variable load. Strong database administration and tuning skills, including clustering and replication. Proficient in Bash scripting, knowledge of Python would be an asset. Operational experience with applications in our stack is essential such as Python, Go, uWSGI, nginx, Postgresql, SQS, RabbitMQ, ElasticSearch, Redis, Celery and Django. Operational experience with one or more automation and infrastructure provisioning tools such as Ansible, Terraform Operational experience with one or more monitoring/logging tools such as Sentry, Datadog, AWS Cloudwatch. Operational experience with one or more CI/CD tools such as Circle CI. Familiar with Containerization and Virtualization technologies such as AWS ECS, Kubernetes, Docker and VMware. Clear understanding of networking technologies including CDNs, Routers, Load Balancers, Firewalls, WAF and DNS. Experience with Git. Knowledge of security best practices, implementation and monitoring. Excellent communication skills, able to effectively convey technical concepts to non-technical people. Strong work ethic, able to work independently or as part of a team. 
ScrapedJobID329:
an award-winning startup funded by prominent VCs a successful graduate of 500 Startups, the Creative Destruction Lab and Dreamit Health a TechCrunch Disrupt Top Pick for cybersecurity one of Canada's Top 20 early-stage technology companies by CIX named one of the Top startups disrupting healthcare in Canada by PwC and CB Insights Automation systems for infrastructure configuration for security and data management DevOps culture and processes Familiarity with the software development of backup systems, network architecture, system monitoring Back-end API integration and development Deep familiarity with configuring and deployment on public cloud Open-source software stacks and tools: (Ruby, GoLang, Elastic, Docker preferred, but the stack experience is not critical) Background and experience building products in regulatory or security-sensitive industries (not required, but preferred) 2+ years professional software coding experience with an emphasis on back-end systems Quotable examples of projects with a focus on high resiliency, security and system performance Experience in and love of working in a flat startup environment with independent responsibility and ownership Comfort in using a range of digital tools to communicate problems, and solutions to your teammates, fostering remote-first working relationships Deep appreciation for diversity of perspectives and background in collaborating on technical challenges A portfolio of interests and achievements / pursuits outside of work Level up our platform, enabling it to integrate with more tools and solutions; and making it more usable, scalable, and manageable Build scalable systems, using automation and pushing changes that improve reliability and usability Contribute to sprint planning sessions, code reviews, branch management, research spikes and project estimating, often via remote / virtual meetings Work closely with the Product Manager, Site Reliability Engineer, Tech Lead and others to ensure smooth planning and transition from requirements to research to product development to testing to deployment Train and be trained by other team members on technologies and processes, driving education and knowledge transfer of design patterns, technical practices, and relevant technologies and tools Support the investigation and adoption of new and emerging cloud architecture practices and technologies, creating opportunities for improvement and actively participating in discussions and initiatives to improve our technical practices and competitive position Be part of an on-call rotation schedule. You can expect on average one after-hours call per 1-week shift, based on the principles of Site Reliability Engineering Outside of product work, contribute to team learning via Dev Hour sessions and weekly Demo Hour celebrations a deeply-rooted product-centric culture independent ownership and technical collaborative problem-solving data-driven lowest-level decision making the power of diverse perspectives carefully-curated processes that enable creativity and efficiency business problem-driven sprints learning-focused dev hours demo hours and town halls that integrate everyone company-wide are a remote-first company, with supporting tools and processes are not hierarchical empower our team members with distinct responsibilities and self-direction have high standards for professionalism are mission-driven, by the importance of our work in servicing the social benefit that results from our customers’ successes drive a culture of facts-first and entrepreneurship vs the status quo have stringent and bold objectives on diversity and inclusion meet virtually as a team weekly for a rousing celebration of wins and learning gather in quarterly Town Halls for alignment on objectives and vision flexible work hours a generous vacation policy health and dental benefits, from day 1 parental leave benefits with bonus top-up a company stock ownership option plan, vesting from day 1 bi-weekly paid-for team lunches company retreats and seasonal celebrations learning, skills training and industry conference opportunities a company-funded book budget company-supplied top-end Mac laptop a home office equipment budget contribution through the company’s ongoing success to philanthropy such as Upside Foundation 
ScrapedJobID330:
Engineer and automate infrastructure and configuration management tasks – including (but not restricted to) application deployment, infrastructure creation, backup processes, disaster recovery, security hardening, application of security patches. Interface with other departments during project implementations and provide support for ongoing integration activities. Resolve and repair critical infrastructure and application issues as needed. Coordinate and communicate with impacted departments and customers. Ensure the uptime of our cloud infrastructure is in accordance with our SLA through monitoring and systems analysis Work in an agile environment where feature and projects are completed in defined sprints Participate in the on-call rotation University degree in Computer Science or related field with 5+ years of work experience in infrastructure management with 3+ years in DevOps automation Expert in Linux administration. Extremely comfortable with command line and use of tools to manage, provision, deploy and diagnose Linux systems Practical hands-on experience with core AWS services such as EC2, S3, Glacier, Lambda, VPC, IAM, CloudTrail, Route53 etc. Practical experience working with relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and/or NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DynamoDB) Practical experience monitoring complex infrastructures, analyzing logs and troubleshooting application performance with tools such as CloudWatch, Zabbix, AppDynamics, DataDog, ELK. Practical experience with development build environments and tools such as Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Git and Capistrano Practical experience with Java (JRE/JVM), PHP, Ruby, Apache and Tomcat/TomEE Practical hands-on experience with implementation in languages and tools such as Bash, Python, Terraform and Ansible. Experience with Docker, Kubernetes and AWS services like ECS, ECR, Fargate, RDS, Cognito, DMS, Kinesis, OpenSearch is a bonus Demonstrate the ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks and aspire to be a project owner Proven ability to meet deadlines, prioritize tasks and work effectively with minimal supervision in a team environment Aptitude for constantly learning new technologies, highly desired. Motivated, hardworking and flexible Competitive compensation and benefits Rewards and recognition programs Learning and development opportunities Flexible Vacation Policy You will make a difference everyday for universities trying to grow and students trying to learn. 
ScrapedJobID331:
Building great services that help our customers succeed Writing highly-scalable, highly-available, cloud-ready applications Solving end-to-end problems Testing code (e.g. writing functional and unit tests) Adopting Agile methodologies to continuously release and deploy iterations of our services Adopting DevOps methodologies for enabling and supporting always-on services BS/MS or equivalent experience in a computer science, engineering, information systems or related discipline Significant industry experience in a Software Engineering role and building large scale data platform Strong experience in a programming language in Java, Go Lang, Python etc Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, software designs, micro services, and cloud computing Experience building CI/CD and server/deployment automation solutions Passion to develop elegant and cutting-edge solutions for real-world business problems Knowledge of big data and deep learning technology Knowledge of search technology Experience with AWS 
ScrapedJobID332:
Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straight-forward solutions. Fully and completely understand system inter-dependencies and limitations. You preach infrastructure as code and help using tools like Terraform, CloudFormation and the Serverless framework. Help automate everything around CI/CD and deployment while also helping to troubleshoot interesting issues that arise. You’ll be doing that as we scale to 100,000+ customers. Evaluate our current cloud infrastructure, make recommendations, and implement improvements to create simplicity, save costs, and set-up the business as we scale. Provide guidance to the R&D team on best practices/tools/services to use in AWS. Work closely with the R&D teams on specific projects and new features. Work with AWS finance mechanisms like reserved instances, savings plans to plan our capacity and lower costs. Help troubleshoot the thorny issues in production on Amazon Linux and Debian based environments. Improve our reliability and DR plan, and work with our compliance team on relevant SOC2 actions. 8+ years hands-on experience with AWS in a professional or commercial setting developing automated delivery of products (software, infrastructure, pipeline, …). 8+ years of experience with core AWS services (EC2, S3, DynamoDB, RDS). 8+ years of experience with automated deployments using Elastic Beanstalk, Fargate and serverless architectures (SAM/serverless). 8+ years of experience with AWS costing/financial solutions (RIs, savings plans, cost explorer). 8+ years of experience with hands-on system administration experience on Linux platforms. Excellent knowledge of system, network and security design principles (firewalls, subnets, routing, load balancing, DNS). 8+ years of experience with configuring monitoring and alerting of system and application events (CloudWatch, Data Dog, New Relic, Honeybadger). 8+ years of experience with CI/CD systems (Jenkins, Circle-CI, Travis, Github actions, etc.). 5+ years of experience using PostgreSQL. 5+ years of experience implementing Terraform templates. Strong knowledge of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby). Strong communication skills - you’ve written blog posts explaining solutions you’ve created. Being able to successfully manage multiple projects simultaneously and handle a fast-paced work environment, new challenges, and changing priorities. "Customer service is an attitude, not a department" - this quote should resonate with you. We appreciate people who can take a stand yet commit even when they disagree. We subject ideas to rigorous consideration and challenge each other, but all remember that we’re here for the same purpose: to do good work together. That comes with direct feedback, openness to each others’ experience, and willingness to show up for each other. 
ScrapedJobID333:
Acquiring a complete understanding of how data moves and is transformed across our systems from raw event logs to critical reports consumed by internal teams Creating and maintaining optimal data pipelines within our architecture Building jobs and tools on top of the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into key metrics Debugging discrepancy issues that come up in the ETL (e.g. misaligned metrics with 3rd parties, duplicates, failures in the ETL, performance bottlenecks) Building tools to automate data verification and ensure the integrity of our reported metrics Integrating data from multiple sources across internal and external partners Working alongside Data Engineers and Project Managers to strive for greater functionality in our data systems Experience with object-oriented, functional, and scripting languages e.g.: Scala, Python, Java SQL skills Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases such as including Redshift, Postgres, Redis, and MySQL Experience with tools used for large scale data processing: Spark, Hadoop, Kafka Experience with cloud services such as Amazon AWS Knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ technologies Understanding of the different federated querying, data warehousing, and BI technologies and how they work together to form a Data Platform. Knowledge of Machine Learning and experience implementing ML applications Worked with real-time and streaming analytics Experience building tech that operates at scale Contributed to an Open Source Project Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID334:
Develop 2D/3D vision algorithms and software for 3D scene reconstruction. Develop 2D/3D vision-based object detection/identification software for path planning and anti-collision applications for industrial robot arms and mobile robots. Contribute to R&D programs and support proposal generation processes. Travel may be required for system testing and commissioning. Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering/Robotics or related fields 3+ years’ experience in computer vision, machine learning, and deep learning Expertise and hands-on experience in developing and implementing 2D and 3D vision systems for robotic applications Experience in TensorFlow and other ML frameworks and their application in objective identification and material classification Strong programming skills in C++ and object-orientated software development skills for image and point cloud processing applications Ability to prioritize, multi-task, take initiatives, and adapt to change. Self-motivated, self-starter and team player in a fast-paced product development environment. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID335:
Working with customers engineering teams on a wide variety of projects Writing infrastructure as code (CloudFormation, Terraform) Implementing automation/DevOps best practices for CI/CD, IaC, Containerization, etc Linux/Windows administration, automated deployments, scripting (Bash/PowerShell/Python) Solid understanding of the overall AWS Cloud infrastructure (EC2, RDS, S3, VPC, CloudFormation etc.) Professional experience with CI/CD deployment Working knowledge of Configuration Management frameworks such as Ansible, Chef or Puppet Working knowledge using Terraform and/or CloudFormation You are comfortable interacting with customers and have the ability to communicate as well as educate Some experience with any of the following C#, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go Service architecture and containerization, such as Docker, Kubernetes Experience with data at scale, MySQL, MSSQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Mongo, ElasticSearch Knowledgeable about HIPAA, PCI and other security frameworks and standards Solid understanding of AWS infrastructure AWS Certifications Proficient in networking and network security 
ScrapedJobID336:
Work on building and improving our tools for deploying, monitoring and managing our systems. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Proactively identify improvements to continually improve resilience. Analyze system problems including root cause determination and manage any needed recovery process to ensure a quick restoration of service without loss of data. Participate in on-call rotation. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar. 3+ years of relevant work experience. You have years of experience in one or many of the following careers: DevOps, Continuous Delivery/Release Engineer, Software Engineer (Python or Java), System Administration Experience automating software build, deployment and server configuration management using tools such as Jenkins. Expertise in Linux system administration, databases, web servers, and networking. Payfare runs on Kubernetes. A deep understanding of the internal workings of Kubernetes is considered a major asset to the success of this role. Working experience with Terraform is considered an asset. Experience using elements of Chaos Engineering to increase resiliency is a major plus. Experience with AWS and expertise in understanding how to utilize AWS to improve resiliency. Experience running code in production on public cloud resources. A deep curiosity that motivates you to keep on top of technical trends and informs your ability to suggest tools and approaches to interesting problems. The ability to empathize with and communicate clearly within the team, and to all the other parts of the business. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID337:
Ownership of the deployment pipelines of Videri’s suite of products across mobile, embedded Android and cloud-based solutions Streamline the deployment process and ensure automation and continuous integration best practices are in place Ownership of the cloud infrastructure and follow best practices for maintenance and updates based on security guidelines Analyze current technology used within the company and develop strategies to improve and expand upon them. Provide technical and analytical guidance to the other DevOps and Development team members Identify performance bottlenecks in applications, systems, databases, processes and methodologies, make recommendations and provide solutions Build and maintain monitoring tools for infrastructures and key customer accounts Improve system performance by identifying problems and recommending changes Participate in writing and maintaining technical documentation Participate in planning out development projects Excellent knowledge of AWS (EC2, EKS, S3, IAM, OPSWORKS) Excellent knowledge of self-managed Kubernetes or AWS EKS Excellent knowledge of CI/CD concepts, strong knowledge of tools such as Jenkins, GoCD Good Automation Provisioning knowledge with configuration management and IaC tools is a must. Ansible and Terraform (Strong to Expert) Good understanding of Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.) Shell scripting, python, ruby (proficiency in at least one. GoLang is a plus) Extensive experience in Linux Experience with monitoring tools (Cloudwatch, Prometheus, Alert Manager, New Relic) Source Control (git, GitLab) Understanding of DNS Servers (bind, route53) Knowledge of network security and best practices Managing web servers (Nginx, Apache) Strong team spirit, flexibility, problem solving and time management skills Good communication skills Computer Science degree, relevant diploma or demonstrable work experience in DevOps role Competitive salary depending on experience Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Three weeks’ vacation, five personal days, six sick days Be part of a great office culture that encourages a positive environment Flexible work from home policy 
ScrapedJobID338:
Provide in depth technical support for a global, multisite distributed environment Provide integration and support for both Hosted and Cloud based systems and architecture Implement, maintain and monitor infrastructure IaC configuration and CI/CD systems Implement, maintain and monitor network security and infrastructure within EDB. Provide support for tickets escalated through the helpdesk application Experience with installing, maintaining and upgrading Linux servers (RedHat, Centos, Ubuntu) Experience implementing and supporting Terraform, Docker / Kubernetes Experience with IT automation and configurations systems ( Puppet / Chef / Ansible) Experience developing, implementing and maintaining IaC (Infrastructure as Code) and open-source CI/CD systems Scripting Experience (e.g. Python, Bash etc) Solid understanding of TCP/IP networking. 3-5 years of relevant experience in a distributed operations support role. Bachelor's degree in computer science (or equivalent) Strong technical, organizational and interpersonal skills Ability to work as part of a team Ability to thrive under pressure, self-manage and prioritize activities Experience with Cloud environments (AWS / Azure / Google) Experience with Virtualization technologies such as VMware / OpenInfrastructure Experience with installation, upgrades and maintenance of PostgreSQL database systems Experience configuring maintaining and monitoring of alerting systems such as Nagios, Icinga, Splunk, Prometheus 
ScrapedJobID339:
Architect, design & deliver large-scale AWS projects Adopt and communicate new concepts, ideas, techniques, best practices and technology assistance at all organizational levels, particularly senior management. Provide strategic thinking, cloud solutions and roadmaps while driving architectural recommendations Architect end-to-end cloud solutions. Define pros and cons of solution options to arrive at consensus around architecture decisions. Define strategic multi-year roadmap, cloud reference architectures and architecture standards for clients. Lead proof of concept efforts for candidate architectures. Assist in the remediation of application stability and performance. Work with product management areas to establish required cloud infrastructures and frameworks. Perform product evaluations and proof of concepts. 3+ years‘ experience with the following foundational AWS Services as it pertains to architecture and implementation: VPC (IPAM, Route Tables, VPN/Direct Connect, Transit Gateway, Security Groups, VPC Peering, ALB/ELB/NLB, etc.) IaaS Services (EC2, AMI, Snapshots, EBS, Autoscaling) Storage Services (S3, EFS, Glacier, Storage Gateway, AWS Backup) RDS Services (MySQL, Aurora, Postgres, MSSQL) Container Services (ECS, EKS, Fargate, Container Registry) Monitoring & Governance Services (CloudWatch, Config, CloudTrail, AWS Organizations) Cost Management (Cost Explorer, Budgets, Reserved Instances/Savings Plans) Knowledge of Cloud Security principles and frameworks, DevOps and Server-less Cloud Computing concepts and their integration with AWS Experience in and/or knowledge of Workload Migration Automation Tools and Infrastructure as Code (Puppet, Chef, Ansible) as it pertains to AWS One AWS Cloud certification (Professional level preferred) Knowledge and understanding of diverse platforms and operating systems, including current and emerging technologies Extensive technical skills and comprehensive knowledge and understanding of an entire line of business or infrastructure sub-domain Ability to influence teams to a future state while understanding the need to make practical decisions along the way. Excellent facilitation, discovery, analysis, and prototyping skills. Self-initiated individual who consistently delivers high quality results with limited guidance and willingly trains, guides and positively influences others. Effectively communicates to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including developers, technical leads, peer architects, delivery owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time. High motivation, self-starting, ability to work with minimal direct supervision, takes ownership. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID340:
Develop modern front-end applications that reach millions of users around the world. Create and maintain command line interfaces using NodeJS to package and deploy front-end assets. Work with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform to support the creation of storefronts Share in responsibility for your team’s technical health: architecture, best practices, reliability, security, etc. Improve developer and user experience through thoughtful design, rigorous testing, and clear documentation. Collaborate with scrum masters, product owners, designers, and other stakeholders. You’ll play an important role in helping us to deliver high-quality products to our partners and customers. Great communication skills. Experience building applications using NodeJS, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Exposure to Python or similar backend languages Experience with Agile Scrum. NodeJS, React, Python Docker, GitLab CouchDB 
ScrapedJobID341:
4+ years of System Administration/Support experience with Windows Server and Linux 2 years of experience with supporting and building infrastructure with Public cloud (AWS, Azure and GCP) Ability to work in a fast paced environment supporting multiple clients expectations and environments Experience working with ticketing tools such as ServiceNow to provide support to clients Strong customer service and communication skills (verbal and written) Some experience with Container Platform / Kubernetes technologies Experience supporting client facing applications Strong understanding of Networking concepts such as site to site VPN tunnels, VLAN etc. Knowledge of infrastructure automation such as PowerShell, Jenkins, Chef etc. Understanding of database technologies such as SQL Familiar with DevOps tools and CI/CD best practices Understanding of monitoring tools for application and infrastructure monitoring (New Relic, SCOM) Experience with Private cloud (VMWare vCenter, VMWare Horizon, Citrix Virtual App and Virtual Desktop) Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID342:
Automation engineer or SDET with Google Cloud Platform knowledge/experience. Selenium and API (Preferably Karate Framework) with 5 years of experience Experience in DevOps CI/CD pipeline process using GIT, Nexus, Jenkins job creation, Maven build Experience with developing functional & non-functional test plans/test cases Experience with developing UI and API test plan/test cases and automation test scripts Experience with executing both manual and automation testing Experience with maintaining & developing automation test scripts (follow GCP guideline) Able to maintain automation test scripts in collaboration with DevOps and scrum Full-stack/technical team (TA/SA/DA) Experience with DevOps practices Experience with Karate automated testing framework Experience with TELUS server/system infra. And be able to debug & troubleshooting issues. Experience with QA Cloud Automation Operation Experience with any open-source tool (ie. Selenium) that is used for automating the tests carried out on Web browsers. (please check what tool TELUS use for GCP testing tool) It’s an asset that QAs have GCP / Cloud QA engineering certification, understanding GCP Knowledge of HTTP/HTTPS Experience with MicroServices testing Capability to prioritize multi-tasks in order to meet deadlines Been able to communicate (be communicative)/good communication skillset Analytical mindset and ability to triage problem….. Ability to document clearly and research purposefully Been able to review business and technical requirements for QA development/strategies Experience with Agile scrum/methodology. 
ScrapedJobID343:
Deeply understand AccelByte’s platform, system architecture and integration components Deeply understand AccelByte’s current infrastructure principles and knowledge Be proactive about production uptime, stability, resiliency, utilization and cost efficiency Develop and maintain technical relationships with our core Cloud Service Providers (AWS) Champion and advocate for AccelByte and our clients’ requirements to AWS and other cloud vendors Work with product managers for cloud cost technical support inquiries from clients Make weekly infrastructure recommendations based on the utilization and new offerings from cloud vendors to fit our platform architecture Generate and deliver monthly cloud cost report to our clients Provide cloud cost observability into applications and infrastructure through metrics, logging, and monitoring to ensure platform uptime, utilization and cost efficiency Participate in cloud capacity planning, platform load testing and advises the best practices to solve current challenges with cost efficiency Monitor cloud cost anomaly and solve it in a timely manner Create tools for automating cost monitoring, alerting and reporting Create process and documentation around Cloud Service Provider offerings detailing use cases, best practices, and implementation details with cost efficiency 5+ years Cloud Engineering or DevOps experience with AWS, 2+ years Kubernetes, Certification in AWS preferred Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Deep knowledge of cloud service providers and best practices around implementation and configuration, preferably managing AWS and Kubernetes Familiarity with infrastructure management and operations lifecycle concepts and ecosystem, deep understanding of IaC and GitOps Experience in delivering products against a plan in a fast-paced, multi-disciplined, and often ambiguous environment Experience working independently to design, plan, and execute technical projects Demonstrated deep knowledge of technical program management and engineering best practices Innovative-thinking balanced with a strong customer and quality and cost efficiency focus Comfort and experience with cross-organizational communication; excellent written and verbal communication skills Working experience with some of following technologies and tools: docker, kubernetes, git, redis, Mongodb, PostgreSQL, ElasticSearch, GitLab CI, Nexus, SonarQube, Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, ELK/EFK, Grafana, CloudWatch Solid security best practices Comfortable programming in languages such as Golang, Python, Bash etc. Keen problem solving skills with the ability to work under pressure (during a production event) Previous experience working in the game industry Working experience with one or more of the following: Istio, Nomad, Kafka, Flux, ArgoCD, GitOps, DevSecOps Familiar with web services patterns/architectures, e.g. REST, SOAP, etc. Experience working with auto-scaling workloads both in containers and VMs Experience with other cloud technologies and infrastructure: GCP, Azure Experience with Confluence, Jira and BitBucket IT standards, methodologies, Cryptographic key management regulations, and audit experience would be an asset(s). Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID344:
Experience of database deployment and managing databases in the cloud Skills: AKS/EKS/OCP, Networking, Storage, Infrastructure as Code, GIT, Virtualization, ARC/Anthos, PostgreSQL/MongoDB/MSSQL, Database Operations Implement "Infrastructure as Code" using tools like Nutanix Era Disaster Recovery and High Availability strategy implementation Writing and Maintaining Infrastructure and CI/CD processes as code, working with Scrum teams and Infrastructure teams Partner with other teams to define software release process, and develop best practices and tools that allow the client product development teams to control and run their own release processes Engineer & manage the CI/CD pipeline tool chains needed by client product development teams Operationalize automation that optimizes and mechanizes the application release process, including the development of infrastructure CD automation Operationalize Infrastructure As Code and Configuration As Code automation artifacts, collaborating with component technology SMEs to integrate automation modules Design and implement processes or systems to increase product quality through automation Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID345:
Implement and automate deployment of modern, cloud native applications Set up monitoring for the health of both build and production systems and create automated alerts for outages or degraded performance Containerize complex virtual runtime environments Expand and streamline complex CI/CD pipelines that drive frequent, high-quality product releases Automate all mission-critical tasks and processes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent technical discipline, minimum 7 years (or 5 years with Master degree) working experience in an enterprise 24/7 production environment supporting critical, real-time applications. 3+ years of senior admin responsibility for AWS Services (auto-scaling highly available deployments of network, compute, storage, database, monitoring resources) in a production environment Experience building and sharing responsibility for the uptime of production, cloud-native application architectures Experience with modern Cloud Native application architectures utilizing FaaS , service meshes/proxies, etc. Experience with Monitoring tools like DataDog and able to create dashboard and metrics — establishing desired service behavior, measuring how the service is behaving (availability, latency, and overall system health), and correcting discrepancies Experience with Cloud Infrastructure automation tools/IaaS (Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, etc.) Experience building and managing custom Docker images and containers Hands-on experience with Kubernetes on AWS (EKS) and related tools/components Experience with Cloud Security, respond to security events, and automate security best practices. Experience with git-based repos and complex, auto-scaling CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins, AWS TerraForm Landing Zone Familiarity with Python and at least one other development or scripting language (C/C++, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, PHP, etc.) Ability to communicate and transfer knowledge clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment Ability to notice and respond effectively to service failures to preserve the service's conformance to its SLA (service-level agreement) A passion for getting to the bottom of issues and eliminating unknowns Evolving systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity Experience with full stack web development Experience with traditional enterprise web application frameworks, servers and tools Experience with performance testing tools and techniques Experience defining and measuring internal and customer-facing OLA/SLA 
ScrapedJobID346:
Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straight-forward solutions. Fully and completely understand system inter-dependencies and limitations. You preach infrastructure as code and help using tools like Terraform, CloudFormation and the Serverless framework. Help automate everything around CI/CD and deployment while also helping to troubleshoot interesting issues that arise. You’ll be doing that as we scale to 100,000+ customers. Evaluate our current cloud infrastructure, make recommendations, and implement improvements to create simplicity, save costs, and set-up the business as we scale. Provide guidance to the R&D team on best practices/tools/services to use in AWS. Work closely with the R&D teams on specific projects and new features. Work with AWS finance mechanisms like reserved instances, savings plans to plan our capacity and lower costs. Help troubleshoot the thorny issues in production on Amazon Linux and Debian based environments. Improve our reliability and DR plan, and work with our compliance team on relevant SOC2 actions. 8+ years hands-on experience with AWS in a professional or commercial setting developing automated delivery of products (software, infrastructure, pipeline, …). 8+ years of experience with core AWS services (EC2, S3, DynamoDB, RDS). 8+ years of experience with automated deployments using Elastic Beanstalk, Fargate and serverless architectures (SAM/serverless). 8+ years of experience with AWS costing/financial solutions (RIs, savings plans, cost explorer). 8+ years of experience with hands-on system administration experience on Linux platforms. Excellent knowledge of system, network and security design principles (firewalls, subnets, routing, load balancing, DNS). 8+ years of experience with configuring monitoring and alerting of system and application events (CloudWatch, Data Dog, New Relic, Honeybadger). 8+ years of experience with CI/CD systems (Jenkins, Circle-CI, Travis, Github actions, etc.). 5+ years of experience using PostgreSQL. 5+ years of experience implementing Terraform templates. Strong knowledge of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby). Strong communication skills - you’ve written blog posts explaining solutions you’ve created. Being able to successfully manage multiple projects simultaneously and handle a fast-paced work environment, new challenges, and changing priorities. "Customer service is an attitude, not a department" - this quote should resonate with you. We appreciate people who can take a stand yet commit even when they disagree. We subject ideas to rigorous consideration and challenge each other, but all remember that we’re here for the same purpose: to do good work together. That comes with direct feedback, openness to each others’ experience, and willingness to show up for each other. 
ScrapedJobID347:

ScrapedJobID348:
3+ years of experience as a Data Engineer or in a similar role Experience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building ETL pipelines Experience in SQL 3+ years of experience as a Data Engineer, BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst in a company with large, complex data sources. Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets Experience working with AWS big data technologies (EMR, Redshift, S3) Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing Proven success in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe data modeling decisions and data engineering strategy Experience providing technical leadership and mentoring other engineers for best practices on data engineering Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with sharp analytical abilities and design skills 
ScrapedJobID349:
Demonstrate a growth mindset and continuous learning; stay current on IBM strategies and products with hands on technical growth in data science and cloud native computing Use MLOps practices and methods to plan and create AI applications to address business challenges Be conversant and knowledgeable about technology trends and how technology is being applied to address business challenges Demonstrate strong analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills combined with an agile process Motivated to lead successful projects and meet technical and business objectives Strong professional verbal, written, and interpersonal skills Registered full-time university/college student (must be minimum 2nd year) pursuing bachelor’s degree or post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or similar disciplines Experience in programming with Python (preferred), R, Spark, or language in a similar discipline English: Fluent. English & French Fluent required for Montreal position. Experience in application development is a plus Experience in data science libraries and frameworks such as Jupyter Notebooks, Scikit-learn, Pandas, Spark, and development technologies such as Git, REST, CI/CD pipelines, Linux command line, containers, Kubernetes 
ScrapedJobID350:
You will play a pivotal role in helping to enhance the QE test automation framework for the channels area, promoting and improving testability, creating and automating test cases, and identifying and reporting defects Advocate the usage of test automation frameworks Design, document, and implement test automation so there is broad functional test coverage Support all project test activities, enhance, develop and execute automated test scripts, record and track software discrepancies Facilitate resolution and communication across functional groups on issues and decisions Work with project stakeholders and developers to ensure that all aspects of the system have proper testing coverage and overall system reliability, performance and quality Hands-on experience in developing and implementing efficient test strategies focused on automation Expert in leading test case design to provide efficient optimal coverage though unit test, component/service based tests and complex “real life” test scenarios Experience in a variety of test automation frameworks/tools (SoapUI/ReadyAPI; Robot Framework) and script development using scripting languages (e.g., Perl, Python, Bash, etc.) Excellent knowledge in designing and coding of automation test scrips using Robot Automation Framework, Python, Selenium and API Minimum 5 years of experience in application testing in a QE/test environment with a focus on technical, automated testing in a variety of environments (cloud, Business workflows and services/APIs, databases) 5 + years of experience in Python 3 + year of experience in Robot Automation Framework 3+ years of experience in API testing Automated Testing Test Planning & Implementation 
ScrapedJobID351:
Gartner 2020 & 2019 Magic Quadrant for Industrial IoT Platforms MachNation: 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 1st Place IoT Edge Vendor Gartner 2018 Cool Vendor for IoT Platforms Frost & Sullivan: 2019 Product Innovation Award: Edge-to-Cloud IIoT Enablement Platform Develop and expand automated tests for existing product components. Be an active member of an agile development team developing automated tests Write manual testcases for new features Help push product quality forward with your experience inside the QA team Be a Quality evangelist! Excellent written communication Experience with: node.js, javascript, Selenium/Webdriver, Docker Experience with Automation: API, UI, Application Speed/Performance, High Variable Experience with Functional/Negative Testing 5+ years Automation/Manual QA experience Experience in a Startup/Small organization
Bonus skills: Golang, Java, Devops knowledge, Experience with Manufacturing or Manufacturing Software 
ScrapedJobID352:
Technical Implementation 50% Design and execute our automation strategy across multiple Cloud Platforms and Services Work closely with DevOps and Application teams to make sure new features are reliable, easily deployable, and support the requirements of the service in terms of scale and security Design strategies for Logging, Monitoring and Alerts and manages platform for the same Automate process of security patching of cloud resources Creates a prototype design for a product very rapidly with a wide range of techniques Strong understanding of cloud services and ability to architect solutions as per business requirements Strong understanding of cloud networks and ability to support designing and implementing industry best practices In-depth knowledge of Cloud Security practices and native cloud security toolsets and the experience of designing and embedding automated security practices Operations 40% Support Cloud operations for automations and work closely with app teams to improve user experience, performance, incident response, and the serviceability of our offerings Supports platform upgrade, triages issues and work with vendors for platform related issues/changes Support vulnerability patching of cloud resources Communications 10% Collaborate with all stake holders and communicate clearly on the requirements, incidents, support for onboarding and enhancements Will liaise with the Architecture team on designing cloud services Collaborate with DevOps and Cloud platform team for end-to-end implementation Post-Secondary education, preferably in the areas of Technology At least 5 years of relevant industry experience in maintaining a high availability cloud production environment At least 3 years of experience with service operations and knowledge of cloud infrastructure planning and operations, design, and deployment, as well as system life cycle management in supporting a SaaS infrastructure 2 years of experience with Azure stack, Kubernetes, ELK and Azure 2 year of experience on deployment automation like Terraform, Ansible, etc. Solid understanding of Networking/VPCs/monitoring & alerting frameworks and tools Substantial experience in operating a 24/7 high-availability cloud infrastructure in a highly transactional environment Experience with large Linux (Red Hat based) and Microsoft Windows Exposure to Database technology like MS SQL, MySql, Postgre etc. Experience with Azure PaaS and SaaS services Experience working in financial industry Experience in Building and Maintaining Azure Kubernetes Platform Kubernetes certification Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate Independent, self-motivated and enthusiastic Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to prioritize assignments, projects and handle multiple competing priorities (multi-tasking) within restricted time constraints Focus on customer/end user experience Experience with Atlassian (Confluence and JIRA) 
ScrapedJobID353:
Manage AWS infrastructure with scalability, robustness, and security in mind. Later, you'll do the same for Azure. Improve test environments and release process for on-premise installations. Establish monitoring of infrastructure and applications. Deeply understand how your systems behave and use that understanding to continuously push the boundaries of what’s possible. Continually improve the quality of your team’s work and development practices across the full development lifecycle. Provide technical mentorship for other engineers. 3+ years of experience working with large scale cloud-based business solutions Familiarity with Agile development methodologies and quality engineering principles Familiar with current database and development trends and processes Resourcefulness and troubleshooting aptitude Creative problem-solving skills Passionate about and engaged in the user experience and business outcomes Relentless about bringing maximum efficiency and stability to a code base and application 
ScrapedJobID354:
Design, deployment, configuration, maintenance, and operations of a CI/CD infrastructure in the cloud Streamline development environments that allow our developers to work more effectively and efficiently Keep infrastructure secure by implementing security policies, protocols and procedures Assigns and monitors work of technical personnel, ensuring that application development and deployment is done in the best possible way, and implements quality control and review systems throughout the development and deployment processes Displays technical leadership and oversight of implementation and deployment planning, system integration, ongoing data validation processes, quality assurance, delivery, operations, and sustainability of technical solutions Maintains issue tracking and documentation systems and provides reporting that ensures proper tracking and visibility of issues and projects Provides process improvement recommendations based on best practices and industry standards Work closely with the Head of Data Systems to align plans and goals. Maintain client satisfaction and happiness with StackPros’ deliverables, day-to-day work and overall value as a partner Help identify, pitch, cultivate, prepare and deliver material as needed for new business and business development initiatives Cultivate opportunities for company growth, always be looking for areas where StackPros Inc.’s role could be expanded or built upon Adapt to ever-changing client needs and expectations Maintain dedication toward achieving excellence in StackPros’ delivery against client needs, and overall success as an organization 5+ years of Linux/Unix administration experience 3+ years in a senior or SRE or DevOps role Experience in building, operating, and maintaining large scale, performance services Python, SQL, Cloud Computing,GCP, CI/CD and automation experience a must 100% employer-paid benefits package Regular yoga and meditation classes Lunch and Learns from your Team Mates Fun Employee Events and Activities Participation in Community Engagement 
ScrapedJobID355:
Ensure the reliability, efficiency and security of applications and services under your group's responsibility. Respond to Availability and Reliability Incidents of applications and services under your group's responsibility Performing objective post-incident analysis and review process along with other teams. Maintain, setup or develop Application Performance Management tools to guarantee your applications can meet their Service Level Objectives Collaborate with Architects and Delivery teams to improve the application's architecture and address reliability concerns Reducing overall operations workload through automation so we can focus on newer work Write, review, and refine technical documentation and diagrams to bring shared understanding across the organization. You are enthusiastic about making a significant difference in the lives of your customers through your work. You are passionate about software engineering and take privacy and security seriously. You are a continual learner, love new ideas and have a natural curiosity to keep improving. You understand the value of efficiency, automation, and reducing costs, and know when not to budge on software and service quality. You are a good example to your peers and demonstrates a high sense of responsibility Excellent problem isolation and troubleshooting skills and a knack for reproducing problems or outages Appetite for solving complex problems and can-do mindset Experience with multiple IT technologies such as Linux, Windows, Networking, etc. Practical hands on working experience doing Application Performance Management with various tools that work together such as: Monitoring and logging tools, Shell scripts or scripting languages Good understanding of Software Delivery, Management and Architecture concepts. 3 or more years relevant experience demonstrating software engineering mindset to software operations 1 or more years experience keeping applications or services reliably running in Microsoft Azure or other cloud platforms. Degree or Diploma in relevant IT fields or equivalent practical experience. Relevant Microsoft Azure Certifications will be an asset. Azure technologies and concepts such as VM, Storage, Key Vault, AKS, Azure Policy, RBAC, App Service, Functions, and others. Azure Disaster Recovery and High Availability solutions. 
ScrapedJobID356:
We have created the industry’s most comprehensive digital care platform, accelerating development and deployment of DTx products, with a unique ability to personalize treatment (Adaptative Care Paths). Over the past eight years, we have built a massive industry head-start of clinical evidence across the widest range of chronic diseases, meeting the needs of patients and its enterprise partners alike - neither of whom wants separate solution providers for each disease. Finally, we have built a unique distribution network through partnerships with the world’s leading healthcare companies – including 3 of the world’s top-10 pharma companies and a leading US payer - providing unprecedented access to tens of millions of lives. Work with compliance, legal, and auditors to enable successful implementation of security and compliance frameworks/standards. Heavy focus on automation, documentation, collaboration, and training. Manage cloud infrastructure and security applications Work with development teams to ensure reliable and secure cloud-oriented application design and implementation Support developers, identify and remove impediments Stay current with new technology trends You are a self-starter with strong discipline and work ethic. You can quickly learn and adapt to new environments and tooling. You have strong communication skills/be able to work in a collaborative environment. You are able to solve problems efficiently, effectively, and independently. You possess excellent analytical skills with a positive problem-solving attitude. You are able to shift between working in a collaborative team environment and working independently. You have a BSc degree in computer science or another relevant field. You are fluent in written and spoken English. 5+ years of experience maintaining Linux server environments. 2+ years of experience in cloud environments. 2+ years of experience with Docker and Kubernetes. Proficient in Bash and one or more other scripting languages. Familiar with automated configuration management, provisioning, and IaC tools and concepts. (F.x. Terraform, Ansible, Scalr, etc.) We are driven by a learning mentality There is no limit to personal growth We operate with openness, honesty, and transparency We build innovation and creativity into everything we do We value people over processes Team members enjoy freedom and accept responsibility We value problem-solvers and creative, independent thinkers We strive to be healthy in everything we do We have a strict no-jerk policy 
ScrapedJobID357:
Join a large team of developers owning authentication, tenant and user management backend services in a multi-tenant SaaS solution supporting thousands of signups per month. Participate in all aspects of software engineering including designing, planning, coding, verifying, integrating, releasing, monitoring, supporting and maintaining. Collaborate with managers, architects, site reliability engineers, quality assurance verifiers, and security office specialists to advance the team roadmap. Review architectural proposals to ensure a sound solution that doesn’t compromise expansion, scale, performance and robustness. Utilize an Agile software engineering process to continuously deliver and deploy quality and feature improvements in a cloud environment. Engage in sprint cycle around planning with estimation, daily scrum, demo and retrospective. Engineering with a solid track record of coding, designing and delivering products. Designing and coding NodeJs and GoLang or equivalent RESTful API micro-services using MongoDB or Redis. Developing solutions using containerization and Kubernetes. Architecting and building at scale with concepts like rate limiting, service level indicators, performance metrics, thread tracing. Understanding of Identity Access Management (IAM) or Identity-as-a-Service software and concepts. Programming OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, or similar authentication and authorization protocols. Understanding and using JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID358:

ScrapedJobID359:
Collaborate with team members to achieve successful continuous delivery solutions Build, maintain, and enhance CI/CD pipeline Design and develop scalable tools and applications Troubleshoot and perform root cause analysis of production system Triage and debug any issues that arise during testing and production Automate testing across CI/CD and cloud infrastructure management Monitor applications to ensure system health Quality assurance of infrastructure to ensure security, reliability, and scalability Build and maintain RESTful APIs to support integrations Work with internal customers (Development, QA, Implementation, and others) to support deployments Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field Two to three years of Dev Ops experience Experience working in AWS and other Cloud Technologies Experience working with Docker and/or Kubernetes Knowledge of Node.JS and Microservices In-depth knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Knowledge on relational and non-relational databases 
ScrapedJobID360:
Develop hardware schematic and PCB layout with Altium design Develop system/board architecture and execute implementation Evaluation and assistance with qualification of new and alternate components Evaluate and select components and support component qualification Develop engineering documentation Design and implement firmware on embedded devices (ARM Cortex M0-M3-M4) Design, develop, code, test, verify and debug system software Develop design files (schematic entry, source code, etc.) to implement the designs Support the board layout activities and HW/SW integration activities Research and investigate electronic components for obsolescence issues, alternates, cost, environmental characteristics, and revisions Provide production and post-production support Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering or equivalent work experience Minimum 1 year experience in Schematic and PCB Design Excellent Working knowledge of Altium Designer One year of experience in developing with a product team. Experience in hands-on development and troubleshooting with embedded devices, including design and manufacture verification and board bring-up Solid low-level programming experience with C/C++ Solid understanding of Sub 1GHz and 2.4GHz wireless connectivity Solid understanding of ARM microcontrollers and their system architecture & internals, Interrupts, scheduling, synchronization, asynchronous processing and RTOS Familiarity with ticket tracking tools, code review, unit testing, continuous integration, source control (GIT), and other tools for modern software development. Ability to learn quickly and adapt easily to new code bases Experience with optimizing code size for embedded systems Experience reading hardware schematics and doing board bring up Experience with Bluetooth Low Energy Prior experience on health care hardware platforms Experience with sensors or sensor sampling, such as accelerometers RF programming experience in Bluetooth (Broadcom, CSR, Nordic, ST, TI) Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) PCB design: 1 year (preferred) Schematic: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID361:
Collaborate with team members to achieve successful continuous delivery solutions Build, maintain, and enhance CI/CD pipeline Design and develop scalable tools and applications Troubleshoot and perform root cause analysis of production system Triage and debug any issues that arise during testing and production Automate testing across CI/CD and cloud infrastructure management Monitor applications to ensure system health Quality assurance of infrastructure to ensure security, reliability, and scalability Build and maintain RESTful APIs to support integrations Work with internal customers (Development, QA, Implementation, and others) to support deployments Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field Two to three years of Dev Ops experience Experience working in AWS and other Cloud Technologies Experience working with Docker and/or Kubernetes Knowledge of Node.JS and Microservices In-depth knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Knowledge on relational and non-relational databases 
ScrapedJobID362:
Develop hardware schematic and PCB layout with Altium design Develop system/board architecture and execute implementation Evaluation and assistance with qualification of new and alternate components Evaluate and select components and support component qualification Develop engineering documentation Design and implement firmware on embedded devices (ARM Cortex M0-M3-M4) Design, develop, code, test, verify and debug system software Develop design files (schematic entry, source code, etc.) to implement the designs Support the board layout activities and HW/SW integration activities Research and investigate electronic components for obsolescence issues, alternates, cost, environmental characteristics, and revisions Provide production and post-production support Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering or equivalent work experience Minimum 1 year experience in Schematic and PCB Design Excellent Working knowledge of Altium Designer One year of experience in developing with a product team. Experience in hands-on development and troubleshooting with embedded devices, including design and manufacture verification and board bring-up Solid low-level programming experience with C/C++ Solid understanding of Sub 1GHz and 2.4GHz wireless connectivity Solid understanding of ARM microcontrollers and their system architecture & internals, Interrupts, scheduling, synchronization, asynchronous processing and RTOS Familiarity with ticket tracking tools, code review, unit testing, continuous integration, source control (GIT), and other tools for modern software development. Ability to learn quickly and adapt easily to new code bases Experience with optimizing code size for embedded systems Experience reading hardware schematics and doing board bring up Experience with Bluetooth Low Energy Prior experience on health care hardware platforms Experience with sensors or sensor sampling, such as accelerometers RF programming experience in Bluetooth (Broadcom, CSR, Nordic, ST, TI) Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) PCB design: 1 year (preferred) Schematic: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID363:
Develop modern front-end applications that reach millions of users around the world. Create and maintain command line interfaces using NodeJS to package and deploy front-end assets. Work with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform to support the creation of storefronts Share in responsibility for your team’s technical health: architecture, best practices, reliability, security, etc. Improve developer and user experience through thoughtful design, rigorous testing, and clear documentation. Collaborate with scrum masters, product owners, designers, and other stakeholders. You’ll play an important role in helping us to deliver high-quality products to our partners and customers. Great communication skills. Experience building applications using NodeJS, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Exposure to Python or similar backend languages Experience with Agile Scrum. NodeJS, React, Python Docker, GitLab CouchDB 
ScrapedJobID364:
Collaborate proactively with a distributed team Write high quality code to create new features Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them Review code produced by other engineers Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events Build automated, highly reliable image delivery, testing and publication pipelines Design, build and integrate new features and enhancements into Ubuntu that will support users of Ubuntu in public clouds Engage with many other teams at Canonical, as well as the open source community and commercial partners You love technology and working with brilliant people You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated You have a Bachelor's or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree You have practical experience with at least 1 of Azure, Google or AWS IAAS and their product offerings You have interest and experience with two or more of the following: containers (docker, kubernetes, etc.), devops automation, open source projects, APIs, linux systems administration, python packaging, cloud-based applications at least 2 years experience in python software development and development or deployment on linux Learning and Development, with annual budget for professional development Annual Compensation Review Recognition Rewards Annual Leave Priority Pass for travel Flexible working options and schedules Work remotely with a talented globally distributed team 18 weeks full pay primary care giver parental leave, 4 weeks secondary, from day 1 
ScrapedJobID365:
Provide exemplary pre-sales technical expertise through technical and product presentations, demonstrations, pilot implementations, and ongoing sales consultation Drive the adoption of Voxco solutions within strategic accounts, rapidly growing usage across departments within the enterprise. Translate product/technical features into value drivers. Develop and maintain training materials and deliver training to improve product knowledge and demo abilities of both inside and enterprise salespeople. Build working knowledge of contending products and how to technically sell against them Work collaboratively with Product Management, Marketing and Engineering during the development, launch and continuing refinement of existing and new Voxco products Respond to initial product requests and frame product issues for discussion and resolution with Product and Technical teams Develop/maintain technical and business knowledge of industry directions and trends Bachelor's degree in a relevant field (E.g. Marketing, Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics) Minimum of 5 years of prior Sales/Systems Engineering, or Solution Architect experience with software in a SaaS/Cloud environment, selling to C/VP level buyers High energy, self-starter comfortable with ambiguity in entrepreneurial environments Extraordinary professional, sales, and technical capabilities; comfortable supporting both enterprise (field) and inside sales teams on targeted accounts Ability to explain and resolve common technical aspects of SaaS software, including security, protocols for APIs, SLAs, email/communication specifications, etc. Ability to see and present 'the big picture', architect solutions to solve customer problems, and uncover business challenges and develop custom solutions Strong customer facing and relationship building skills Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills (needs analysis, positioning, business justification, and closing techniques) Possess relevant functional sales experience that could be applied across an entire sales area in general or specific functional categories Strong leadership and ability to lead, encouraging both individual and team accomplishments Ability to learn new technologies This role could be 100% remotely Remote work is completely fine and our client is pride on being a close knit group that works together to make Voxco a great place to spend your day. A bit about the work environment: Montreal downtown, close to Guy-Concordia station Full range of health benefits Dining room and a game room Healthy snacks, complimentary weekly group lunches Dynamic and stimulating international work environment Group activities (e.g. Yoga) Group RRSP program Extended Health Care 
ScrapedJobID366:
Design and deliver features end to end that are ‘serviceable’. Distributed computation, high scale, high availability, geo-redundancy, low maintenance and with provable quality Able to handle large scope and complicated feature ownership by working under self-driven initiatives with PM and across teams 5+ years software development experience with familiarity of at least one of OOP languages: C#/Java Strong coding and problem solving skills Able to ramp up new technologies fast Degree in CS or similar Server and/or service experience Experience in scalable and distributed computing Machine Learning experience Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
ScrapedJobID367:
Deploy, maintain, and improve highly available systems and services Design and implement secure, resilient, and scalable cloud infrastructure systems Leverage system and software engineering skills to address the needs of business and engineering requirements Provide metrics, logging, analytics, and alerting systems across applications Provision test environments that allow development teams to test on terabytes of data Contribute to the product development roadmap and bring new technologies to continuously improve and innovate software engineering process Minimum 5 years of experience in DevOps, Software Engineering, Site Reliability Engineering, Cloud Architecture, or equivalent field. At least 4 years of it in DevOps related work. Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python and markup languages like JSON, Yaml, XML. Hands-on working experience in templated languages such as CloudFormation, Terraform. Deep expertise in architecting applications and services within Amazon Web Services (AWS). At least AWS Professional Certification related to DevOps and/or Solution Architect. Hands-on experience working with Git (Github) version control. Experience with Linux and an understanding of Linux internals and also provisioning linux and windows based compute environments in AWS. Experience architecting, provisioning, and managing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) systems. Experience managing test environments and providing engineers with necessary support during the development process. Hands-on experience optimizing allocation of resources (EC2 instances and S3 storage) and cost in AWS. Hands-on experience with Docker or other container-orchestration systems. Experience with AWS networking options such as VPC's, peering, transit gateways, VPNs, endpoints, and private links Proven track record with performance improvement and experience with profiling, tracing, and application performance monitoring (APM) tools (i.e., DataDog) Experience with infrastructure-as-code frameworks such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Chef, and Puppet Proven track record with implementing systems and processes for end to end development process (prototyping, building, testing, and integration) Flexible work schedules—we trust you to know what will make yourself most productive Supportive work environment and a manager who is focused on your professional growth Company events that highlight our team's passions and hobbies OnSiteIQ is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce 
ScrapedJobID368:

ScrapedJobID369:
Implement and automate deployment of modern, cloud native applications Set up monitoring for the health of both build and production systems and create automated alerts for outages or degraded performance Containerize complex virtual runtime environments Expand and streamline complex CI/CD pipelines that drive frequent, high-quality product releases Automate all mission-critical tasks and processes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent technical discipline, minimum 7 years (or 5 years with Master degree) working experience in an enterprise 24/7 production environment supporting critical, real-time applications. 3+ years of senior admin responsibility for AWS Services (auto-scaling highly available deployments of network, compute, storage, database, monitoring resources) in a production environment Experience building and sharing responsibility for the uptime of production, cloud-native application architectures Experience with modern Cloud Native application architectures utilizing FaaS , service meshes/proxies, etc. Experience with Monitoring tools like DataDog and able to create dashboard and metrics — establishing desired service behavior, measuring how the service is behaving (availability, latency, and overall system health), and correcting discrepancies Experience with Cloud Infrastructure automation tools/IaaS (Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, etc.) Experience building and managing custom Docker images and containers Hands-on experience with Kubernetes on AWS (EKS) and related tools/components Experience with Cloud Security, respond to security events, and automate security best practices. Experience with git-based repos and complex, auto-scaling CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins, AWS TerraForm Landing Zone Familiarity with Python and at least one other development or scripting language (C/C++, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, PHP, etc.) Ability to communicate and transfer knowledge clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment Ability to notice and respond effectively to service failures to preserve the service's conformance to its SLA (service-level agreement) A passion for getting to the bottom of issues and eliminating unknowns Evolving systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity Experience with full stack web development Experience with traditional enterprise web application frameworks, servers and tools Experience with performance testing tools and techniques Experience defining and measuring internal and customer-facing OLA/SLA 
ScrapedJobID370:
Embedded firmware development Customer and internal API development GUI development Automated test development and execution Lab debugging (Failure analysis, root cause) Specific responsibilities of the co-op student can include: Maintaining, updating, debugging current suite of windows and linux tools (gcc, clang, python, etc.) Evaluating new tools and web services and providing training to team members Updating makefiles, bash & python scripting, and Jenkins CI job configuration Linux and windows development toolchains Implementing tools and services in docker containers Maintaining linux server infrastructure Python scripting and development Reporting and debugging GUI issues Software development cycle Infrastructure configuration and management Software regression planning and execution Linux & windows based development Continuous Integration (Jenkins) methodologies Python, bash, and make scripting and automation Source code management (git) Candidate MUST be currently pursuing a BS/MS (preferred) degree in CS/EE or related technical field(s) 1+ years of related course work Excellent Design and Development experience, with good verbal and written communication skills Strong Programming Skills in C and Pythion, with good problem solving skills Understanding the fundamentals of computer architecture Understanding of fundamental Networking from the OSI model, with emphasis on the PHY up to the data lInk level. Experience working on MCU processors environments is a plus 
ScrapedJobID371:
Planning and conducting small to large-scale site investigation programs, Geotechnical (soil and rock core) logging and sample selection for laboratory testing, Geotechnical data interpretation including aerial photography, LiDAR, photogrammetry, 3D point cloud interrogation, Geotechnical analysis and design including kinematic and limit state equilibrium analyses for rock cut design, soil and rock slope stability assessments, rock anchor and slope stabilization design, and foundation design, Technical report writing, and Construction monitoring services such as rock cut excavation monitoring, rock slope support (anchors, bolts, shotcrete, dowels), rockfall mitigation monitoring (scaling, trim blasting, catch ditch excavation, catch fence installation) and tower foundation construction. Undergraduate and/or Graduate Degree in Geotechnical/Geological Engineering. Other relevant third-level academic qualifications will be considered based on the candidate's work experience and employment history. 1-3 years or more of industry and/or consulting engineering experience with a variety of field and office-based experience. Less experienced candidates may be considered for other roles. Field experience which may include; geological, geotechnical, and geomechanical rock core and test pit logging, in-situ hydrogeological testing, monitoring instrumentation installations (standpipe piezometer, vibrating wire, and inclinometer), geological mapping including rock mass characterizations and classifications, surficial geology, underground/tunnel mapping, and laboratory test sample selection and scheduling. Soil mechanics experience including site investigation and design & analyses also considered a benefit. Compilation of geomechanical and geotechnical borehole and test pit logs using gINT and/or Strater. Aerial photograph interpretation, roped access certification, blasting design, and/or supervision of construction activities such as rock slope support (anchors, bolts, shotcrete, dowels) or slope rehabilitation considered a benefit. Design experience with kinematic stability and limit equilibrium analyses using software including the RocScience suite (Slide, Dips, RocPlane, RocSupport, RocFall, RS2, RS3, RocData) as well as GeoStudio. Other relevant analysis software packages such Maptek, DanW, CAD, key block modeling (Leapfrog), hydrogeological modeling and numerical modeling (FLAC, UDEC) are considered a benefit. Geohazard assessments including rockfall hazard and slope performance assessments Construction monitoring services. Eligible to register as a professional engineer or geoscientist in the Province of British Columbia. Strong people skills and an ability to work in a team environment. Willing to travel and enjoy working in outdoor challenging environments, all year round. The candidate can expect to be working on rotation away from the office for extended periods during large field programs in remote locations and/or operating mine sites, particularly during the summer and fall months. Preferable candidate to be based in our Vancouver office, however, consideration will be given to candidates to be based from other Tetra Tech offices (Nanaimo, Revelstoke, Fernie, or Calgary). Remote working or a combination of office-based and working from home (Flex time) will be considered based on each individual candidate’s experience and location. 
ScrapedJobID372:
Design, develop and iterate on backend services that handle millions of requests per day Develop and maintain platform components that enable our core product features Collaborate with engineering leaders to determine how to reliably scale backend systems Use a hands on approach to research, measure and improve application performance Work with infrastructure engineers to collaboratively plan and maintain tools that underpin our developer experience Work closely with leadership to identify and solve architectural and technological challenges Profit-sharing, distributed quarterly Frequent promotions 3 weeks vacation and paid sick days Happy Hour every Friday Extended health benefits Continued education allowance Annual fitness allowance Work from anywhere in the world Join a bootstrapped, product-focused, & customer-oriented team You have several years of experience with PHP 7+ You have experience with modern cloud storage solutions such as BigQuery You are focused around quality and supporting others to maintain a high standard You have an understanding of system design and can quickly scope out projects You are comfortable around modern infrastructure tooling and understand how infrastructure relates to software development You learn fast and are eager to experiment, research and test new technologies to validate how they can be used to fulfill company goals 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID373:
Work on building and improving our tools for deploying, monitoring and managing our systems. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Proactively identify improvements to continually improve resilience. Analyze system problems including root cause determination and manage any needed recovery process to ensure a quick restoration of service without loss of data. Participate in on-call rotation. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar. 3+ years of relevant work experience. You have years of experience in one or many of the following careers: DevOps, Continuous Delivery/Release Engineer, Software Engineer (Python or Java), System Administration Experience automating software build, deployment and server configuration management using tools such as Jenkins. Expertise in Linux system administration, databases, web servers, and networking. Payfare runs on Kubernetes. A deep understanding of the internal workings of Kubernetes is considered a major asset to the success of this role. Working experience with Terraform is considered an asset. Experience using elements of Chaos Engineering to increase resiliency is a major plus. Experience with AWS and expertise in understanding how to utilize AWS to improve resiliency. Experience running code in production on public cloud resources. A deep curiosity that motivates you to keep on top of technical trends and informs your ability to suggest tools and approaches to interesting problems. The ability to empathize with and communicate clearly within the team, and to all the other parts of the business. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID374:
Experience in database driven web application testing Experience with MySQL Experience with PHP / Javascript test frameworks (Jest, mocha, phpunit) Experience with integration test frameworks (Puppeteer, Selenium) Experience with software version control systems (Git) Creative thinker Excellent communication skills Team player Ability to rapidly learn new technologies Able to juggle multiple priorities containerization (Docker) AWS automation (Chef/Puppet, Ansible, Cloudformation etc.) Deployment pipelines 
ScrapedJobID375:
Put Student Success First: Ready Education exists to improve student success. As a an engineer on the team, you will work to ensure that our product is successfully adopted and utilized by our 425+ campuses, and with every decision, always put the student at the heart Accomplish More As a Team: our team here at Ready is made up of passionate, hardworking people who support, care for, and challenge each other to achieve wins together. We learn from each other and embrace creative tension to ensure the best idea wins. We collaborate to solve problems together Have a Learning Mentality: we are looking for intellectually curious people who never stop learning and growing and who embrace change, which is essential at a constantly evolving tech company. You will continuously push yourself and others around you to improve and evolve Move Fast and Innovate: to be successful at Ready, you will need to be self-motivated and able to work autonomously. You will need to have excellent judgement and decision making skills to solve problems and move forward quickly Design, build, manage, and improve the core infrastructure used by all of Ready’s engineering teams Help debug production issues across various services and levels of stack, and improve the observability and traceability of our systems to make the process more efficient Help scrutinize, reason, and drive the technology and architecture choices we make in building our platform Work with the other engineers and architects to ensure that the development, testing, and deployment of our technology is as easy and dependable as possible Help ensure that the security of our systems is state-of-the-art and exceeds the requirements and expectations of our higher education customers Help to continuously improve the team processes of our engineering team Have at least 5 years of experience in a DevOps Engineering or Infrastructure Engineering role, with a focus on cloud-hosted microservice-based technologies Have a strong systems engineering background and be interested in building durable systems Care deeply about the reliability and ease-of-use of infrastructure, and want to empower the rest of the engineering team to do more with less Have extensive experience operating within at least one popular cloud hosting provider (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) Have extensive experience building highly available, secure, and cost-efficient infrastructure that utilize a variety of technologies and data stores, including private cloud networking topologies, load-balanced web applications, Nginx, MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch Have experience administrating and optimizing common databases such as MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, and MongoDB Be proficient in Python or a similar scripting language Have good writing and verbal communication skills Experience working with Python web applications Experience working in enterprise technology space, with a higher level of compliances on security (e.g. in education or healthcare technology) AWS Solutions Architect / DevOps Engineer certification, or similar for other providers Experience leading an engineering or DevOps team Experience working with a remote or distributed team 
ScrapedJobID376:
Analyze current technology utilized within the company and develop steps and processes to improve and expand upon them Establish milestones for necessary contributions from departments and develop processes to facilitate their collaboration Assist other department engineers in creating practical demonstrations of proposed solutions and demonstrating them to other members of the team Provide detailed specifications for proposed solutions including materials, manpower and time necessary Provide clear goals for all areas of a project and develop steps to oversee their timely execution Work closely with engineering professionals within the company to maintain hardware and software needed for projects to be completed efficiently Mentor and train other engineers throughout the company and seek to continually improve processes company wide Work alongside project management teams to successfully monitor progress and implementation of initiatives Implement integration requested by customers Deploy updates and fixes Provide Level 2 technical support Build tools to reduce occurrences of errors and improve customer experience Develop software to integrate with internal back-end systems Perform root cause analysis for production errors Investigate and resolve technical issues Develop scripts to automate visualization Design procedures for system troubleshooting and maintenance BS in Computer Science, IT or equivalent area of technical study (IT experience can substitute for a BS degree) Familiarity with container orchestration services, especially docker Familiarity with agile software development in PHP, JS Experience administering and deploying development CI/CD tools such as Git, Jira, GitLab, or Jenkins Significant experience with Windows and Linux operating system environments Experience with infrastructure scripting solutions such as PowerShell or Python Familiarity with AWS cloud platform Work experience as a DevOps Engineer or similar software engineering role Good knowledge of PHP, Ruby or Python Working knowledge of databases and SQL Problem-solving attitude Team spirit On-site parking 8 hour shift Vaughan, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) What is your salary expectation AWS: 3 years (preferred) Container Based Architecture: 2 years (preferred) Docker: 3 years (preferred) GraphQL: 3 years (preferred) DevOps: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID377:
Ownership of the deployment pipelines of Videri’s suite of products across mobile, embedded Android and cloud-based solutions Streamline the deployment process and ensure automation and continuous integration best practices are in place Ownership of the cloud infrastructure and follow best practices for maintenance and updates based on security guidelines Analyze current technology used within the company and develop strategies to improve and expand upon them. Provide technical and analytical guidance to the other DevOps and Development team members Identify performance bottlenecks in applications, systems, databases, processes and methodologies, make recommendations and provide solutions Build and maintain monitoring tools for infrastructures and key customer accounts Improve system performance by identifying problems and recommending changes Participate in writing and maintaining technical documentation Participate in planning out development projects Excellent knowledge of AWS (EC2, EKS, S3, IAM, OPSWORKS) Excellent knowledge of self-managed Kubernetes or AWS EKS Excellent knowledge of CI/CD concepts, strong knowledge of tools such as Jenkins, GoCD Good Automation Provisioning knowledge with configuration management and IaC tools is a must. Ansible and Terraform (Strong to Expert) Good understanding of Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.) Shell scripting, python, ruby (proficiency in at least one. GoLang is a plus) Extensive experience in Linux Experience with monitoring tools (Cloudwatch, Prometheus, Alert Manager, New Relic) Source Control (git, GitLab) Understanding of DNS Servers (bind, route53) Knowledge of network security and best practices Managing web servers (Nginx, Apache) Strong team spirit, flexibility, problem solving and time management skills Good communication skills Computer Science degree, relevant diploma or demonstrable work experience in DevOps role Competitive salary depending on experience Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Three weeks’ vacation, five personal days, six sick days Be part of a great office culture that encourages a positive environment Flexible work from home policy 
ScrapedJobID378:
An escalation point for complex support issues from Tier 1 & 2 support staff globally. Responsible for reproducing/confirming product defects and reporting such defects to QA and Product Management for future consideration. Provide product training for Tier 1 & 2 support and act as a mentor to junior support engineers. Responsible for escalating technical issues that could not be resolved by Tier 1 & 2 Engineers to QA, Product Development, and R&D. Maintaining required product environments for the entire Technical Support organization. Provide after hours coverage as part of an on-call rotation schedule for SLA support as needed. Work continuously to increase Tier 2 Engineer product knowledge by reviewing escalated cases on a Daily basis. Ensure that all levels of the Technical Support organization are informed and current of all product enhancements/ latest releases by working closely with the Product teams and sharing that information with the entire Support organization. Ensure customer inquiries are responded to within established timeframes and technical support service levels are achieved. Ability to demonstrate strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Possesses strong customer relation skills. Ability to handle multiple priorities. Perform in an effective and timely manner all the tasks required. Work as a member of the Technical Support team and collaborate with other departments (i.e. R&D, PM) to exceed SysAid customer’s expectations for technical support. Exhibit above average reasoning ability by clearly defining problems, analyzing data, establishing facts, and drawing valid conclusions. Represent SysAid in a professional manner, especially when providing online support. Methodically resolve the more difficult and complex production issues reported by customers and partners. Excellent written communication and verbal skills, as well as strong listening skills. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5 years experience in providing technical support to global customers using the SAAS platform and Cloud infrastructure, assisting with integration and product-related queries automation controls. Must have in-depth knowledge of various Microsoft Windows and Linux Operating systems, MS and MySQL databases, LAN/WAN Networking, and IT Network Operations experience. Must have Knowledge of internet protocols, JavaScript, NodeJS, Python, HTML & CSS. Experience utilizing debugging tools and lab simulations to analyze problems and identify solutions. Ability to logically troubleshoot software issues to determine the root cause and present suggested workarounds and solutions. Proven support experience as well as exhibiting professional client-facing skills. 
ScrapedJobID379:
Full-Stack Software Development 3-5 years B.Sc in Computer Science / Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience Gather requirements, preparing design documentation, and creating mockups Writing node.js code for implementation of serverless backend REST API Writing frontend code using Angular, SVG, CSS, HTML, DOM Writing integration and unit tests to increase the quality of code Refactoring existing codebase to improve maintainability, increase testing coverage, and optimizing performance 3 years experience developing REST API utilizing JWT 3 years experience in Node.js, ES6 3 years experience working with Angular widget is driven development Good understanding of secure client-server communication Experience working with cloud environments AWS/GCP/Azure Understanding of GIT and CI/CD practices and tools Can-do attitude Experience implementing solutions working low level with network protocols Experience in developing cybersecurity solution backend or frontend Familiarity with NoSQL Databases and Data Lake concepts Familiarity with serverless technology API Gateway + Lambda Understanding SAST/DAST/IAST tools and debugging techniques Knowledge of test automation and code quality tools (Jenkins, Mocha, Chai, Nyc, Sonarcube) Familiarity with K8S, Terraform, and the containerized environment Knowledge of IDP solutions and experience integrating them Working on projects involving Machine Learning 
ScrapedJobID380:
You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; clients describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. Bachelor's degree / diploma in Computer Science / Engineering, or equivalent work experience. 4+ years in network and system engineering for on premise, hybrid or cloud solutions 3+ years experience working with Azure Cloud services Experience automating and managing infrastructure-as-code Experience in configuration management and developing CI/CD pipelines Experience in DevOps and MLOps Methodology Familiarity with Linux fundamentals Rebased a branch in Git Scripting experience in your language of choice (Python, Bash, Powershell, etc) Used container orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes deployments) Used an artifact repository Worked in a multi-function team to deliver end-to-end solutions We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID381:
052668 Required: Hands on experience using Google Cloud Migrate for Compute Engine (formerly Velostrata) and Google Cloud Associate Engineer Certification Experience of implementing architectural governance and proactively managing issues and risks throughout the delivery lifecycle. Good familiarity with the disciplines of enterprise software development such as configuration & release management, source code & version controls, and operational considerations such as monitoring and instrumentation Experience of consulting or service provider roles (internal, or external); Strong knowledge on software development methodologies like Agile/Scrum, Kan Ban etc. Broad understanding of enterprise project lifecycle A good degree-level education is highly desirable Experience using database technologies like Oracle, MySQL i and understanding of NoSQL, MongoDB is preferred. Experience automation experience with either Chef or Puppet 
ScrapedJobID382:
Validate database deployments for best practices. Monitor deployment metrics Debug performance issues Debug replication and availability issues Provide customer support for performance, schema design, indexes, etc. Good written and oral communication skills. Good Knowledge of SQL databases – SQL server, Oracle, MySQL Background in Linux/Unix administration Familiar with cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure. Comfortable working in a 24/7 environment. Weekend work may be required. There is a rotating on-call calendar. Expertise with multiple databases, including MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, & Elastic 
ScrapedJobID383:
At least 3 years of experience working as a DevOps specialist, a software developer or a software reliability engineer Working knowledge of networking in hybrid cloud environments Scripting and programming skills in at least one of those: Powershell, Bash, Python, Go, Ruby Experience delivering production-grade software Ability to contribute to all the phases of the software development lifecycle Experience working in Windows and Linux environments Ability to learn quickly and a passion for new technology Experience with containerization tools such as Docker, Kubernetes or OpenShift Experience with at least one message broker such as Kafka, RabbitMQ or ActiveMQ Comfortable in the terminal Experience with relational databases Strong analytical and problem-solving skills A "get things done" attitude Great written and verbal communication skills in English Experience with configuration management tools such as Ansible or Chef Experience with infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform Software engineering or computer science degree/background Experience in an AWS environment, with exposure to Azure and GCP Software solutions to optimize trading Ensuring all systems are functioning during trading operations Preparing the systems for upcoming trades Create, improve, and fully automate CI/CD development cycles Data normalization and software packaging Providing regular support in the areas of software maintenance and deployment Contributing to the support of multiple trades and improving current processes Recognized as one of Canada's Best Employers for the past 8 years Committed to continuous learning & development Industry leading benefits package and perks Focused on employee well-being and work-life balance Community initiatives, volunteer program and opportunities for giving back 
ScrapedJobID384:
Develop services, features, and enhancements, primarily in Python or Go. Analyze, design, implement, deploy and maintain distributed systems responsible for financial transactions and product entitlements. Integrate our commercial solutions with public cloud marketplaces and APIs. Stay up-to-date on and apply the latest developments in public cloud marketplaces, APIs and features. Work within a team in an agile manner on design, implementation, testing and code reviews in an iterative manner. Take ownership of services deployed to production that satisfy diverse interests across our company. Assist in meeting with internal stakeholders to help gather requirements and set priorities. Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related engineering field. 5+ years of experience as a software developer in a high-level language. Proven ability to consistently deliver robust code to production. Experience with building and evolving distributed systems and APIs. Experience with developing and deploying for Ubuntu Linux in public clouds. Experience with integrating authentication & authorization, financial, public cloud or marketplace systems is a plus. Experience with SalesForce or APEX is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders and remain highly motivated, productive, and organized. Able to travel to international destinations for 1 week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year. Locations prior to the global pandemic included New York, Seattle, London, Cape Town, Budapest, Berlin, Montreal, and Brussels. Learning and Development Annual Compensation Review Recognition Rewards Annual Leave Priority Pass for travel Flexible working option 
ScrapedJobID385:
Contribute to the development of our existing machine learning models: everything from data cleaning and processing to neural network architecture Experiment with machine learning and other image processing approaches to solve new medical imaging problems related to our current and future products Develop and test production code required to deploy models and image processing algorithms to our user-facing application Use sound software development principles to ensure that developed code is modifiable, efficient, reliable, and understandable Proficiency with Python (2+ years experience) Experience with common Python libraries such as NumPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, Tensorflow/Keras, SciPy, etc. Experience with data engineering Experience with development and analysis of common machine learning approaches (regression, classification, clustering) Experience with deep learning computer vision applications Object Oriented development experience Strong problem solving skills Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively on cross-functional teams in a fast moving environment High level of initiative with ability to self-manage Strong interpersonal skills with ability to work both independently and as part of a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields (or equivalent experience) and/or demonstrable related experience Experience with DICOM medical imaging data format Cloud computing experience with AWS an asset Experience with semantic segmentation Master’s or PhD with a machine-learning or image processing focus Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience with deep learning computer vision applications? Do you have any experience with medical imaging data (CT/MRI/etc)? Machine Learning: 1 year (preferred) Python: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID386:
Manage and triage the team’s ticket queue Manage infrastructure pipelines including but not limited to Kubernetes clusters, container image registries, and secure vaults. Manage build pipelines for different programming languages Manage deploy pipelines to deploy container images to Kubernetes clusters Monitor and manage platform KPIs Help and coach project teams to use platforms and pipelines Knowledge of agile methodologies and tools e.g. Jira Experience with Git and Git workflows Interpersonal skills, and ability to flourish working in a fast-paced environment Ability to work effectively in a cross-disciplinary team, across multiple projects and multiple locations. Adaptive to change and ability to quickly learn and apply new concepts to business priorities Excellent analytic and problem-solving capabilities Experience with Docker containers Experience with Kubernetes Experience with Jenkins and Groovy language Experience with cloud based infrastructures and infrastructure as code Experience in software development is an asset Experience with Python Experience working with open source frameworks and leveraging capabilities scaled by the community at large Good understanding of networking concepts Academic : undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, collegiate diploma in computer science or equivalent experience (required) 
ScrapedJobID387:
The creation of cloud foundations Design and deployment of net-new cloud native solutions Migration and modernization of existing workloads Enabling organization transformation to a cloud-first model Work in partnership with clients, helping them understand how to use cloud technology to meet their business objectives Communicate and interact with project leads and technical stakeholders Provide leadership where appropriate to technical implementation workstreams Deliver at a consistently high standard Able and willing to be hands on when required Provide assistance with technical issues, escalations and resolution Provide a good experience to your teammates and to our customers 3 years of IT experience in Infrastructure area including Senior Support capacity General technical understanding of cloud platforms and supporting technologies Strong experience with a business audience in either project or high level support capacity Ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences effectively and clearly Technical experience in a major cloud platform, preferably Azure in Public or Private but strong experience to Azure on-prem we always consider Knowledge of Identity and Access management (IAM) software defined networking, security, governance, and compliance Must have prior scripting experience and familiar with dealing with conditional logic, looping and string handling Understanding of cloud automation and orchestration tools and techniques including git, terraform, Azure DevOps, ARM Experience in IaC and CaC (Containerization as Code) Any and all of: Jenkins, Ansible, AKS, Docker, etc. 3+ hands on experience in implementing and/or maintaining highly complex cloud environments Experience migrating on-premise workloads to the cloud At least one recognized public cloud technical certification Product experience in more than one public cloud, such as Azure, AWS or Google Cloud is an asset Commitment to learn and to invest time to bridge gaps in knowledge Acquire required Azure technical certification (our treat!) Keep up to date with technology trends 
ScrapedJobID388:
Work as part of a small engineer team to be the interconnect between business and tech divisions Maintain uptime of some backend servers for internal use Program small scripts and code snippet for use internally Assist Senior engineers to design feature protocol and framework Write clean, unit-tested code with an eye towards performance and maintainability Help supports to provide technical solutions for user needs & requests Assist team in decomposing user stories into tasks, estimating the effort, and planning sprints 1+ years of experience working in a technology company Experience in at least one programming language Familiarity of Python in Django Familiarity of Database like MySQL and/or MongoDB Familiarity of Mobile OS (Android, iOS) Familiarity of cloud services such as ASW or Azure College degree / Postsecondary Education Have solid project outcomes by using Python as development language Knowledge with open web standards technologies, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, including jQuery and other libraries Experience with scripting in a shell Experience with databases Experience with AngularJS or React is a plus Experience with RESTful APIs College degree in Computer Science (Minimum postsecondary education) Strong attention to detail while being able to handle multiple tasks concurrently and meet daily deadlines Communicative, Self-motivated and able to work both independently and in a group setting in a high volume, fast-paced, and demanding environment Exceptional critical thinking and problem-solving skills 1-2 years of software development experience 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Weekend availability Bachelor's Degree (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID389:
Test technically complex product features and interactions at the system level Improve product quality and usability by influencing the design and implementation of new features Define and Execute test plans (feature, system, robustness, stress, scaling, performance) Use software brokers in the cloud Engage with developers to investigate, isolate and reproduce defects Develop into a subject matter expert, everyone on the team is vital to success Embrace and adapt to new and emerging technologies B.S degree or higher in Engineering or similar field Knowledge of software quality, testing and reporting methodologies Interested in testing complex software systems Strong analytical skills, excellent problem-solving and debugging skills A positive attitude in the workplace and the ability to drive change Experience with at least one scripting language (eg: TCL, Python, Perl) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ready to roll up your sleeves and get creative Excited about the future of Messaging Passionate about finding defects and making the products even better A dedicated team player who likes to win! Work experience in a technical QA role (including co-op) Experience with at least one cloud computing platform (eg: AWS, Azure, GCP, PCF) Familiar with cloud and orchestration technologies (Kubernetes/OpenShift) Experience designing and implementing test scripts, tools and systems Knowledge of Linux operating systems 
ScrapedJobID390:
Installing applications and operating systems. Maintaining and updating applications and operating systems. Monitoring all services and servers. Maintaining and monitoring the current Striata, a Doxim company network. Installing and second/third level support of company Applications and services related to Striata, a Doxim company solutions. Provide technical support for team members. Construct and maintain all required consulting documentation. Provide a clear consulting communication channel. Ensure all knowledge gained is documented and added to the company knowledge base. Assist with all client related issues. Management of appropriate processes maintaining and supporting the above mentioned. Consulting on the installation of the application, upgrades and patches. Raising all new software bugs with the core development team. This includes gathering all required information and applying the fixes to the appropriate platform. Analysis of all system related issues and communication of the results. Incidents Downtime Trends Types of queries Training Other Working experience in network, DNS, VPN and DHCP administration Excellent verbal and written communications skills Excellent listening skills Excellent planning and organizing skills Excellent time management skills Excellent client service skills Fully proficient within a Linux environment Familiar with Windows environment Apache & IIS experience Fully proficient on Virtualization & Cloud Services like AWS Sound knowledge of a Relational database design, performance and query tuning is a must. Added advantage:
Experience in Network & Security Administration
Control Versioning Software
DevOps skills Experience in Network & Security Administration Control Versioning Software DevOps skills 
ScrapedJobID391:
Troubleshooting web applications and their supporting infrastructure Configuring, managing, and optimizing monitoring systems Optimizing web applications, systems, and infrastructure for performance Deploying and administering product delivery pipelines Analyse, improve and document workflow processes Responding to alerts and incidents as member of an on-call rotation Improve, script and automate administrative solutions Engage ITSM, follow SaaS Ops guidelines and meet SLA objectives Help drive improvement of system performance by identifying problems and recommending changes 3+ years of hands on SRE experience Experience working and managing cloud environment (Azure preferred) Advanced Kubernetes experience Must have experience working with Git, Helm, Terraform, Ansible, HashiCorp Vault Nice to have experience working with ArgoCD, Azure, Nginx, Docker, Palo Alto Firewalls Excellent troubleshooting and deductive skills; must be able to use monitoring tools to identify issues etc. Linux(RHEL) Product experience is a bonus Excellent people skills with ability to lead by example and motivate team members Ability work in fast pace environment while following best practice and company process Highly driven and passionate about technology, product development and product success Ability to understand and communicate complex technical solutions Excellent oral, listening, and written communication skills Strong organizational and prioritization skills Self-motivated, proactive, and driven team-player attitude Access to industry-focused talent globally Ability to leverage best-of-breed, innovative products and solutions for complex architecture and large-scale transformation Extended global geographic market reach Ability to capitalize on our client footprint and deep domain expertise within financial services 
ScrapedJobID392:
Assists with the ongoing conceptualization, development and implementation of an enterprise architecture. Partners with business line managers, providing technical and system expertise, to synergize IT strategic direction and product concepts. Partners with product development management to define IT strategic direction and assists in the mapping of projects to that strategic direction whilst ensuring product capabilities and process improvements are delivered over time within the framework of the IMS enterprise architecture. Leads cross-functional product development teams, acting also as a senior consultant to provide system and technical advice. Keeps up to date with technology changes and identifies opportunities for implementation in future systems. Incubate new ideas with working code for proof of concept Work with development teams to:
Direct their re-platforming efforts to use appropriate Functional Programming patterns
Code review and walkthrough
Coordinate interfaces and APIs (ReST and Scala) between the teams; drive adoption and agreement
Answer questions from the development teams on the platform Direct their re-platforming efforts to use appropriate Functional Programming patterns Code review and walkthrough Coordinate interfaces and APIs (ReST and Scala) between the teams; drive adoption and agreement Answer questions from the development teams on the platform Vet proposed architectures and advise on internal investment decisions Some travel will be required, as needed Ability to learn new frameworks, languages, paradigms, and techniques quickly and with little direction Strive to be a thought leader and advanced practitioner in creative tools and tactics; forward-thinking in understanding the emerging tools, technologies, and technology practices Functional programming and design experience in any language Strong Computer Science fundamentals and firm understandings of data structures and algorithms Relational database development and data warehousing know-how Object-oriented design, with a focus on type systems, static typing and application design patterns Prior experience of working in global teams. Skill to guide and coordinate with other developers SOA experience creating web services and APIs Test driven design and automated testing techniques Can take a passionate stand on technology and communicate across a large organization Development team leadership Azure or AWS experience building cloud native platforms Experience with Databricks, Azure Synapse, Snowflake Hadoop HDFS, Spark SQL, Scala, Dataframes, Streaming, MLlib, GraphX Passion for open source technologies, with a history of contributions Actor based concurrency systems (Akka, Scalaz, or Quasar) Apache Spark and related technologies (Hive, HDFS, Hadoop, YARN, Mesos) DevOps expertise (Git, Jenkins, Maven, SBT, Eclipse, IntelliJ, JIRA) CloudOps familiarity (IaaS like AWS, PaaS, Docker, Vagrant, Infrastructure as code, continuous deployment) Static code analysis tooling usage (SonarQube, Findbugs) Healthcare data a plus 
ScrapedJobID393:
Building great services that help our customers succeed Writing highly-scalable, highly-available, cloud-ready applications Solving end-to-end problems Testing code (e.g. writing functional and unit tests) Adopting Agile methodologies to continuously release and deploy iterations of our services Adopting DevOps methodologies for enabling and supporting always-on services BS/MS or equivalent experience in a computer science, engineering, information systems or related discipline Significant industry experience in a Software Engineering role and building large scale data platform Strong experience in a programming language in Java, Go Lang, Python etc Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, software designs, micro services, and cloud computing Experience building CI/CD and server/deployment automation solutions Passion to develop elegant and cutting-edge solutions for real-world business problems Knowledge of big data and deep learning technology Knowledge of search technology Experience with AWS 
ScrapedJobID394:
Understand the business drivers and analytical use-cases and translate these to data products Explore new technologies and learn new techniques to solve business problems creatively Think big and drive the strategy for better data quality within Pinterest Design, implement and maintain pipelines that produce business critical data reliably and efficiently using cloud technology Become the voice of business within engineering, and of engineering within business Create data visualizations that allow easy consumption of the data learnings and insights Collaborate with many teams from Product, Engineering and Business to produce relevant data solutions that can be used across multiple use cases Over 5 years of experience with big data (Hadoop, Hive, Presto, Spark, SparkSQL), scripting language (Python) and data visualization (Tableau) technologies Hands-on experience in principled data warehouse design, data visualization and data pipeline design and development Prior experience working with business stakeholders in the technology space is a plus Great communication skills. You should be able to directly communicate with senior business leaders, embed yourself with business teams, and present solutions to business stakeholders Experience in working independently and driving projects end to end Strong analytical skills 
ScrapedJobID395:
Design and deploy functional networks (LAN, WLAN, WAN, SDWAN, NSX) Configure and install software, servers, routers, and other network devices as needed for both infrastructure and development projects Conduct research on network products, services, protocols, and standards to remain abreast of developments in the networking industry and how they pertain to our development and test processes. Oversee new and existing equipment, hardware, software upgrades, patch management. Practice network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory and related documentation and technical specifications information. Monitor and test network performance and provide network performance statistics and reports on a regular basis to (upper) management. Troubleshoot and resolve development lab tickets by troubleshooting issues that are perceived as network related in our development environments. Work with automation engineers to automate tasks and monitor their effectiveness Assist the IT security team in implementing and ensuring all proper security measures (e.g. access authentication and disaster recovery) are in place and working as expected with regards to our lab environments. Communicate with our customers at a high level around networking needs. Maintain complete technical documentation Suggest improvements to network performance, capacity and scalability and ability to plan and implement those changes Industry-related experience as a Sr. Network Engineer Professional certification (e.g. CCNP, CCDP, CCIE, Aruba certifications) Proven experience with network design and capacity planning, network security principles, and general network management best practices. In-depth understanding of communication protocols (mainly TCP/IP v4 and v6) and routing protocols. Previous experience working on HPe Procurve and Aruba switching and Fortigate firewalls strongly preferred. Experience with other vendors desired. Strong experience working in a VMWare environment – experience with NSX desirable. Experience using network emulation tools highly preferred (NetEM, kmax, CORE) Cloud networking experience desired. Familiarity with access control models, network security and BCP/DR design. Knowledge of coding languages for scripting (e.g Powershell, Python, Perl) Experience with network diagnostic, monitoring and analysis tools. Solid understanding of network operating systems Sharp troubleshooting skills Ability to work independently Organizational and mentoring skills Experience in the use of Confluence and Jira. BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field preferred. Competitive benefits program, a Group RRSP plan, fitness and commuting allowances Flexible working from home policy Flexible vacation policy, 13 company paid holidays, 10 paid sick days, and paid parental leave 
ScrapedJobID396:
Google Cloud Architect Certified or able to complete within the first 45 days of employment. A secondary Google Cloud certification in any other specialization. Expert or Professional level certifications in either or both AWS and Azure. Technical mastery of networking, VPNs, compute infrastructure (servers, databases, firewalls, load balancers, etc), and architecting/developing/maintaining production-grade systems in virtualized environments. Applied experience migrating complex, multi-tiered workloads from on-prem to the cloud, including provisioning the target infrastructure and executing cutover plans that minimize system downtime. Applied experience delivering immutable infrastructure-as-code solutions using tools like Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt, and Packer. Applied experience delivering continuous integration/continuous delivery pipelines, utilizing techniques like blue/green and canary deployments, with tools such as Jenkins, CircleCI, TravisCI, and Spinnaker. Working knowledge of systems monitoring, capacity planning, and performance tuning. Knowledge and understanding of industry trends and new technologies and the ability to apply trends to architectural needs. Proven experience and understanding of architecture principles across infrastructure platforms, security, data, integration, and application layers. Experience working with containerization technologies (Kubernetes, Docker, etc) Experience being an administrator on a variety of Linux distributions. Experience with information security practices and procedures Strong working knowledge of VMware, KVM, Xen, Hyper-V, or other virtualization software Make them rave Be data driven Be one step ahead Be a change agent Do the right thing Make them rave Be data-driven Think one step ahead Drive purposeful impact Do the right thing 
ScrapedJobID397:
Experienced Support Engineer (tier 3-4)/Technical Account Manager/Pre Sales background from web/network/information - Security companies - Required Strong computer skills with an emphasis on Networking, TCP/IP, Firewalls and proxy servers - Required Great troubleshooting abilities and passion to dive into complicated technical problems in real production environments - Required Experience working with a Cloud, SaaS technology provider Familiarity with VPNs, IPSec, security protocols and standards Excellent oral and written communication skills with a passion for working with customers Ability to adapt and work efficiently in a rapidly changing dynamic environment with a willingness to manage multiple simultaneous projects Ability to work effectively and thrive in a fast paced environment Ability to work with a globally dispersed, cross cultural team Own and manage customer issues and see problems through to resolution, this will include troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve customer issues. Mentoring support engineers across the Cato Support Organization. Contribute to the ever-expanding Knowledge articles on an on-going bases Act as a customer advocate working directly with other Cato Departments, this includes engineering, CS/PS and Product Management on customer issues. Be a focal point for the customer’s need as part of the Standard and Designated Support Engineer programs, by deeply understanding their business and aligning their needs with Cato’s solution. Act as trusted advisor to all Cato Customers and as such gain a deep understanding of their business whilst aligning their needs with our solutions Track & monitor customer status and identify both areas of concern and growth opportunities Be a part of building, improving and expanding Cato’s Global Support Services Ensuring keep Cato values are kept by keeping a positive and “can-do” attitude. 
ScrapedJobID398:
Collaborate with other Infrastructure team members, Development and QA to maintain and execute the deployment strategy Participate in building and maintenance of a resilient, secure, and efficient SaaS application platforms Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response Monitor site stability and performance and troubleshoot site issues Scale infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demand Troubleshoot application integration issues with development teams Participate in on-call rotation Set up and maintain the cloud environment Design, implement and deploy complex AWS-based workloads from initial architecture and design through development, testing, and deployment Participate in architectural discussions & requirements gathering to ensure customer success on the AWS platform Fast learner Ability to adapt to new technologies An eye to improving efficiencies and a commitment to creative problem-solving skills Strong interpersonal and teaming skills - ability to set and enforce processes. Proactive and effective verbal and written communicator with technical and non-technical teammates Highly detailed oriented with strong time management and prioritization skills Works effectively with minimal supervision and under pressure with tight deadlines Ability to operate in an agile, entrepreneurial start-up environment Experience in 24x7 production operations, preferably supporting a highly available environment for a SaaS or cloud service provider Systems administration and configuration management automation expertise is a must Knowledge of cloud infrastructure environments (AWS). Preference to 5+ years hands-on experience of AWS cloud Windows and(or) Linux administration experience Release automation (CircleCI, Jenkins, Gitlab etc.) Experience using MS PowerShell and Linux Shell scripting languages for automation purposes Solid knowledge of DevOps Software Development Lifecycle and DevOps practices Strong understanding of system and networking concepts and troubleshooting techniques Kubernetes Experience with Rancher and CircleCi is an advantage 
ScrapedJobID399:
Collaborate with the project team from inception through the implementation of the project, influencing and advising to ensure that the SRE practices will be an intrinsic part of the project Work with application support team members to evaluate incident root causes and implement pro-active prevention measures where applicable Mentor other team members on good practices and problem resolution Implement process automation and KPI measurements, reporting these through dashboards Continuously learn and adapt to new technologies, infrastructure and frameworks to ensure our systems/processes follow market standards Be ready to work as the ultimate SME during incidents and support the team on resolution and root cause analysis Diploma in Information Technology or Application support 7 years of experience working as SRE/DevOps on a multi-channel digital application (web & mobile), ESB, API Integration in an enterprise environment. Prior SalesForce, MuleSoft, or banking application knowledge will be an asset Experience quantifying failure and availability of applications in a prescriptive manner using, SLAs and SLOs and recommend ways to reduce the cost of failure Proficient in development languages, such as C#, C++, Java, JavaScript Expert in scripting languages, such as Python, Bash, PowerShell Expert in Container and Container Management technologies Expert in Linux and Windows administration Expert in Networking, TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS Good understanding of Cloud (AWS, Azure) Expert with CI/CD tools such as GitHub, Maven, Jenkins Expert in Automation with a charter to automate all menial tasks away Demonstrated ability to communicate and work effectively with management, clients and peers, especially in stressful situations Excellent client management skills Maintains a high standard of professionalism within all forms of communication with excellent written and oral communication skills Demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively and work independently Exceptional attention to detail Methodical approach to troubleshooting complex problems Ability to effectively prioritize and manage multiple concurrent tasks Must approach problems with a high-energy positive attitude and look for the opportunities presented within challenges 
ScrapedJobID400:
Help define and own the processes that we will use to create and deploy our cloud product Be a leader, advocating the DevOps approach across multiple teams as we evolve to the cloud Collaborate with developers and test engineers, to support their efforts to build a supportable and testable product Work closely with our lab and cloud operations teams to define and implement what they’ll need to keep it all running Be a valued member of a self-managed, cross-functional team using Agile methods Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or equivalent work experience required 3 years of experience developing and/or deploying products across multiple releases Professional experience with cloud-based products Able to review, maintain, and help debug software in large code base that may span multiple languages Solid conceptual knowledge of containers and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) Familiarity with Jenkins, Artifactory, and SonarQube Experienced in deploying solutions in Azure or AWS Very comfortable with the intricacies of Linux servers, scripting and package management Able to make a great team even better and take ownership as needed Excellent verbal and written communication skills Interest and experience developing or maintaining build systems for large software applications in both Linux and Windows environments Familiarity with Perforce, Gradle, Ansible, Helm, Scaffold, Make Programming experience with Java, C++, Python, Bash Experience working with Splunk Experience working with architectures that scale Advocate of continuous integration, continuous delivery, test-driven development and test automation Conversant in networking concepts and protocols Experience on products employing machine learning Experience building products across different mobile platforms Personality traits relevant to NetMotion’s culture such as: a sense of humor, equanimity, and zeal A passion for technology beyond “just a job” You’ll get to collaborate with smart, passionate people who also just happen to have a great sense of humor You’ll be challenged, solving difficult problems that will make a meaningful difference to our customers across a variety of industries, including public safety, transportation, energy, and healthcare You’ll be encouraged to experiment with new technology including dogfooding our own products on the latest operating systems and mobile devices You’ll be supported and encouraged in your professional development You’ll receive a competitive benefits program, fitness allowance, commuter allowance, a Group RRSP plan You’ll benefit from our flexible work from home policy as well as our considerate vacation/holiday/sick-day allowances You’ll be an important and valued contributor in a small company, joining a world class team in downtown Victoria 
ScrapedJobID401:
Java, C#, Rust experience Understanding of Agile Scrum Experience of working in a CI/CD environment (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery). Working with large distributed agile teams. Understanding of object oriented coding and design, SOLID principles Willingness to learn and interest in the above mentioned technologies. Java, C#, Rust Compréhension de Scrum Agile Expérience de travail dans un environnement CI/CD (intégration continue/prestation continue). Travailler avec de grandes équipes agiles distribuées. Compréhension du codage et de la conception orientés objet, principes SOLID Volonté d’apprendre et intérêt pour les technologies susmentionnées. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Telecommunications, Electronics or similar Practical knowledge of C++/C#/Java development ecosystem. 0+ years of experience in Software Development. Baccalauréat en informatique, technologies de l'information, mathématiques, télécommunications, électronique ou c onnaissance pratique de l’écosystème de développement C++/C#/Java. 0+ ans d’expérience dans le développement de logiciels. 
ScrapedJobID402:
Designing, building, and maintaining our computer vision algorithms, software, and infrastructure Working with in-house agent behavior prediction product developers on core product functionality Working with in-house machine learning backend developers on core product functionality Contributing to the growth and success of Inverted AI in any way required Thinking creatively and critically A love for and knowledge of driving, computer vision, machine learning, and artificial intelligence Strong experience in Python, PyTorch, and/or other ML languages and frameworks Strong experience with SLURM, MPI, and other cluster-management systems Strong experience with Amazon and/or Google cloud ML pipeline infrastructure Evidence of sustained professional software development practice, etc. Ability to collaborate with diverse team members including machine learning researchers MS+ in Computer Science desired; BS plus 5+ years experience and visible github portfolio would be considered Highly driven and extremely motivated to learn and work well within a small team environment Highly collaborative, very fast-paced, not-boring work environment with access to world-class machine learning talent. Salary between $60,000-$90,000, relative to skills and experience; equity compensation available for highly qualified candidates Casual dress Flexible schedule Bachelor's Degree (required) Machine Learning: 3 years (preferred) PyTorch: 3 years (preferred) Python: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID403:
Collaborate with local and global technology teams, artists and productions to maintain and develop efficient systems and services Participate in day to day operations and support tasks in the local studio Provide mentoring and assistance for IT and other support teams Serve as knowledge resource for systems and services used at ILM Proactively drive resolution of high level technical incidents and issues Monitor and maintain the health of core systems, services and resources Optimise and update existing systems and services, with an emphasis on security and reliability Create new systems and services Lead technical projects from initial concept to completion Communicate with others to determine technical requirements and disseminate information regarding project status Exercise independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining a goal Expected to lead discussions surrounding future systems and services roadmaps and initiatives Manage the evaluation and development of emerging technology Maintain working relationships with vendors, integrators, and service contractors Maintain systems engineering standards and practices, with relevant documentation Participate in regular status and planning meetings Degree in Computing Science, or equivalent professional experience 6-10 years experience of systems engineering in complex heterogeneous environments Experience initiating projects, driving them, and reporting back on the results to key stakeholders Experience mentoring others in company procedures A positive, “can-do” attitude but not be afraid to ask for help when getting outside experience base or comfort zone A clear and concise communicator with ability to keep both end users and managers informed on progress and requests An effective listener, able to engage with technical and non-technical audiences to discover what their requirements are An effective time manager: Must be able to prioritize a multitude of requests and not be afraid to ask for help if the path isn’t clear Passionate about delivering rigorous follow-through on assigned tasks An agile, flexible and quick thinker: This is an energetic, dynamic environment requiring an ability to adapt to rapidly changing requirements A creative thinker and innovator: Able to devise and employ ingenious solutions to difficult problems A passionate and charismatic personality: Ability to inspire and motivate Expert knowledge of Linux including maintaining, trouble-shooting and optimising Linux-based server and desktop infrastructure Advanced knowledge of Bash, Python or other scripting or programming language Advanced knowledge of deploying and managing high-performance storage, network, render and server infrastructure Advanced knowledge of automating desktop and server deployments and configurations Advanced knowledge of deploying and managing virtual server and desktop infrastructure Advanced knowledge of deploying and managing cloud-based services and infrastructure Nice to have:
Experience creating and supporting distributed, scalable systems and services that are fault tolerant and reliable
Experience with media and film systems and technologies including virtual production
Experience with hardware and software used in high-end visual effects image and graphics pipelines
Experience working with remote desktop and streaming solutions Experience creating and supporting distributed, scalable systems and services that are fault tolerant and reliable Experience with media and film systems and technologies including virtual production Experience with hardware and software used in high-end visual effects image and graphics pipelines Experience working with remote desktop and streaming solutions 
ScrapedJobID404:
You have a good understanding of automation concepts. You have a strong drive to improve and optimize workflows and toolings. You are a strong proponent of DevOps culture and continuous improvement You are a self-motivated person who will work closely with business, development, and other stakeholders. You have a strong focus on business outcomes and delivering value You have a strong sense of ownership and accountability Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience in DevOps engineering 5+ years of professional experience as a DevOps engineer 3+ years of professional experience building and maintaining cloud infrastructure (Preferably GCP) Experience with containerization Kubernetes/Docker Experience with automation technologies such as Ansible, Jenkins, Terraform, Github Actions, and others. Experience with SQL Databases A solid foundation of networking, security, and Linux administration. Python & Bash scripting skills 
ScrapedJobID405:
Cisco UCS, Cisco ACI, Cisco Hyperflex, Cisco Nexus Juniper QFX \ Extreme SLX VXLAN EVPN Nutanix vSphere (ESXi and vCenter) Hyper-V Veeam Azure and/or other Cloud environments NetApp Storage Arrays Microsoft AD and Server technologies Routing and Switching – Service Provider and Enterprise Perimeter Security and Identity Based Access Control Wireless Unified Communications Management, Orchestration & Automation Attend team huddles and be an active participant team planning activities. Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support. Use provided workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identify areas to create, improve and maintain Charter intellectual property in the form of configuration templates, testing guides and other tools that assist in allowing Charter to be efficient and support with high quality. Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team (pre-sales, architecture, project delivery) to bring your skills to bear where and when they are required. Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services. Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices. Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies. Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Engage deeply within the Charter company as a whole, becoming active in the company community and culture. Attend company town halls and events, focused on bringing people together and aligning to a single vision. Participate actively when appropriate. Use available social and collaboration tools to engage broadly with the company in a positive and constructive manner. Provide mentorship to others in areas of subject matter expertise and personal growth and management. Recognize Charter company values and strive to apply them to your position and personal relationship with individuals and the company itself. Explore and seize opportunities for growth that benefit both yourself and Charter, aligning with the overall vision. Engage strongly in professional development activities with your mentors, reporting manager and HR to ensure growth, fulfillment and overall success for all parties. 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies. Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset. Demonstrated ability to obtain and hold industry certifications such as CCNA or CCNP. Current certifications are not mandatory, but it is expected the candidate will obtain what is necessary as part of professional development. Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills, and able to read and write in English in a professional manner. Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio. Strong interpersonal skills; proven team player with ability to deliver outstanding product/service and build relationships with clients. Self-motivated; demonstrated ability to take initiative, effectively prioritize tasks and accomplish goals with minimal supervision. Authorized to work in Canada. Overtime as required Part of on-call rotation Minimal Travel – Less than 10% Comprehensive benefits package with profit sharing Paid Sick Time Leave 
ScrapedJobID406:
Cisco UCS, Cisco ACI, Cisco Hyperflex, Cisco Nexus Juniper QFX \ Extreme SLX VXLAN EVPN Nutanix vSphere (ESXi and vCenter) Hyper-V Veeam Azure and/or other Cloud environments NetApp Storage Arrays Microsoft AD and Server technologies Routing and Switching – Service Provider and Enterprise Perimeter Security and Identity Based Access Control Wireless Unified Communications Management, Orchestration & Automation Attend team huddles and be an active participant team planning activities. Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support. Use provided workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identify areas to create, improve and maintain Charter intellectual property in the form of configuration templates, testing guides and other tools that assist in allowing Charter to be efficient and support with high quality. Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team (pre-sales, architecture, project delivery) to bring your skills to bear where and when they are required. Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services. Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices. Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies. Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Engage deeply within the Charter company as a whole, becoming active in the company community and culture. Attend company town halls and events, focused on bringing people together and aligning to a single vision. Participate actively when appropriate. Use available social and collaboration tools to engage broadly with the company in a positive and constructive manner. Provide mentorship to others in areas of subject matter expertise and personal growth and management. Recognize Charter company values and strive to apply them to your position and personal relationship with individuals and the company itself. Explore and seize opportunities for growth that benefit both yourself and Charter, aligning with the overall vision. Engage strongly in professional development activities with your mentors, reporting manager and HR to ensure growth, fulfillment and overall success for all parties. 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies. Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset. Demonstrated ability to obtain and hold industry certifications such as CCNA or CCNP. Current certifications are not mandatory, but it is expected the candidate will obtain what is necessary as part of professional development. Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills, and able to read and write in English in a professional manner. Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio. Strong interpersonal skills; proven team player with ability to deliver outstanding product/service and build relationships with clients. Self-motivated; demonstrated ability to take initiative, effectively prioritize tasks and accomplish goals with minimal supervision. Authorized to work in Canada. Overtime as required Part of on-call rotation Minimal Travel – Less than 10% Comprehensive benefits package with profit sharing Paid Sick Time Leave 
ScrapedJobID407:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID408:
Plan, analyze, design, and deploy enterprise scale Cloud infrastructure & Application delivery solutions Review and manage technical requirements and business functional requirements for establishing new Azure/AWS platforms Provide input to improve scalability and reliability of infrastructure & Application delivery to our clients Design, build and support advanced cloud automation workflows and tools used to support automated CI/CD pipeline application deployments 2+ years implementing and administrating DevOps organizations, pipelines, etc. 3+ years experience in Serverless (Lambda or Azure Function) architecture using either Python or Node JS Good understanding of Cloud Networking VPC, security groups, HA/DR, ALB vs ELB, CDN Experience using some of the following tools: AWS Code Commit, Cloud Formation, Terraform, CodeDeploy, Ansible (must) 3+ years experience with infrastructure automation tools (Terraform, Kubernetes, Ansible, etc) Knowledgeable with internet architectures, including web, application, and database components Knowledge of infrastructure automation, configuration management, developer workflows and practices Strong practical Linux and Windows-based systems administration skills in a Cloud or Virtualized environment preferred Knowledge of modern technology service architectural hosting, security, and risk management concerns such as IAM, access control, monitoring, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS, and containers Passion. You exude round the clock enthusiasm for your field of expertise. Versatility. You're really deep in a few areas, but capable across a much wider range. Communicator. You can confidently converse with clients in their own language. Problem Solver. You can figure out a solution to any problem that comes your way. Pragmatism. You can separate what must be done now and what can be improved later. Team Player. You help others, ask for input and share ideas all in the name of teamwork. 
ScrapedJobID409:
Work with a creative engineering team to architect, implement and build deployment solutions while being mindful of reliability, maintainability, scalability Implement suitable solutions for new and existing products that align with Industrious' overall systems architecture and data strategy while minimizing impact on Industrious' members and employees Work with Github actions or other build tools in a CI/CD process to build and deploy to our AWS cloud environment Monitor our environments(Elastic Beanstalk, EC2, S3) and act preemptively to prevent system failures and outages Maintain, update acl's, vpc environments, to keep our systems secure Schedule and perform system maintenance, software upgrades on a regular basis Future-proof proposed solutions by anticipating needs and implementing them with growth in mind Contribute to the culture of our team Collaborate zealously. You are eager about improving your craft, but also about sharing your findings with your teammates. Sweat the details, making sure nothing is missed Are just as enthusiastic about working with a new deployment architecture as with maintaining existing processes Enjoy working with cloud based infrastructure, AWS preferred, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Enjoy CI/CD tool configuration, Github Actions preferred, Codepipeline, Terraform, CircleCI, Jenkins Enjoy scripting, Bash, Python, or other scripting language Have an understanding of server architecture, DNS, ipv4/ipv6, acl Enjoy evaluating a variety of requirements, proposing from an equally varied set of potential solutions Have an experienced relationship with deployment tools and understand how they work, not just the configurations that will work Love the sight of clean, consistent, builds and deploys Are excited to innovate and understand the balance between trying something new and doing something tried Ask thoughtful questions, aren't afraid to fail, and constantly seek to be better Health care, including vision and dental Learning & development grant 401K plan Generous vacation time Paid parental leave Team activities and annual company-wide offsite CBRE Acquires 35% Stake in Flexible Workspace Firm Industrious The Continued Rise of Offices in a Virtual World: Industrious Flex-Office Provider Industrious Expands As Industry Contracts Future of Flex: How Employee Choice Could Change Offices for Good As Other Co-Working Spaces Struggle, Startup Industrious Stokes a Growing Niche 
ScrapedJobID410:
MUST qualify for Top Secret Security Clearance (Canadian Citizen with 10 years verifiable residence) Proficient with Azure Skilled in Java, C# and C++ Experience as a Cloud Engineer designing Cloud Architecture Hands-on experience working on Databases Skilled in working with public or private cloud technologies Experience with our Tech Stack:
Languages: Ruby, python or JavaScript
Database: SQL
OS: Windows, Linux, Microservices (Kubernetes), Azure Languages: Ruby, python or JavaScript Database: SQL OS: Windows, Linux, Microservices (Kubernetes), Azure Proficient working in an Agile environment Team player with experience working in a diverse/international team 
ScrapedJobID411:
Administration, configuration and maintenance of the application stack (Spring Boot, Database, K8S cluster, etc.) for customer on SAP C4C Cloud platform in public cloud Developing, managing and maintaining the SAP C4C Cloud automation platform to ensure all deployments and upgrades of relevant applications are performed smoothly Ensuring a sustainable high quality of services for customer C4C sites though proactive monitoring, planning and automation initiatives Troubleshooting and orientating resolutions to complex technical problems across multiple tiers Planning, reviewing and executing continuous system changes and improvements Developing and maintaining technical documentation in a highly readable manner In-depth application bottleneck diagnosis and platform performance tuning using APM and Database tools Acting as an escalation point for all technical issues related to the platform during the on-call shift Minimum of bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (preferably Computer Science or related disciplines), or equivalent combination of education and experience 0-3 years direct experience in a similar role with cloud-oriented mentality Understanding of Microservices Architecture, Cloud Native Application and implementation best practices Understanding one or more of these technologies or areas: Kubernetes, Istio, API Gateway, HANA Cloud, MongoDB, Kafka, ElasticSearch. Knowledge of large-scale cloud-base application deployments across high availability cloud (public and/or private) infrastructure Highly skilled in CI/CD tools (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, Rundeck) and scripting (e.g. Python, Shell) Knowledge of RDBMS, such as SAP HANA, MSSQL and MySQL Highly customer-focused attitude, with natural ability to engage with customers and manage stakeholders Profound experience working in managed services or a cloud-based service provider like Azure or GCP Ability to multitask and prioritize tasks even under stressful conditions Professional efficiency in English (both verbal and written) Availability to on-occasion flexible working hours, as well as occasional participation in off-hour on-call support rotations AWS, Azure, GCP, AliCloud public cloud solutions Experience in C4C framework Web/Mobile application and software developing experience Understanding of JVM optimization, tuning and debugging VMWare stack for private cloud: Hypervisor, NSX and vCenter Application performance tuning and APM tools such as Dynatrace Database performance tuning for SAP HANA and/or MSSQL ITIL Certification(s) Scrum Certification(s) Experience in project management 
ScrapedJobID412:
Assist in reproducing issues and work with internal teams to provide resolutions/knowledge transfers Running real-time troubleshooting sessions with partners/customers Assist with managing customer expectations and resolution of technical issues Working on escalations from Level 2 technical support team and engage with Product Management and Development Technical contact person for the team for any product related questions Assisting the team with any technical and process related topics Develop, maintain and teach troubleshooting skills on Sophos Network Security products and technical knowledge Develop and improve new or existing processes and workflows Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent experience 3+ years of support and networking experience Experience escalating technical customer issues Strong knowledge of networking concepts and ability to troubleshoot complex networking issues across multiple OSI layers In-depth understanding of TCP/IP and network security (SSL/TLS, VPN, Firewall) Knowledge of protocols such as HTTP, SMTP, FTP, DNS Experienced in managing and troubleshooting Linux or Unix based operating systems Network troubleshooting experience - Familiarity with tools such as Ping, Traceroute and Network Protocol Analyzers such as tcpdump, Wireshark Very strong verbal and written communication skills (English) Positive, communicative and customer-oriented attitude Ability to work in a multicultural team environment Sophos Experience is a plus Familiar with dynamic routing protocols and its implementation (OSPF, BGP) Good knowledge of authentication protocols and methods (LDAP, Kerberos) Knowledge of database maintenance and SQL Experience in a similar technical lead role Having any of industry certificates (CISSP, CCNP, CCSP, CCNA ...) Master Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science preferred Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID413:
Have experience using, designing, and supporting software platforms. Enjoy solving complex problems requiring tight collaboration with other teams. Operate as a generalist, working across many different technical domains, picking up skills as need. Have a passion for enabling people to do their best work and a laser-focus on the end-user experience. Have designed developer tools on web pages, command lines, and/or APIs. Have a good understanding of Kubernetes and/or other Cloud Native technologies. LOCATIONS: San Francisco, CA Austin, TX Seattle, WA VANCOUVER, BC - CANADA 
ScrapedJobID414:
Provide exemplary pre-sales technical expertise through technical and product presentations, demonstrations, pilot implementations, and ongoing sales consultation Drive the adoption of Voxco solutions within strategic accounts, rapidly growing usage across departments within the enterprise. Translate product/technical features into value drivers. Develop and maintain training materials and deliver training to improve product knowledge and demo abilities of both inside and enterprise salespeople. Build working knowledge of contending products and how to technically sell against them Work collaboratively with Product Management, Marketing and Engineering during the development, launch and continuing refinement of existing and new Voxco products Respond to initial product requests and frame product issues for discussion and resolution with Product and Technical teams Develop/maintain technical and business knowledge of industry directions and trends Bachelor's degree in a relevant field (E.g. Marketing, Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics) Minimum of 5 years of prior Sales/Systems Engineering, or Solution Architect experience with software in a SaaS/Cloud environment, selling to C/VP level buyers High energy, self-starter comfortable with ambiguity in entrepreneurial environments Extraordinary professional, sales, and technical capabilities; comfortable supporting both enterprise (field) and inside sales teams on targeted accounts Ability to explain and resolve common technical aspects of SaaS software, including security, protocols for APIs, SLAs, email/communication specifications, etc. Ability to see and present 'the big picture', architect solutions to solve customer problems, and uncover business challenges and develop custom solutions Strong customer facing and relationship building skills Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills (needs analysis, positioning, business justification, and closing techniques) Possess relevant functional sales experience that could be applied across an entire sales area in general or specific functional categories Strong leadership and ability to lead, encouraging both individual and team accomplishments Ability to learn new technologies This role could be 100% remotely Remote work is completely fine and our client is pride on being a close knit group that works together to make Voxco a great place to spend your day. A bit about the work environment: Montreal downtown, close to Guy-Concordia station Full range of health benefits Dining room and a game room Healthy snacks, complimentary weekly group lunches Dynamic and stimulating international work environment Group activities (e.g. Yoga) Group RRSP program Extended Health Care 
ScrapedJobID415:
LINUX ENGINEERING- Design, build, automate and support server and OS configuration with Red Hat Linux and Oracle Solaris; Certify OS image and evaluate new OS capabilities; define patch and currency strategy for OS; evaluate Standards and Security requirements for hardened server configuration; Provide 3rd level support for OS support. Assist Operational partners with custom implementations and procedures to run the environment. Leadership & Communication- Provide technical leadership to drive solutions and automation. Collaborate with senior leaders across the company and make informed recommendations to enhance supported systems. Weigh business needs against security concerns, cost and technical limitations, thereby allowing the Lines of Business to make informed risk decisions. You can demonstrate strong experience in Ansible and automation. You can demonstrate strong experience in scripting (bash / shell script) You can demonstrate strong experience in OS patching strategies You can demonstrate strong knowledge in RHEL 7 on clustered environment (RHEL cluster / Veritas) You have strong knowledge of secure practices and a security oriented approach You have a good understanding of virtualization technologies (vmware tools) You have experience or a strong knowledge on Agile framework. You have strong knowledge of system administration, with minimum 5 years of experience as an Engineer or similar role. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, Engineering or related field. It’s a huge asset if you have Red Hat certifications. You act like an owner. You thrive when you're empowered to take the lead, go above and beyond, and deliver results. You’re digitally savvy . You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect: Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning, and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID416:
Candidate will be the technical lead of a team of cloud engineers who will develop standardized tools for TR as internal businesses accelerate their migration to the AWS public cloud. Candidate will work closely with the Cloud Center of Excellence (CCoE), adopting strategies and common standard across the TR cloud implementation. Collaborate with developers and other internal groups to identify, prioritize and develop service reliability and manageability improvements. Candidate will lead Production Readiness Review (PRR) meetings with the product teams, as a pre-requisite for deployments to the production environment. Continually evolve deployment methods and processes to effectively deliver products in various environments including Production, SAT, QA and Development. Design and document systems, including writing and reviewing code, to automate routine issues and minimize manual tasks. Collaborate deeply with a cross functional team of Software Architects and Engineers, Quality Engineers, Engineering management and Site Reliability Engineers BS in Computer Science or equivalent with minimum of 7 years of relevant work experience in DevOps. Minimum of 4 years operating production SaaS offering on at least one of the following cloud platforms: AWS, Azure, OpenStack, CloudFoundry or other. Experience with infrastructure automation, infrastructure as code, automated application deployment Experience with automation/configuration management tools: Puppet, Chef, Ansible, or Salt Experience with Docker, Mesos, and/or Kubernetes in production workloads Experience with Continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins, Bamboo, etc. Experience with programming and scripting languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, Bash, Javascript or similar languages Excellent written and verbal skills Ability to identify and understand complex issues and develop effective solutions Ability to handle multiple tasks, prioritize and meet deadlines Passion for customer success via deep desire to exceed expectations and Service Level Agreements Certifications in AWS preferred. Participate in and occasionally contribute to the work involving the Cloud Capabilities Engineering (CCNg) team and other cloud teams within TR. Contribute to internal technical discussions, peer reviews, interview panel etc. Contribute content via blogs and technical article postings on the internal blogosphere. Hybrid Work Model: Currently, as part of our COVID-19 response, our employees are working remotely and following local COVID-19 bylaws and guidelines with the majority of our offices planning to remain remote throughout 2021. Upon return, we will embrace a hybrid work environment consisting of in-office and remote work. Culture: Globally recognized and award-winning reputation for equality, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, work-life balance, and more. Wellbeing: Comprehensive benefit plans; company-wide Mental Health Day Off; Headspace app subscription; retirement, savings, tuition reimbursement, and employee incentive programs; resources for mental, physical, and financial wellbeing. Learning & Development: LinkedIn Learning access; internal Talent Marketplace with opportunities to work on projects cross-company; Ten Thousand Coffees Thomson Reuters café networking. Social Impact: Eight employee-driven Business Resource Groups; two paid volunteer days annually; Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives for local and global impact. 
ScrapedJobID417:
Design processes and tools to manage multiple AWS accounts for internal development and external customer releases. Implement policies, procedures, and tooling to ensure the security of all internal and external systems. Setup, customize and maintain the production environment infrastructure and automation. Oversee and troubleshoot rollover of the test system to the production system. Troubleshoot production issues and coordinate with customers and the development team to streamline code deployment and issue resolution. Plan, develop, document, and implement infrastructure architectural changes. Document problems and communicate with the teams regarding support tickets with our internal ticketing system, Jira. Monitor metrics and find ways to improve processes and development velocity. Education: You hold a bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent experience DevOps philosophy: A solid understanding of DevOps principles and culture. Interpersonal skills: Excellent communication skills– written, verbal and non-verbal. You’re considerate and have the ability to develop cooperative relationships with your team members. Coding: Experience programming in Python or similar languages. Head in the cloud: Extensive experience with Amazon’s AWS cloud environment and services such as Batch, EC2, CloudFormation, and CloudWatch. Tech savvy: Prior experience working with virtualization technologies, including virtual machines and containers. Linux: Know all about configuration, administration, optimization and monitoring of Linux, including shell scripting. Monitoring: Prior experience setting up and maintaining metrics and monitoring infrastructure, e.g. ELK stack or similar. Config automation: Expertise tracking configuration and deployments using GitHub, Jenkins, and Ansible. Databases & networks: Experience with administering SQL databases and a solid understanding of networks and networking concepts. Sharp with software tools: Solid understanding of Jira, and IT support ticketing management systems. Quality: Enjoy creating clear and concise technical documentation and SOPs. Attention to detail: Thorough and accurate Organizational skills: Ability to organize, meet deadlines in a fast paced, changing environment. Team-focused: Valuing team success and have the ability to liaise with multiple stakeholders. 
ScrapedJobID418:
3+ years of experience as a Data Engineer or in a similar role Experience with data modeling, data warehousing, and building ETL pipelines Experience in SQL 3+ years of experience as a Data Engineer, BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst in a company with large, complex data sources. Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets Experience working with AWS big data technologies (EMR, Redshift, S3) Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing Proven success in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe data modeling decisions and data engineering strategy Experience providing technical leadership and mentoring other engineers for best practices on data engineering Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with sharp analytical abilities and design skills 
ScrapedJobID419:
Analyzing requirement, designing, writing clean code, testing, and Investigating and troubleshooting issues in existing as well as in new code Producing technical/design documents and supporting the user assistance Adopting agile software engineering practices like TDD (Test-Driven Working in close collaboration with all team members as well as cross- Master’s or bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Overall 5+ years of hands-on Java /Spring development experience Strong expertise in writing code and unit tests using frameworks such Experience writing code that integrates with advanced asynchronous Experience using build and CI/CD tools such as Maven, Jenkins etc. Experience in writing queries for relational and NoSQL databases. Familiarity with cloud vendors (AWS, GCP, or Azure) and their offered Experience with SAP technologies e.g. SAP S/4HANA, SAP BTP preferred 
ScrapedJobID420:
Assess current business infrastructure and develop migration roadmap for the cloud. Work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. Make recommendation to optimize business processes and applications with public, private and hybrid cloud infrastructure. Work closely with the Enterprise Cloud Architect to define high level design cloud solution. Support preliminary cost assessment and business case for moving workloads to cloud. Develop Low Level Design Architecture documents jointly with Enterprise Cloud Architect Translate Architectural requirements and deploy, administer & operate scalable, Highly Available and Fault Tolerant systems which includes the compute, data, security and network requirements. Apply DevOps and continuous integration / continuous deployment best practices to allow speed and fast scaling of the cloud business. Provision cloud services with high level of automation for reuse and scalability. Manage configuration of cloud workload if required. Monitor cloud workload efficiency and adjust solution design to optimize performance, stability and cost without compromising security. Ensure security of the data in the cloud and implement best practices throughout the process Communicate progress to Enterprise Cloud Architect and work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. You have Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology. You have 10 years of software development experience, working with a variety of programming languages such as .Net, Java, Node.JS, C++, and Python. You have min 5 years’ experience in Azure cloud migration and operational management, tools and frameworks You have experience of multiple projects deployed with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) You have 3-5 years of Azure Solution Architecture and Development You have 2-3 years of DevOps Implementation and Operations You have At least two Microsoft Azure certification from the list below (equivalent certification on AWS would be considered)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect,
Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator, Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect, Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert, Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer You have sound knowledge of various Azure services including Express Route, VPN Gateways, Azure Firewall, API Manager, Application Gateway, Load balancer, AD, Logic Apps, Azure Monitor and App insights. You have sound knowledge on cloud deployment model - IaaS, PaaS and SaaS as well as hybrid cloud. You must have experience gathering requirements, analysis and documentation You have experience with AIX, Linux and Wintel workload migration to cloud You have experience deploying infrastructure as code and highly automated cloud provisioning environment (Terraform, Azure Resource Manager, Puppet, Chef) You have experience of at least 20 projects (workload) deployed and supported on a public cloud You have good understanding of cloud security principles You have experience delivering project following Agile methodology / Scrum You have ITIL 3 or ITIL 4 certification You must have experience with handling customer and other third-party vendors effectively. You must have problem solving ability to provide solutions to complex and new business problems. You have the ability to generate innovative ideas and apply them in implementing solutions. You must be flexible and adaptable towards changing organizational needs. You must excellent communication and inter-personal skills 
ScrapedJobID421:
Own the quality of DevOps architecture and design Lead and contribute to the overall system vision alongside other technical leads Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straight-forward solutions Fully and completely understand system inter-dependencies and limitations Assist in the career development of others, actively mentoring Developers and DevOps Engineers on advanced technical issues Exert technical influence over the development team, increasing their productivity and effectiveness by sharing your deep knowledge and experience Serve as a thought leader and SME for DevOps industry trends, new and existing technology offerings, and architectural concepts Work with cloud vendors and liasse with managed service providers for optimal cloud environment health/performace. Monitoring, tickets, escalations SLA adherence. Extensive experience in software development or application engineering in languages such as Python, Ruby, Go, Swift, Java, .Net, C++ or similar object-oriented language Experience architecting, designing and developing applications on the AWS platform Experience with architecting and automating cloud native technologies, deploying applications, and provisioning infrastructure Experience with Infrastructure as Code, using CloudFormation, Terraform, or other tools Experience architecting cloud native CI/CD workflows and tools, such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity, Code Deploy (AWS) and/or GitLab Experience architecting highly available systems that utilize load balancing and horizontal scalability Architectural leadership experience with microservices and distributed applications, such as containers, Kubernetes, and/or serverless technology Experience with the full software development lifecycle and delivery using Agile practices Experince with 3rd party vendors / managed service providers that run AWS cloud environments, monitoring, ticketing, escallations, cost management, deployments, upgrades and maintenance. Outstanding communication, facilitation, negotiation, and coaching skills Strong team spirit, flexibility, problem solving and time management skills Computer Science, Engineering background or relevant diploma AWS certifications a plus Competitive salary depending on experience Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Three weeks’ vacation, five personal days, six sick days Be part of a great office culture that encourages a positive environment Flexible work from home policy 
ScrapedJobID422:
Monday to Friday Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (required) SQL: 4 years (required) Python: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID423:
an award-winning startup funded by prominent VCs a successful graduate of 500 Startups, the Creative Destruction Lab and Dreamit Health a TechCrunch Disrupt Top Pick for cybersecurity one of Canada's Top 20 early-stage technology companies by CIX named one of the Top startups disrupting healthcare in Canada by PwC and CB Insights Full-Stack and Front-End web development skill integrating modern UX frameworks Basic design, screen planning, framework integration, development, API integration and system testing Familiarity with configuring and deployment on public cloud Open-source software stacks and tools: (React, JavaScript, and a familiarity with Ruby and Go back-end is valuable but not critical) 3+ years professional software coding experience building B2B workflow UX in web apps Quotable examples of projects with a focus on technical user workflows and systems Experience in and love of working in a flat startup environment with independent responsibility and ownership Comfort in using a range of digital tools to communicate problems, and solutions to your teammates, fostering remote-first working relationships Deep appreciation for diversity of perspectives and background in collaborating on technical challenges A portfolio of interests and achievements / pursuits outside of work Design and develop interfaces that balance simplicity of workflow for Developer and Founder-persona users with power and professionalism Conceive of and integrate the full experience atop our back-end platform that manages security, compliance and deployment of infrastructure elements Contribute to sprint planning sessions, code reviews, branch management, research spikes and project estimating, often via remote / virtual meetings Work closely with the Product Manager, Design personnel, Tech Lead and others to ensure smooth planning and transition from requirements to research to product development to testing to deployment Train and be trained by other team members on technologies and processes, driving education and knowledge transfer of design patterns, technical practices, and relevant technologies and tools Support the investigation and adoption of new UX and development practices and technologies, creating opportunities for improvement and actively participating in discussions and initiatives to improve our technical practices and competitive position Outside of product work, contribute to team learning via Dev Hour sessions and weekly Demo Hour celebrations a deeply-rooted product-centric culture independent ownership and technical collaborative problem-solving data-driven lowest-level decision making the power of diverse perspectives carefully-curated processes that enable creativity and efficiency business problem-driven sprints learning-focused dev hours demo hours and town halls that integrate everyone company-wide are a remote-first company, with supporting tools and processes are not hierarchical empower our team members with distinct responsibilities and self-direction have high standards for professionalism are mission-driven, by the importance of our work in servicing the social benefit that results from our customers’ successes drive a culture of facts-first and entrepreneurship vs the status quo have stringent and bold objectives on diversity and inclusion meet virtually as a team weekly for a rousing celebration of wins and learning gather in quarterly Town Halls for alignment on objectives and vision flexible work hours a generous vacation policy health and dental benefits, from day 1 parental leave benefits with bonus top-up a company stock ownership option plan, vesting from day 1 bi-weekly paid-for team lunches company retreats and seasonal celebrations learning, skills training and industry conference opportunities a company-funded book budget company-supplied top-end Mac laptop a home office equipment budget contribution through the company’s ongoing success to philanthropy such as Upside Foundation 
ScrapedJobID424:
Design and maintain AWS, Azure and GCP infrastructure. Work with technologies such as Ansible, Terraform, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins and GitHub Actions. Write scripts in Python and bash, automating tasks such as checking AWS security group rules or running database backups. Collaborate with stakeholders (Product & Engineering, Architecture, CX, etc) to plan features and improvements to the platform. Hands-on expertise. You have a strong automation mindset combined with 3-4 years hands-on professional development and DevOps experience. You have insights and opinions on the best tools, approaches and techniques to implement. You should have experience troubleshooting clients' technical issues and working with engineering teams, sales, services, and customers The desire to learn. You can quickly adopt new technologies and adapt to change. You are interested in expanding your skills in cloud deployment for enterprise clients. You want to learn and grow Communication skills. You can effectively translate technical to non-technical and you can differentiate between need and requirement, ideal and doable. You know how to listen and be a contributing team member. You have outstanding verbal, written and interpersonal skills Creativity and adaptability. You can adapt quickly, innovate solutions and embrace the new while accepting the ambiguous. You want to be part of a company that is pivoting, a collaborative place where your voice will be heard People leadership: You will lead and mentor junior/intermediate team members and ensure they adhere to determined software quality standards. Join a team of bright, humble and diverse individuals that value and support continued learning and skill development. Make an impact at a product-led organization that is simplifying the lives of real people and solving problems our society has faced for generations. It's a chance to make meaningful contributions and expand your career at a growing company. Enjoy our company-wide Friday socials, team building events and lively Slack channels to get to know your teammates both as coworkers as well as individuals. Be supported by a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision plans for you and your family, EAP program and parental leave top-up and more. Find work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid vacation and flex days. Enjoy working from the comfort of your home and create an ergonomic, productive and fulfilling home office. A generous budget for essential equipment will be offered during on-boarding to set you up for success! Application reviewed by a human (please note that this process takes time as our approach is truly intentional and inclusive) Phone Screen with a Talent Acquisition Specialist Remote Interview with Principal DevOps Engineer and Director, Technical Operations Remote Interview with Team Members Remote Interview with CTO 
ScrapedJobID425:
Engage with clients to develop a keen understanding of their goals, strategies and technical needs Work closely with clients to understand their system architecture and scope out technical requirements to build conversational AI experience Build prototypes of the proposed technical solutions & API integrations with backend systems Provide technical support to our internal optimization team to implement complicated transactional use cases for VA Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to deliver technical solutions Drive best practices, architectural assessments, and work breakdown with client services team Lead technical sessions with client, becoming a trusted advisor to decision makers and stakeholders while demonstrating mastery of the technical domain University degree in a technical or mathematical discipline (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering) or equivalent experience 3+ year of Experience in client facing roles such as SaaS services or consulting roles, leading a client facing delivery to exceed client expectation and deliver on-time Strong technical experience in professional services and a proven track record of successfully delivering projects Good knowledge of modern Web frameworks, RESTful services and Microservices architecture Experience in documenting detailed call flows Experience working on enterprise deployments involving multiple vendors Excellent client-facing communication skills Knowledge of Azure and google cloud services Experience in end-to-end deployment of chatbot built on Microsoft Bot Framework will be a great asset 
ScrapedJobID426:
Partner, build relationships and become a trusted advisor to Appnovation's customers, business development team, client services leadership teams and senior leadership Coordinate with Product Owners, Business Analysts and Data Scientists to identify future needs and requirements Contribute to growth by actively contributing to new business activity, statement of work (scope, deliverables and effort estimations) and project delivery Audit new and existing implementations, identify gaps and recommend improvements Articulate and advocate industry and department best practices Design and implement effective data models and database solutions in order to collect, move, store/retrieve and prepare/transform the data Examine and identify database structural necessities by evaluating client operations, applications and programming. Design conceptual and logical data models Prepare accurate database design and architecture artifacts Oversee the data migration process for different clients as required. Establish and monitor data architecture standards, patterns and practices, through collaboration with other Architects to align proposed solutions Provide technical expertise to senior leaders to enable the design and implementation of a managed Data Architecture that supports business needs Plan and manage multiple concurrent client projects through client acceptance based on client and/or Appnovation delivery methodologies Implement and adherence to Appnovation's (and client where applicable) technology standards, patterns and practices to ensure the highest degree of software quality Stay current with technology and industry best practices to ensure that skill set/knowledge base remains broad and current Create knowledge base articles for marketing, case studies, whitepapers and to share experiences with broader Appnovation team Ensure technology standards, patterns and practices are understood and implemented by all teams and partners Support and advocate for ongoing internal knowledge capture and sharing Educate staff members through ongoing training and individual support Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, business (ideally marketing focus) or equivalent (Masters or MBA preferred) 5+ years of related professional experience, including SQL development, strong DBMS skills, working with big data sets and integration tools 3+ years of data modeling and/or data warehousing experience 3+ years of experience working with NoSQL databases (for e.g. MongoDB, Firebase) 1+ years of experience with Google BigQuery Experience in a programming language suited for scripting and/or data transformation (Python or Java preferred) You have previous experience working at an agency, technology studio or consulting firm Deep understanding of architectural principles necessary for delivering scalable, extensible and maintainable high-performance data driven cloud, web and/or mobile experiences Understanding of performance monitoring, analysis and remediation of data systems Understanding of cloud computing architecture, services and platforms (preferably GCP) Understanding of DevOps principles and processes Experience working in modern BI aspects to include cloud data lake solutions and advanced analytics deployment Experience working with cloud and hybrid data platforms, database architecture designs, migrations and management of technology You have customer first mindset and a devotion to customer service You engage and build positive internal and external client relationships, while managing multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities You have strong interpersonal, oral and written communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work, influence and make an impact in a cross-functional environment with all levels of the organization Ability to explain complex technical solutions in an engaging manner to technical and non-technical audiences and to connect technological solutions with measurable business value. You have solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills You set high standards for code quality, performance/scalability and security and seek continuous improvement You are responsive to rapidly changing business needs You actively seek out things outside your comfort zone with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies 
ScrapedJobID427:
Collaborate with team members to operate and maintain best-in-class cloud environments and technology stacks, for a company that plays a critical role in the Global Internet Infrastructure. Architect and implement resilient and scalable infrastructure and systems with industry standard and operational best-practices. Successfully maintain complex multi-system production environments through configuration management, capacity modeling and planning, and incident mitigation. Plan, facilitate, and participate in systems and platform upgrades and other preventative maintenance activities. Develop and implement devops toolings, including automation, workflow management, CI/CD pipelines, monitoring, and metrics. Support and collaborate with other engineers by owning and extending the existing technology stacks, while staying abreast of modern systems and platform technology and methodologies. 5+ years of recent experience implementing and supporting systems, platforms, and physical layer systems in mission-critical production environments. Experience architecting infrastructure solutions and supporting large applications in the AWS cloud. Familiarity with other cloud flavors such as Google Cloud Platform and Azure. Experience with cloud provisioning tools such as Terraform and CloudFormation. Experience with Docker and container orchestration platforms such as ECS and Kubernetes. Experience coding and integrating scripting languages such as Python and bash/shell. Experience with DevOps tools and technologies such as Puppet, Ansible, git, and Rundeck. Experience with monitoring, metrics and logging technologies such as Influx, ElasticSearch, and Grafana. Experience in Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Centos, Ubuntu, HP-UX or FreeBSD. Windows and Linux interoperability experience is a plus. Experience configuring and optimizing Linux based services such as PostgreSQL, bind, httpd, nginx, and rabbitmq. Advanced level of knowledge on TCP/IP, RAID, FC, and ethernet protocols. Advanced knowledge of network services including DNS, LDAP, Postfix, NTP and DHCP. Ability to provide Tier 2/3 support on all production and non-production and physical layer systems, coordinating with vendor support where necessary. Experience implementing and supporting new systems and platform technologies, and understanding the associated business implications with a minimal amount of supervision. Ability to participate in a shared 24/7 on-call schedule. Possess excellent analytical and organizational skills. BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience required. 
ScrapedJobID428:
Work with all levels of staff to ensure an optimal end user experience Develop, maintain and document support processes for the team. Field inquiries, troubleshooting requests and manage hardware, software or network problems, enter all information in Jira request Troubleshoot, recognize, and escalate more challenging problems to the appropriate teams. Drive these issues to completion. Manage and maintain IT Asset inventory and ensure endpoints are in compliance and under management. Manage maintain and administer MDM infrastructure Remotely support and maintain AV systems globally as needed. Assist in onboarding users and deploying new technologies as required. Participate in staggered schedule with teammates to ensure global IT support coverage Stay abreast of current and developing technologies and identify training to further oneself Strong familiarity with Okta, Sailpoint, JIRA, and Confluence, and firewalls is strongly preferred 5-8 years of related experience in an IT Support/ Helpdesk position Strong professional demeanor and work ethic Strong critical thinking skills and able to work independently Experience communicating on a high level to a non-technical audience Experience working closely with end users, team managers and senior leadership Experience supporting cloud/SaaS services such as G Suite Knowledge of Apple systems and software Comfortable working in fast growth environments Excellent communication & documentation skills A focus on education to empower the user base for increased productivity Ability to work with remote teams globally and possess cultural intelligence Self reliant, yet works well within a team and is directed by global presence & management Knowledge of ITIL preferred, in particular ITIL best practices Bonus pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID429:
Design and develop solutions on the Salesforce.com platform in APEX and Lightning, to increase productivity and enhance customer experience Take initiative to Identify complex problems and opportunities for efficiency in building out the Salesforce platform, and create solutions to resolve them Recommend alternative approaches and best practices, define technical impact, and provide sizing estimates Develop Lightning Web Components Follow an iterative software development methodology and contribute to all phases of the software development lifecycle and support processes Develop integrations with 3rd party applications and other tools especially utilizing the REST API Write technical approach and design documentation to support our business needs Ensure that all necessary changes on the Salesforce platform are documented, reviewed, tested, and approved before being deployed Remain current on new Salesforce features and functionality, and integrate into the existing solutions Participate in weekly on-call rotation and be self-sufficient in resolving issues May cover all Salesforce development needs for a domain team and thus be required act as subject matter expert for Salesforce for the team 3-6 years of experience as a SFDC Developer with Sales Cloud and Service, including the use of data tools (e.g. Data Loader, Big Query) Knowledge of Web Services, REST, XML and outbound messaging. Development experience with VS Code, Apex, Visualforce, web services, API, SOAP, Lightning components, Process Builder and VF flow. Highly organized, success-driven individual with a "can do" attitude SFDC Platform Developer I, SFDC Platform Developer II, and Javascript Developer I certifications BS/MS in Computer Science or similar engineering intensive program Experience in a technology company a plus Experience with event-based architecture and design Experience interfacing with business and technical teams Certified Administrator I Platform Developer I/II JavaScript Comprehensive benefits offerings for benefits eligible Teammates. Unique culture that truly values each and every Teammate. Career development and Future Growth Opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID430:
Build scalable infrastructure to manage CI systems (both on-prem and AWS) and applications, with a focus on software engineering and CS principles. Build tools and automation that enhance developer velocity and productivity. Minimize the risk of reliability related failure outcomes related to durability, availability, and performance. Collaborate across multiple teams including Devices Software Engineering, Client Platform Engineering, Corp Systems Engineering, IT Support, Production Platform Engineering, and Information Security. Design and manage our SLIs and SLOs. Build dashboards and programmatic alerting to maximize visibility into system health and status. Help with capacity planning for our hybrid cloud infrastructure (on-prem and AWS). Perform periodic on-call duty to handle system outages. BS or higher in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience. 6+ years of industry experience developing and troubleshooting large-scale infrastructure. The ability to independently write programs in a programming language of your choice. Similarly strong Bash and shell scripting skills. Knowledge of network routing, TCP/IP Protocols, DHCP configurations, and Git. Strong understanding of Infrastructure as Code. Experience with Configuration management and Infrastructure-as-a-Service tools such as Ansible, Chef, Puppet, etc. Experience building and scaling continuous integration systems and pipelines. Experience with deploy and management systems like VMware, Foreman, MaaS, or other open source tools. Nice to have: Experience with Jenkins/CI or other test infrastructure tools, a huge plus. Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources 
ScrapedJobID431:
Experience and drive to define reproduceable infrastructure as code, using tools like Ansible, SaltStack and Terraform. Expertise configuring and troubleshooting VMware ESXi, vSphere, vRS and related tools Experience using Active Directory, WSUS, LDAP Solid scripting skills using bash, python, Go, PowerShell and other languages Experience managing highly converged infrastructure and SDN network technologies such as Leaf & Spine, Cisco ACI or Arista VxLAN / eVPN Good understanding of networking concepts and protocols including DNS, DHCP, BGP, OSPF, routing and VLANs. Good understanding of server and networking hardware, troubleshooting and performance optimization Understanding of tools and principles to implement monitoring, change control and incident response. Attention to security and reliability, desire to work with others and maintain clear and useful documentation and runbooks Have supported a mission-critical production environment as part of a team providing 24x7x365 support Have at least a few years’ experience in an operational role, whether that be DevOps, SRE or traditional network/server management. Are comfortable communicating with people at all levels of the company who are spread all over the world. Have a passion for learning about technology and solving problems creatively and collaboratively Can write code in any language: python, ruby, java, shell scripting, whatever (ideally in multiple languages) Are proactive to identify and resolve development and customer problems. Have achieved mastery of Linux server operating environments. Have worked on a multi-datacenter production environment. Believe in collaboration and building solutions that are adaptable and reproduceable. 
ScrapedJobID432:
Lead: The continual-improvement of our threat hunting capabilities & tooling. Investigation & root cause analysis of security events & incidents escalated from our security operation centre. Training and knowledge transfer to peers, the Security Operations Centre and the wider IT team. Opensource tools and papers. Staff education and awareness. Act as a security subject matter expert to support development and operations teams and activities. Design and develop automation to ensure platform, services, and machine security. Develop security monitoring and detection systems. Investigate anomalous events across our service infrastructure and coordinate response with DevOps teams Recommend and help implement improved threat response capabilities into the DevOps platform Assist with code review for deployment automation as well as actual product capabilities Have and maintain (via conferences, etc) a great knowledge of infosec industry trends and developments and advise on changes to the threat landscape. Present and write about issues the team has experienced/innovated in community forums and industry events. Occasionally required to be available out-of-hours. Some global travel may be required Works closely with the Security Operations Centre, MTR Team, SophosLabs experts, Product Security Engineers and IT. Reports to the Global Security Operations Manager, based in Vancouver. Educated to bachelor’s degree level or relevant experience Scripting experience – Python/Javascript/Go Experience with use case and SIEM content creation Experience with SIEM solutions - Splunk, Kibana, Logstash, Sumo Logic or similar. Cross-platform knowledge of Enterprise IT infrastructure (Networking, Operating Systems, Databases, etc). Strong interpersonal skills Experience with cloud security architectures – particularly AWS and the related tooling Deep knowledge of Operating system internals across Linux & Windows. Security-related professional certification (SANS GIAC, GCIH, GPEN, GCFA, Splunk) Understanding of SDLC and Devops. Understanding of TCP-IP and Packet Captures Experience working in a global environment. Contributions to open-source security projects and/or publications. Knowledge of Sophos products. Hands on experience of network, memory and host forensics. Hands on experience investigating & responding to comprises by advanced attackers Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID433:
Plan the software product deployment and integration work Execute software installation, configuration, integration and migration work Prepare, document, and execute module test, end-to-end test, and acceptance test Troubleshoot, identify defects, fix or seek resolution Do occasional scripting & coding Work in Ericsson lab, customer lab, and customer production environment Identify and drive product or process improvements Work in a team environment with excellent collaboration and support Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science (IT, Telecom) or other technical field or the equivalent level of experience 0-2 years’ experience of software deployment, including installation, configuration, and testing. Knowledge or experience of IP networking principles and protocols Knowledge or experience of Internet principles and protocols Knowledge or experience of working in Linux OS environment Passion to work in teams for customer projects in a highly collaborative environment Nice to have knowledge or experience of deploying software in virtual or cloud environments, specially containerization using Kubernetes Nice to have knowledge or experience of tools for CICD, DevOps, and Agile ways of working Nice to have knowledge of mobile networks, especially 4G/5G, and the role of packet core, IMS, and/or UDM 
ScrapedJobID434:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time Perform Production Verification Testing Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes Guide and mentor junior members of the team Good oral and written communication skills 5+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs, and Web Application testing 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests Solid test plan and test case writing skill A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player Bonuses Experience with VMWare, Windows, and Linux operating systems Show us how your analytic ability, experience, and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure Experience with Micro services testing 
ScrapedJobID435:
You have 4-6 years of IT experience with Microsoft-based computer networks You have installation/migration/systems administration experience You have experience inWindows 10 PC deployments You have experience working with Active Directory in Windows Server You have experience working with VMWare vCentre You have a strong understanding of TCP/IP You have experience working with Cisco routing and switching You are experienced in remote monitoring and management (RMM) systems, Labtech/Automate (this is a plus) You have experience working with a professional services automation (PSA) system, ConnectWise (this is a plus) You want the opportunity to learn and use our industry-leading remote monitoring and management platform You want to work with a team of people who are the best when it comes to supporting business computer networks Installed, deployed and migrated Windows servers for our clients Completed Office 365 and other Azure Cloud migrations Successfully completed desktop migrations and server configurations for our clients Installed and configured firewalls Installed and configured Cisco networking devices Advanced security systems implementations Travelled within the GTA required for regular client onsite visits Competitive salary Corporate performance-based profit-sharing bonus Health and Dental benefits Group RRSP plan with contributions matched by company Yearly technology device allowance Paid birthday off as well as paid personal days Onsite Office Gym Please visit our BambooHR Company Site, and follow the steps to apply to the IT Infrastructure Engineer position, found here: Complete the following survey: Please note, an applicant will not be reviewed until they have completed the Culture Index Survey. 
ScrapedJobID436:
4+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 3+ years of programming experience with at least one language such as Python, Java, Go, Typescript, Ruby, to build reusable tools 2+ years of experience in systems engineering, site reliability of building and operating systems at scale 2+ years of experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Engineering experience Experience managing scaled cloud systems with a focus on operational excellence Experience working with high-availability, distributed systems and services 
ScrapedJobID437:
As an AWS Foundations scrum team the person would be responsible for building out and maintaining AWS Cloud Infrastructure as Software Activities would include maintaining grooming and developing a backlog of technical user stories based on a set of features that deliver value to client Will be responsible for setting up new instances in AWS monitoring system health and performance of instances deployed in AWS and operating the S3 SQS SWF VPC DyanamoDB CloudSearch ELB EBS Directory Services IAM ECS AWS cloud components Monitor of infrastructure systems health assess alarm conditions conduct incident review and root cause analysis and escalate incidents as appropriate Participate in change management perform systems storage and network maintenance apply updates and patches tuning resource trending and administration Will ensure that all packaged apps are highly available in the AWS set up Responding to support issues related to Linux and Windows VMs hosted in AWS Responsible for detail documentations for cross training the next batch of system engineers and ensuring coverage as required per business needs Over 6 10 years with 3 years of experience in migrating the on prem apps to AWS Provisioning and operating the public cloud environment of AWS cloud set up and hands on experience in using AWS OpsWorks AWS Code Deploy AWS Code Manage AWS Certified Solutions Architect 
ScrapedJobID438:
A unique way of blending business data with AI to create predictive insight; A team of hardworking and humble data gurus; An open mind to new ideas and technologies; Means that fit your ambition; A great atmosphere and work-life balance. Code efficient, object-oriented, modularized, well-tested software; Build and maintain an industry-leading automated production ML pipeline; Translate business requirements into high-quality solutions for our customers; Use a combination of advanced statistics and machine learning to create and/or validate predictive insights; Discuss and make geek jokes about Plotly (data visualization), LSTMs (ML implementations), Retool (client-facing analytics) and Unit Testing (CI/CD). BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field; Excellent programming skills in Python and SQL; Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) ; Versioning control experience with Git; Understanding of ML concepts, e.g.: linear/logistic regression, ensembling, decision trees, neural networks, clustering, cross validation, hyper-parameter optimization, etc.; Applied ML experience in statistical and mathematical modeling; Familiarity with one or more deep learning software frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch); Familiarity with one or more Python data/statistical frameworks (Scikit-learn, Numpy, Pandas); Demonstrated ability to integrate new algorithms and methodologies from research papers into existing ML pipelines; A few interesting stories about challenging real-world datasets you’ve tackled; The people skills to work with other developers, data scientists and business analysts; 4+ years of professional experience. Have a love for complex time-series data; Experience with ERP data; Experience in building, deploying and monitoring large scale ML models in production; Professional software development experience particularly in backend development with a strong interest in work involving data pipelines, distributed systems, performance analysis, and/or large-scale data processing; Experience with CI/CD pipeline tools; Experience with cloud infrastructure (GCP, AWS, AZURE, etc.); Experience with container ecosystems such as Docker and Kubernetes; Client-facing delivery experience. Casual dress On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID439:
Diplômé(e) en informatique Maîtrise du français Au moins une expérience Data réussie Dynamique et rigoureux(se), tu as un bon relationnel. Tu es à la fois autonome et à l’écoute des autres Tu es passionné(e) de technologie et curieux(se) au sujet de l’évolution des pratiques d’ingénierie logicielle (Continuous Delivery, DevOps, …) Data engineering : Spark (python, scala et/ou java), Impala, Kafka, Hadoop Cloud : GCP, AWS, Azure Machine Learning (en bonus) : Python (scikit learn, numpy, keras, tensorflow), R 
ScrapedJobID440:

ScrapedJobID441:
Architect, design, implement, test and deliver highly scalable products Master our development process, culture and code base, then improve it Work closely with a team of engineers, product managers, user experience experts and performance engineers to build new features our customers will love, adopt and use while keeping our trusted platform stable and scalable Develop test strategies, design automation frameworks, write unit/functional tests to drive up code coverage and automation metrics Analyze, design and develop test cases and implement automated test suites BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field Academic, professional or internship experience working in a professional coding setting environment Fluency in object-oriented programming/design Academic, professional or internship experience in one of Java, Python, Javascript, HTML, SQL or C++ Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Team-player with the ability to work effectively and efficiently with others Be a self-starter and possess strong sense of self-motivation Experience using telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellenc 
ScrapedJobID442:
Positive attitude, drive and determination to make every project a success. 3+ years of professional experience as a DevOps engineer. 3+ years of experience provisioning, configuring and managing services in AWS (e.g. EC2, Lambda, IAM, S3, RDS, Secrets Manager). Excellent knowledge of Kubernetes, Argo CD, Docker. Solid experience with Terraform. Strong Python development skills, with an emphasis on unit testing. Hands-on experience with Elasticsearch is highly desirable. Must be comfortable with git, Bitbucket, Jira and Confluence. A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. 
ScrapedJobID443:
We offer excellent compensation packages with market competitive pay, comprehensive healthcare packages, schedule flexibility, work from home opportunities, paid time off, and organizational growth potential. Grow at your own pace through online courses at Learning @ Equifax. Maintain and create useful, accessible, network documentation that can be shared with internal users, other teams, and auditors. Ensure disaster recovery and business continuity environments are compliant, available, and easily accessible. Enable the business while maintaining strong security posture within network best practices framework Manage vendor relationships and proof of concept engagements. Cloud/Compute - On call operational support- 24/7 support by rota BS or Associate's Degree/Technical Certification or equivalent job experience required 8 years+ proven experience Enterprise and data center network engineering experience and Cloud (AWS & GCP) Network services and Components Ability to interpret network traces and utilize TCPDUMP to troubleshoot and resolve network issues. Strong experience with InfoBlox DNS solution, AWS Route 53, Google Cloud DNS and F5 GTM & LTM ,Akamai GTM Working knowledge of layer 3 routing protocols such as BGP, OSPF, etc. Strong Understanding of cloud technologies (Google Cloud /AWS), CICD Pipeline(GitHUb, Jenkins,Terraform) and tools like Ansible big plus. Strong Understanding of Juniper, Cisco, & Arista Router / Switches, Palo Alto, Cisco ASA Firewalls, Akamai and F5 load balancers, Network Tools like Net Brain, Tufin, SolarWinds ,Extra hop ,Flow mon Bluecoat & Net Skope Proxy Accountability Curiosity Collaboration Think and act differently Trust Ownership 
ScrapedJobID444:
Manage and monitor cloud and physical servers across multiple global hosting services and data centers Deployment automation with Kubernetes Configuration Management with Ansible. Prev experience with other tools like Packer, Terraform, etc. helpful. Application software installation (often building from source on Github), configuration, and automation Linux server administration Server hardening, intrusion detection, and vulnerability scanning Networking and VPN configuration Experience working in high uptime 24/7 environments In depth prior work with automation and configuration management Knowledge of Linux deployment and configuration and resource monitoring/identifying bottlenecks Significant experience with one or more common system administration scripting languages Networking fundamentals Security best practices Series B stage startup where you'll make a true impact on the product, customers, team and the larger blockchain/crypto space A culture of honesty, professionalism and risk taking in a "non corporate environment" Remote first teams working flexible hours Equity and bonus potential 
ScrapedJobID445:
or equivalent experience MS Windows Linux System integration Consulting firm Telecommunications industry Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems Object-Oriented programming languages JavaScript HTML SQL .NET Model-View-Controller (MVC) Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Word processing software Spreadsheet Internet File management software Presentation software Communication software Project management software Web service design SQL Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Desktop applications Business diagram software Business intelligence Cloud Salesforce Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID446:
With the support of existing programmers, understand given requirements, write code, pass code reviews, build a test and deployment plan and get your features live! Act upon feedback from stakeholders to refine and hone features Working closely with producers, designers and other programmers in a highly collaborative and agile environment Other ad-hoc projects and/or requirements that may arise Are in 3rd or 4th year in a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent. Are highly motivated with the drive to take on new challenges and problem-solving. Have excellent communication skills, both verbally and written. Up-to-date understanding of the latest mobile gaming trends Passion for mobile free-to-play games Knowledge of object oriented languages (Either C#, and/or JavaScript are a BIG plus) Knowledge of relevant environments (Unity, NodeJS, Google Cloud are a plus) Strong understanding of both relational and non-relational databases is an asset Experience working on game related projects is an asset 
ScrapedJobID447:
MSc or PhD degree in Coastal Engineering, Physical Oceanography, or a related field Industry experience in numerical modelling with Delft3D (preferred), ADCIRC, MIKE, Telemac or related models for storm surge and waves, coastal circulation and sediment transport applications More than 6 years of experience in a consulting or applied research environment Programming experience (Matlab, Python) Solid understanding of statistics Experience leading and managing projects Excellent communication and writing skills (English) Industry experience in developing scientific software and modelling toolboxes Experience or proven interest in the assessment of climate change projections and their impact on met-ocean parameters Experience or proven interest in atmospheric science and implementation of WRF models Experience in administering numerical models in Linux OS and cloud computing platforms 
ScrapedJobID448:
Making Hydra based project easy to deploy and manage, through automation & standardisation. Participating in best practice definition for Hydra based project installations. Guiding the development team in best practice CI/CD, and full system testing. Supporting projects solutions and support teams, maintaining the infrastructure, and using lessons learnt to improve best practices. Enhancing cloud services operations and monitoring to be as proactive as possible Troubleshooting cloud infrastructure, identifying issues and assisting in their timely resolution Maintaining strict adherence to security policies within the organisation Designing maintenance procedures and operational guide Testing, evaluating and implementing new technologies Extensive Troubleshooting Skills & Coordination skills Demonstrable skill in deploying and supporting large-scale, customer-critical systems. Significant professional experience Strong understanding of AWS Strong knowledge of Linux Strong knowledge of automation technologies. Strong understanding of common network protocols. Good knowledge of scripting language (Python, Bash); Good knowledge of Docker Strong understanding of Terraform and cloud automation tools Excellent communication skills, ability to interact confidently and communicate technical instructions to colleagues at all levels. Experience in building, deploying and managing stateful services (Database, RAFT Cluster, etc) Financial industry experience IPsec experience Nomad or any other container orchestration solution Low-level x86 hardware knowledge. Networking & Firewall device skills. Low-latency tuning. Java, Golang, Typescript / Javascript A competitive salary 23 days of vacations 50% of the cost for group insurance which includes health, dental, life insurance and short or long-term disabilities up to 5% of your annual salary as a pension plan contribution, if you contribute the same 50% of your public transportation monthly pass 50% of a gym membership No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance Casual dress Commuter benefits Company pension Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Wellness program Monday to Friday Do you require sponsorship? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID449:
Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience developing and launching products and technologies within Cloud, SaaS, enterprise, internal tools or supply chain networks. Experience in creating strategic product roadmap(s) from conception to launch. Experience in leading the product vision, go-to-market strategy and design discussions. Experience in one or more of the following: cloud infrastructure, containers, developer tools, developer operations, serverless, software as a service, marketplace, and/or billing. Experience managing day-to-day technical and design direction. Knowledge of multiple functional areas such as product management, engineering, UX/UI, sales, customer support, finance or marketing. Ability to influence multiple stakeholders without direct authority. Understand the cloud ecosystem, markets, competition and user requirements in depth. Launch new products and features, test their performance and iterate quickly. Work collaboratively with Engineering, Marketing, Legal and UX teams on cutting-edge technologies. Develop innovative solutions to some of the world’s hardest problems by collaborating as needed across regions, product areas and functions. 
ScrapedJobID450:
Unix Linux Consulting firm Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems JavaScript HTML XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Perl Python Shell script Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Oracle Software development SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID451:
Design and deliver features end to end that are ‘serviceable’. Distributed computation, high scale, high availability, geo-redundancy, low maintenance and with provable quality Able to handle large scope and complicated feature ownership by working under self-driven initiatives with PM and across teams 5+ years software development experience with familiarity of at least one of OOP languages: C#/Java Strong coding and problem solving skills Able to ramp up new technologies fast Degree in CS or similar Server and/or service experience Experience in scalable and distributed computing Machine Learning experience Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
ScrapedJobID452:
Work with all levels of staff to ensure an optimal end user experience Develop, maintain and document support processes for the team. Field inquiries, troubleshooting requests and manage hardware, software or network problems, enter all information in Jira request Troubleshoot, recognize, and escalate more challenging problems to the appropriate teams. Drive these issues to completion. Manage and maintain IT Asset inventory and ensure endpoints are in compliance and under management. Manage maintain and administer MDM infrastructure Remotely support and maintain AV systems globally as needed. Assist in onboarding users and deploying new technologies as required. Participate in staggered schedule with teammates to ensure global IT support coverage Stay abreast of current and developing technologies and identify training to further oneself Strong familiarity with Okta, Sailpoint, JIRA, and Confluence, and firewalls is strongly preferred 5-8 years of related experience in an IT Support/ Helpdesk position Strong professional demeanor and work ethic Strong critical thinking skills and able to work independently Experience communicating on a high level to a non-technical audience Experience working closely with end users, team managers and senior leadership Experience supporting cloud/SaaS services such as G Suite Knowledge of Apple systems and software Comfortable working in fast growth environments Excellent communication & documentation skills A focus on education to empower the user base for increased productivity Ability to work with remote teams globally and possess cultural intelligence Self reliant, yet works well within a team and is directed by global presence & management Knowledge of ITIL preferred, in particular ITIL best practices Bonus pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID453:
An escalation point for complex support issues from Tier 1 & 2 support staff globally. Responsible for reproducing/confirming product defects and reporting such defects to QA and Product Management for future consideration. Provide product training for Tier 1 & 2 support and act as a mentor to junior support engineers. Responsible for escalating technical issues that could not be resolved by Tier 1 & 2 Engineers to QA, Product Development, and R&D. Maintaining required product environments for the entire Technical Support organization. Provide after hours coverage as part of an on-call rotation schedule for SLA support as needed. Work continuously to increase Tier 2 Engineer product knowledge by reviewing escalated cases on a Daily basis. Ensure that all levels of the Technical Support organization are informed and current of all product enhancements/ latest releases by working closely with the Product teams and sharing that information with the entire Support organization. Ensure customer inquiries are responded to within established timeframes and technical support service levels are achieved. Ability to demonstrate strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Possesses strong customer relation skills. Ability to handle multiple priorities. Perform in an effective and timely manner all the tasks required. Work as a member of the Technical Support team and collaborate with other departments (i.e. R&D, PM) to exceed SysAid customer’s expectations for technical support. Exhibit above average reasoning ability by clearly defining problems, analyzing data, establishing facts, and drawing valid conclusions. Represent SysAid in a professional manner, especially when providing online support. Methodically resolve the more difficult and complex production issues reported by customers and partners. Excellent written communication and verbal skills, as well as strong listening skills. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5 years experience in providing technical support to global customers using the SAAS platform and Cloud infrastructure, assisting with integration and product-related queries automation controls. Must have in-depth knowledge of various Microsoft Windows and Linux Operating systems, MS and MySQL databases, LAN/WAN Networking, and IT Network Operations experience. Must have Knowledge of internet protocols, JavaScript, NodeJS, Python, HTML & CSS. Experience utilizing debugging tools and lab simulations to analyze problems and identify solutions. Ability to logically troubleshoot software issues to determine the root cause and present suggested workarounds and solutions. Proven support experience as well as exhibiting professional client-facing skills. 
ScrapedJobID454:
Java, C#, Rust experience Understanding of Agile Scrum Experience of working in a CI/CD environment (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery). Working with large distributed agile teams. Understanding of object oriented coding and design, SOLID principles Willingness to learn and interest in the above mentioned technologies. Java, C#, Rust Compréhension de Scrum Agile Expérience de travail dans un environnement CI/CD (intégration continue/prestation continue). Travailler avec de grandes équipes agiles distribuées. Compréhension du codage et de la conception orientés objet, principes SOLID Volonté d’apprendre et intérêt pour les technologies susmentionnées. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Telecommunications, Electronics or similar Practical knowledge of C++/C#/Java development ecosystem. 0+ years of experience in Software Development. Baccalauréat en informatique, technologies de l'information, mathématiques, télécommunications, électronique ou c onnaissance pratique de l’écosystème de développement C++/C#/Java. 0+ ans d’expérience dans le développement de logiciels. 
ScrapedJobID455:
You consider yourself to be a subject matter expert in designing and managing Cloud IaaS and PaaS Services. You are expert with Automation development with Puppet You thrive on the detailed design & deployment of cloud services blueprints, the same in the design & implementation of automated delivery pipelines for the cloud services. You are proficient in providing Level 3 support for developed Cloud Services. You can develop & document operational procedures for service operations teams. You excel in the development of technical documentation of operational procedures for service operations teams (build & runbooks) & technical specifications. You can also contribute to implementation planning. You possess excellent communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills to both a business and technical audience. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with Puppet Development You have at least 5+ years of hands-on technical working experience with GCP and Azure Platform You have at least 5+ years of hands-on working experience in the development of Infrastructure pipelines using Jenkins and Groovy You have at least 7+ years of hands-on working experience in the systems’ integration development and Restful APIs coding You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID456:

ScrapedJobID457:
Deep understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Demonstrated experience supporting an engineering team to ship regularly through automation Experience releasing and managing Node.js and JavaScript applications in the cloud Experience in building and maintaining infrastructure and services around AWS Lambda functions, including integration with CDNs etc. Experience in defining infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform to manage cloud resources, accounts, organizations, users in AWS following best practices Experience setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Github Actions, CircleCI, or similar 4+ years of professional software development experience 2+ years of professional experience in cloud infrastructure Architect and build cloud solutions on AWS Build scalable production systems from start to finish; beginning by identifying business needs and taking the project through to its launch, incorporating security, scalability, high availability, monitoring and reporting Communicate architectural concepts to clients and team members alike Use scripting languages such as Bash and Javascript frequently as required Work in a client service role – advocating for the positive long-term impacts of code health and smooth developer experience, while being sensitive to client goals and timelines Grow as an engineer and add to your skillset beyond infrastructure and DevOps Team leadership experience Kubernetes / Docker / Containerization Proficiency in JavaScript Familiarity with GraphQL Open Source contributor Incident management and defining incident response processes (on-call escalation, playbooks/runbooks, postmortems) Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision 16 days of PTO annually in addition to 10 statutory holidays Unlimited sick time Flexible work schedules 40 hour work weeks & no On-Call duty A Home Office Stipend so you can buy a desk, monitor, and more A MacBook Pro, or equivalent Windows or Linux laptop Annual Health & Wellness bonus An encouraging and collaborative culture ...and much more to support your life, both at work and outside of work! 
ScrapedJobID458:
Collaborate with engagement teams in a technical role, and also act as a technical resource to junior resources, and QA for technical deliverables Lead architecture and design services, including system engineering, physical and logical solution architecture, customization, and integration of solutions Manage a portfolio of projects and clients, and coordinate responsibilities of team members from the firm's service teams or outside vendors to ensure project goals are met Sustain long-term relationships with clients, acting as a trusted advisor, helping clients chart a long-term path toward more effective collaboration and content management, in consideration of changing technical and business conditions. Serve as escalation point for client support issues Provide internal leadership via coaching, mentoring, and professional development of team members Engage with internal communities of practice, and other practice areas within the firm Identify opportunities for process improvement, evaluate current and emerging SharePoint/Teams and Office 365 technologies and practices and recommend solutions and best practices to leadership Assist with business development, including technical pre-sales support, assisting pursuit teams with proposal development and responses to RFPs, and presenting to prospective clients Assemble and/or vet estimates of effort, time, and cost Provide external-facing thought leadership in the form of representing RSM and presenting at industry and community events, and publishing content on behalf of the firm 5 - 7 years of experience in business information systems consulting 2+ years of experience with Office 365 content and collaboration tools Sound understanding of workflows, forms, and business process automation Solid understanding of the Power Platform Strong understanding of migration tools and previous experience migrating content into the cloud version Understanding of client-side scripting, jQuery, React 
ScrapedJobID459:
Extensive hands-on experience in Azure IaaS and PaaS administration (App services, Functions, Keyvault, Azure SQL, App Insights, Azure VPN, LB, App Gateway, WAF, ACS, AKS, ACR, Azure Recovery Services and backup, Azure Automation, ML, Azure policy, RBAC, and other Azure services) Demonstrated background in Azure DevOps Services and building pipeline with Azure DevOps, as well as end-to-end CI/CD process, test automation integration Hands on experience with implementation and management of NGINX Extensive experience with container platforms preferably Docker and Kubernetes In-depth knowledge and experience of Windows and Linux servers, Azure AD, Identity and Access management Experience with infrastructure as code (IaC) Terraform, Ansible, ARM Advanced experience with monitoring tools including Applications Insights, Azure Monitor, log analytics, Kusto Query Language, alerting, dashboards, workbooks, KPIs Conduct branching strategies for the source code, configure repositories, integrate GitHub with DevOps pipelines, GitHub Codespaces, source control artifacts for human consumption.Develop a Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) strategy, Design and implement logging and telemetry, integrate logging and monitoring solutions, design a failure prediction strategy, and implement a health checks Collaborate, facilitate, deploy and release information to key stakeholders Lead the creation and generation of DevOps process documentation Implement continuous integration and design package management; including an application infrastructure management strategy. Implement and maintain a build strategy and create a process for standardizing builds Implement a continuous delivery and release management strategy including complex deployments ( ML, ML Ops, Mobile Apps, App Center, DR, multi region, CDN, etc) Assess and configure a log framework, design a log aggregation and storage strategy (e.g. Azure storage, design a log aggregation using Azure Monitor, manage access control to logs (workspace-centric/resource-centric), integrate crash analytics (App Center Crashes, graylogs) 8+ years in IT (various roles) Development and/or infrastructure management 4+ years of experience working with Azure cloud and Azure DevOps Master-level scripting and automation abilities (PowerShell, Python, JSON, YAML, ARM Templates, Runbooks, Cloud Shell,) Previous experience working in an Agile environment is a base requirement Working knowledge of databases specially Azure SQL (Microsoft T-SQL) Working knowledge of microservices architecture Experience troubleshooting .NET and C# applications Self-starter and ability to effectively manage and prioritize daily work and projects University degree in Computer related Sciences or similar considered an asset Cloud certification, preferably Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator and DevOps Engineer 
ScrapedJobID460:

ScrapedJobID461:
Post-secondary education in a related field. Must have at least 1 year of experience with Deep Learning frameworks like PyTorch or TensorFlow. Must have at least 1-3 years of experience with C/C++, Python coding or other high-level languages. A strong publication record or alternative relevant innovation experience. 
ScrapedJobID462:
Engage with clients to develop a keen understanding of their goals, strategies and technical needs Work closely with clients to understand their system architecture and scope out technical requirements to build conversational AI experience Build prototypes of the proposed technical solutions & API integrations with backend systems Provide technical support to our internal optimization team to implement complicated transactional use cases for VA Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to deliver technical solutions Drive best practices, architectural assessments, and work breakdown with client services team Lead technical sessions with client, becoming a trusted advisor to decision makers and stakeholders while demonstrating mastery of the technical domain University degree in a technical or mathematical discipline (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering) or equivalent experience 3+ year of Experience in client facing roles such as SaaS services or consulting roles, leading a client facing delivery to exceed client expectation and deliver on-time Strong technical experience in professional services and a proven track record of successfully delivering projects Good knowledge of modern Web frameworks, RESTful services and Microservices architecture Experience in documenting detailed call flows Experience working on enterprise deployments involving multiple vendors Excellent client-facing communication skills Knowledge of Azure and google cloud services Experience in end-to-end deployment of chatbot built on Microsoft Bot Framework will be a great asset 
ScrapedJobID463:
5+ years of experience working in the IT industry as an AWS devops engineer. Experience using and building solutions with Git, Github, AWS CLI/APIs, Terraform, Ansible, Prometheus, Graphana, Splunk and Jenkins Experience working with AWS services related to compute (EC2, Lambda), networking (VPC, Subnets, Firewalls etc.), storage (S3, EBS), security (IAM), encryption (KMS, TLS), data and analytics (Redshift, Glue), AI/ML (SageMaker) Experience carrying out Tableau server management on EC2 Container management in AWS environment Delivering within an Agile/Scrum environment University or Technical Diploma in IT discipline with equivalent experience Well organized Detail orientated Able to multitask effectively Excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Able to work effectively with minimal supervision Strong written and oral communication skills Proven ability to build strong relationships with clients Ansible GIT GIT Jenkins Prometheus Terraform 
ScrapedJobID464:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness. Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests. Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints. Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time. Perform Production Verification Testing. Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues. Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes. Guide and mentor junior members of the team. Good oral and written communication skills. 3+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs and Web Application testing. 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests. Solid test plan and test case writing skill. A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player. Experience with VMWare, Windows and Linux operating systems. Show us how your analytic ability, experience and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch. Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver. Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure. Experience with Micro services testing. 
ScrapedJobID465:
Design, deploy and maintain the requirements of a large scale cloud platform with a focus on the key pillars of the cloud: Reliability, Operational excellence, Security, Performance and Cost Optimization Own and be responsible for best practice use of our cloud ecosystem from the cloud infrastructure through to the use of our application Passionate about automating everything and proficient in at least one of the following languages (Golang, Python, Ruby) Understand why using infrastructure as code to efficiently provision infrastructure and services is the only way to build and maintain a large-scale cloud platform Develop comprehensive monitoring solutions to provide full visibility to the different platform components using tools and services like Kubernetes, Prometheus, Grafana, ELK, Datadog, New Relic, and other similar tools. Experience working within an Agile/Scrum SDLC Integrate different components and develop new services with a focus on open source to allow a minimal friction developer interaction with the platform and application services Identify and troubleshoot any availability and performance issues at multiple layers of deployment, from hardware, operating environment, network, and application Evaluate performance trends and expected changes in demand and capacity, and establish the appropriate scalability plans Troubleshoot and solve customer issues on production deployments Ensure that SLAs are met in executing operational tasksCollaborate with other engineers to implement operational solutions while defining, adhering to industry best practices Experience in Building and managing Virtualized systems (KVM, OVM, Containers/Docker) and ability to read and understand source code Systematic problem-solving approach, combined with a strong sense of ownership and drive Conduct periodic on-call duties Working knowledge of information security issues Working knowledge of web and network protocols and standards (HTTP, TLS, DNS, etc) 5+ years related professional experience 2+ years as a cloud administrator supporting enterprise computing platforms and systems Public cloud provider certifications are great to have Strong experience with Infrastructure as Code and Configuration Management tools. Preferably Terraform Demonstrable experience of methods to promote the correct use of cloud platforms with multiple layers of abstraction and responsibility Experience with Prometheus/Grafana for metrics aggregation/visualization Configuration of CI/CD pipelines. Preferably Spinnaker Experience using Kubernetes Experience with automation tools/platforms Experience with alerting and monitoring tools Experience working with NoSQL databases is a plus Experience working in a highly distributed company is a plus Experience writing backend applications is not required but definitely a plus Experience working within an Agile/Scrum SDLC. Align a portion of your day with the business hours of Pacific Time Zone - UTC -8 In three months, you have become the cloud administrator with respect to overall site availability, security, latency, system health, customer accounts, and billing. You’ll have taken on independent code review responsibilities and are collaborating on the design of new features In six months, you have earned the trust of the team and are delivering tasks through the entire SDLC, from design through development with minimal guidance, and are helping to effectively mentor new engineers joining the team In twelve months, you have established a cadence of predictable, on-time delivery without cutting corners Compare Couchbase vs. MongoDB Compare Couchbase vs. Oracle Browse the Developer Portal 
ScrapedJobID466:
Design and develop responsive, high performance, reliable React-based web applications targeting both mobile devices and desktop clients. Participate in how our enterprise grade SaaS solutions are built, deployed, and operated in a true Agile setting supported by senior developers, testers, and product managers Create wireframes, storyboards, sitemaps prototype and screen flows Deliver high fidelity UI assets which can be easily translated to UI components Optimize existing user interface designs based on market trends Understand business goals and objectives Prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that users love Conduct an ongoing user research Contribute to the design and improvement of web features and projects Minimum 2 years of experience in design/development of web applications. Good knowledge in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and React. Experience with version control tools, preferably git. Good understanding of WebSockets and HTTPS protocol Deep knowledge of the Adobe Suite and Figma Ability to quickly learn new technologies and tools Fluent in spoken and written English Experience with end-to-end release and deployment of web applications. Eager; curious and passionate to learn about technology and processes. Collaborative; values team success more than individual accomplishments. Passion for knowledge; a desire to learn and share knowledge. Problem-solver; always ready to dive in and tackle problems head on. Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and API Exceptional eye for detail and passion for quality Inquisitive; not afraid to ask questions. A compelling portfolio of work that demonstrates high-quality design work that also tells a story that you are a deep design thinker. 
ScrapedJobID467:
MUST qualify for Top Secret Security Clearance (Canadian Citizen with 10 years verifiable residence) Proficient with Azure Skilled in Java, C# and C++ Experience as a Cloud Engineer designing Cloud Architecture Hands-on experience working on Databases Skilled in working with public or private cloud technologies Experience with our Tech Stack:
Languages: Ruby, python or JavaScript
Database: SQL
OS: Windows, Linux, Microservices (Kubernetes), Azure Languages: Ruby, python or JavaScript Database: SQL OS: Windows, Linux, Microservices (Kubernetes), Azure Proficient working in an Agile environment Team player with experience working in a diverse/international team 
ScrapedJobID468:
4+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 3+ years of programming experience with at least one language such as Python, Java, Go, Typescript, Ruby, to build reusable tools 2+ years of experience in systems engineering, site reliability of building and operating systems at scale 2+ years of experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Engineering experience Experience managing scaled cloud systems with a focus on operational excellence Experience working with high-availability, distributed systems and services 
ScrapedJobID469:
Competitive compensation Comprehensive benefits package Flexible work environment Fun team-building events. Yes, even remotely! Professional development allowance Opportunities for learning, growth, and career advancement Design, engineer, and automate end-to-end Azure cloud solutions Architect CI\CD build, release, and deploy processes across multiple teams Setup/manage automated infrastructure creation/deployment in Azure Develop highly repeatable processes and have a desire to AUTOMATE EVERYTHING. Deploy, monitor, and troubleshoot Maximizer’s production Azure environments Form a DevOps team culture of people, process & technology Participate in on-call escalation chain as well as off-hour maintenance Help on-board and mentor new DevOps personnel Demonstrated track record of designing, building and managing a full DevOps pipeline environment (Automated development to production pipeline), preferably on Azure – You must have this to apply 4+ years working experience as a DevOps engineer on Saas/Paas/Iaas infrastructure Experience with containerization and orchestration technologies (Docker, Kubernetes…) Experience with Azure Architecture; Best Practices, Reference Architecture, Cloud Design Patterns, etc. Proficiency in Azure ARM templating Scripting; PowerShell or other (Ruby, Python…) Did we mention you need to have a strong desire for, and knowledge of, automation? Working knowledge in setting up networking, VLAN, Auto Scaling, load balancing, firewalls, etc.. Familiarity with software engineering tools, software development methodology (SCRUM), and release processes. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Knowledge of SQL Knowledge of OAuth and/ or other authentication frameworks Linux experience Application monitoring tools such as NewRelic Understands aspects of development; tools, languages… MCSD certification or willing to certify Please send in your application now! We appreciate all applications; however, only short-listed candidates will be contacted. No phone calls, please. 
ScrapedJobID470:
056031 Our client is one of the world’s largest online marketplaces, dealing with one billion events per day. We are looking for Senior Site Reliability Engineer or DevOps with strong scripting and development skills, who will contribute to the management and optimization of complex infrastructure based on AWS and Kubernetes, automate routine jobs of management of thousands of nodes and dozens of clusters, and reduce the operational cost, like disk utilization, CPU utilization, etc. Obtains tasks from the project lead or Team Lead (TL), prepares functional and design specifications, approves them with all stakeholders. Ensures that assigned area/areas are delivered within set deadlines and required quality objectives. Provides estimations, agrees task duration with the manager and contributes to project plan of assigned area. Analyzes scope of alternative solutions and makes decision about area implementation based on his/her experience and technical expertise. Leads functional and architectural design of assigned areas. Makes sure design decisions on the project meet architectural and design requirements. Addresses area-level risks, provides and implements mitigation plan. Reports about area readiness/quality, and raises red flags in crisis situations which are beyond his/her AOR. Responsible for resolving crisis situations within his/her AOR. Constantly improves his/her professional level. Collaborates with other teams. 5+ years of commercial experience as Site Reliability Engineer, or DevOps, or similar 2+ years of experience with AWS stack (VPC, EC2, S3, KMS, ECR, IAM, Lambda, CloudWatch) Development experience with Python, or Go, or Ruby Knowledge of Linux and bash better than your own house ;) Experience with migrations, upgrades and monitoring Hands-on experience of working with production environments with zero tolerance to any errors Strong understanding of Kubernetes ecosystem. Experience in Agile development environments Good English (oral & written) and communication skills in general 
ScrapedJobID471:
Work with our customers during implementation and production of their Couchbase Server-based applications Troubleshoot and research customer issues. These can range from development time SDK questions to performance tuning or failure analysis Reproduce customer cases for detailed troubleshooting and analysis. This may include writing or modifying code or simulating node failure situations Become a product expert for customers and stay up-to-date on new features in Couchbase Identify and write internal and external technical articles or knowledge-base entries, like typical troubleshooting steps, workarounds or best practices 5+ years of experience working with users/developers to troubleshoot and resolve issues for backend infrastructure applications (e.g. databases, application servers, Hypervisors, etc.) 5+ years experience managing and troubleshooting Linux and Windows systems. BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience in software and/or a technologically relevant field Strong Unix/Linux administration skills Strong programming experience in one of the following languages: Java/C/Python Familiarity with NoSQL databases Experience in troubleshooting distributed high-performance systems Excellent analytical skills, passion for pinning down technical issues, and solving problems Enjoy a fast-paced startup environment Working hours for this role varies depending on coverage. From Monday to Friday with starting time between 8:00 and 11:00 until 17:00 and 20:00. BS Computer Science or commensurate experience A fantastic culture A focused, energetic team with aligned goals True collaboration with everyone playing their positions Great market opportunity and growth potential Time off when you need it. Regular team lunches and fully-stocked kitchens. Open, collaborative spaces. Competitive benefits and pre-tax commuter perks 2020 Bay Area Best Place to Work Wealth Front Career-Launching Companies List 2020 Couchbase Named a Leader: Forrester Wave Big Data NoSQL Report Deloitte Technology Fast 500 2019 Forbes Next Billion-Dollar Startup 2018 Big Data 100: 35 Coolest Data Management And Integration Vendors Compare Couchbase vs. MongoDB Compare Couchbase vs. Oracle Browse the Developer Portal 
ScrapedJobID472:
Collaborate with team members to get a better understanding of your user stories. Develop elegant features and solutions for our web and mobile platforms. Communicate with stakeholders as you implement these features. Write unit and integration tests for any features that you build. Be responsible for these features, and fix bugs if necessary. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline. 1+ year of professional software development experience. Have built and maintained web applications. Excitement for learning new domains and new skills. Experience with databases (PostgreSQL, Redis). Experience with scripting (any of: Python, Node, Shell). Knowledge in HTML5, CSS3, and ES6+. Experience with the cloud (AWS, EC2, RDS). Familiarity with Agile build and development processes. Expertise in designing, building, and maintaining RESTful APIs. Languages: Python, JavaScript / Angular Web Stack: Django, Flask, Gunicorn, Nginx Mobile: Ionic, Cordova Mapping/Routing: OpenStreetMap, Open Source Routing Machine Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Redis, PostgreSQL, Celery, RabbitMQ Health/Monitoring: AWS CloudWatch, Prometheus, Grafana, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana Base salary: $70,000 - $85,000 + performance-based bonus or stock options Work-Life Balance: Flex time, work from home, vacation time Benefits Plan: Dental, prescription, disability, massage, and more 
ScrapedJobID473:
Ability to communicate with customers - listen and understand the problem, clearly explain basic technical information Ask customers targeted questions to quickly understand the root of the problem Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues Track issues through to resolution, within agreed time limits Properly escalate unresolved issues to the appropriate next level / internal teams Provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers Refer to internal database or external resources to provide accurate technical solutions Ensure all issues are properly logged – follow case management process Prioritize and manage several open issues at one time Follow up with customers to ensure their systems are fully functional after troubleshooting, and a work-around or solution has been provided Document technical knowledge in the form of knowledge base articles and/or submit documentation opportunities Communicate with Sales Team to ensure timely updates for any critical issue or inform on any opportunities at a customer Work closely with Senior Technical Support Engineer and Engineering team to assist with documentation Perform activities (reproduce the issue when required) Minimum of 5 years' experience in a technical role. Bachelor degree in a relevant field, like Computer Science, IT or Software Engineering. Microsoft, Cisco, Linux or similar certification or a diploma from a technical institute Education may be substituted for proven work experience as a Technical Support Engineer in a similar field Knowledge of Windows, Load Balancing, Firewalls and Virtual Machines Unix OS experience (BSD/Linux/Solaris) Understanding of networks (CCNA level knowledge) High level understanding of technology infrastructure, security concepts and platforms Strong understanding of networking (specifically IP related technologies) Good understanding of virtualization & cloud concepts Knowledge of web services Hands-on experience with the installation, configuration, and/or operation of network equipment such as Cisco, Juniper or other network hardware manufacturers – a valuable asset Programming and/or scripting, SQL databases, network traffic monitoring, or firewall technologies – especially in a Telecom, ISP, or Cable Internet environment – a valuable asset Experience in a technical product lab setting or operational network environment – a valuable asset Ability to configure and troubleshoot problems - logical thought process Good problem solving investigative and multi-tasking skills Ability to communicate with customers presenting technical information either verbally or in written format Focus to detail and can follow defined processes/procedures Able to identify when assistance is required Organization and prioritization abilities Good computer skills in MS Office Ideal candidate will have served as a developer in prior roles and have a deep understanding of modern, highly scalable architectures leveraging the latest technologies including NET/C#, Restful APIs, micro-services, cloud computing etc. Competitive compensation plan Flexible working hours – in some roles work from home Employee development including training programs and mentorship Career development and advancement opportunities The Sandvine Global Talent Acquisition Team 
ScrapedJobID474:
a comprehensive group insurance and RRSP plan a flextime policy with paid overtime discretionary bonuses a fitness reimbursement program other office perks such as catered weekly lunches and free hot beverages (espresso, coffee, hot regular company outings Bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science or other related engineering Previous experience with system and/or software level testing of Electronic / Software Systems Experience with Communication Systems, Cloud Systems, or other aerospace related user Ability to understand system requirements to create test procedures and automated HIL test Experience with Software and Hardware in the loop verification environments (i.e.: dSPACE, Opal- Knowledge of scripting languages and environments typically used for test script development Experience in embedded software development using low level programming language C / C++. Knowledge of requirements managements / issue tracking tools such as JAMA, PTC, DOORS, etc. Experience with various communication protocols and interfaces (e.g., CAN, Ethernet, SPI, I2C, Must be able to communicate effectively in English Occasional travel required to customer sites (usually within North America) Must be eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID475:
Serverless stack - Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, Step Functions lac - CloudFormation or CDK AWS Basic - IAM roles, resource policies, S3 buckets, Loadbalancers, Networking CICD with CodeBuild, CodeDeploy and CodePipeline Coding in Node JS, TypeScript or Python Advanced networking concepts - Transit Gateway, VPC Endpoints, Multi-account connectivity Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID476:
Collaborate with Leadership on clearly defining project roadmaps that align with business objective priorities Architect the next phase of PDI’s solution suite, including the analysis, proposal and management of budgets, technologies and resources Onboard and lead a high-performing team that builds the future of self-serve programmatic advertising Lead the development and maintenance of our services and improve their operations Communicate your ideas clearly and effectively and justify your strategic decisions to Leadership to ensure alignment Create highly efficient and productive project schedules and budgets Adjust quickly to changing priorities and manage any resulting complexity Hire, coach and retain high-performing development talent that is as passionate as you Comfortably communicate in both technical and non-technical terms Maintain a constant level of learning that translates into the products you build Bachelor's degree in the Engineering field Experience building, leading and mentoring software development teams Deep knowledge of programming languages, such as Ruby on rails, NodeJS, Python, Go, etc. Thorough understanding of relational databases, including architecture and best practices Experience with cloud infrastructures (AWS, GCP or Azure) Familiarity working with front-end frameworks Knowledge of Agile development process Solid history of producing well-designed and tested software Comfortable architecting solutions from the ground up (and preferably have experience doing so) Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call Weekend availability Bachelor's Degree (required) Project management: 3 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (preferred) AWS: 3 years (preferred) Systems engineering: 3 years (preferred) Relational databases: 3 years (preferred) Management: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID477:
With the support of existing programmers, understand given requirements, write code, pass code reviews, build a test and deployment plan and get your features live! Act upon feedback from stakeholders to refine and hone features Working closely with producers, designers and other programmers in a highly collaborative and agile environment Other ad-hoc projects and/or requirements that may arise Are in 3rd or 4th year in a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent. Are highly motivated with the drive to take on new challenges and problem-solving. Have excellent communication skills, both verbally and written. Up-to-date understanding of the latest mobile gaming trends Passion for mobile free-to-play games Knowledge of object oriented languages (Either C#, and/or JavaScript are a BIG plus) Knowledge of relevant environments (Unity, NodeJS, Google Cloud are a plus) Strong understanding of both relational and non-relational databases is an asset Experience working on game related projects is an asset 
ScrapedJobID478:
5+ years of hands-on software design and coding experience. BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field Experience in Web technologies: HTML, JavaScript, React, CSS, Typescript, Flux, etc. Experience working with multi-tiered applications and micro-services. Understand efficient data structures, object-oriented programming, familiar with algorithms and have an extended track record of shipping large scale software-based services. Strong computer science fundamentals and proven architecture design capability. Proven ability to instrument, profile, debug, and optimize code and resolve complex issues with distributed systems across multiple layers. Excellent technical, cross group collaboration and communication skills. DevOps Experience supporting production systems 
ScrapedJobID479:
Accountable for the successful resolution of Service Requests and incidents Understands the end-to-end technical services including dependent components and infrastructure Identifies opportunities to drive efficiency through automation Drive continuous technical improvement to the service offering Maintains knowledge and understanding of technology trends and identifies opportunities to leverage complementary technologies to drive efficiency. Collaborate with 3rd party service providers, to ensure high quality and successful transition of all service changes While knowing the ins and outs of the latest technology is key, we’re also looking for someone with proven experience in a small to medium sized environment. At least 2-3 year’s experience working on a Service Desk or supporting Windows desktop and Microsoft 365 environments. Experience in Active Directory & Sharepoint would also be an advantage. Technology and delivery, with a strong background in the practical use, support and deployment of technology to operational staff. Working in a challenging, fast-paced environment, you’ll need drive, resilience and versatility. You’ll also be working with people from around the business, including key stakeholders, so a respectful attitude and the ability to build strong relationships is important. 
ScrapedJobID480:
Deep understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Demonstrated experience supporting an engineering team to ship regularly through automation Experience releasing and managing Node.js and JavaScript applications in the cloud Experience in building and maintaining infrastructure and services around AWS Lambda functions, including integration with CDNs etc. Experience in defining infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform to manage cloud resources, accounts, organizations, users in AWS following best practices Experience setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Github Actions, CircleCI, or similar 4+ years of professional software development experience 2+ years of professional experience in cloud infrastructure Architect and build cloud solutions on AWS Build scalable production systems from start to finish; beginning by identifying business needs and taking the project through to its launch, incorporating security, scalability, high availability, monitoring and reporting Communicate architectural concepts to clients and team members alike Use scripting languages such as Bash and Javascript frequently as required Work in a client service role – advocating for the positive long-term impacts of code health and smooth developer experience, while being sensitive to client goals and timelines Grow as an engineer and add to your skillset beyond infrastructure and DevOps Team leadership experience Kubernetes / Docker / Containerization Proficiency in JavaScript Familiarity with GraphQL Open Source contributor Incident management and defining incident response processes (on-call escalation, playbooks/runbooks, postmortems) Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision 16 days of PTO annually in addition to 10 statutory holidays Unlimited sick time Flexible work schedules 40 hour work weeks & no On-Call duty A Home Office Stipend so you can buy a desk, monitor, and more A MacBook Pro, or equivalent Windows or Linux laptop Annual Health & Wellness bonus An encouraging and collaborative culture ...and much more to support your life, both at work and outside of work! 
ScrapedJobID481:
a comprehensive group insurance and RRSP plan a flextime policy with paid overtime discretionary bonuses a fitness reimbursement program other office perks such as catered weekly lunches and free hot beverages (espresso, coffee, hot regular company outings Bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science or other related engineering Previous experience with system and/or software level testing of Electronic / Software Systems Experience with Communication Systems, Cloud Systems, or other aerospace related user Ability to understand system requirements to create test procedures and automated HIL test Experience with Software and Hardware in the loop verification environments (i.e.: dSPACE, Opal- Knowledge of scripting languages and environments typically used for test script development Experience in embedded software development using low level programming language C / C++. Knowledge of requirements managements / issue tracking tools such as JAMA, PTC, DOORS, etc. Experience with various communication protocols and interfaces (e.g., CAN, Ethernet, SPI, I2C, Must be able to communicate effectively in English Occasional travel required to customer sites (usually within North America) Must be eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID482:
Serverless stack - Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, Step Functions lac - CloudFormation or CDK AWS Basic - IAM roles, resource policies, S3 buckets, Loadbalancers, Networking CICD with CodeBuild, CodeDeploy and CodePipeline Coding in Node JS, TypeScript or Python Advanced networking concepts - Transit Gateway, VPC Endpoints, Multi-account connectivity Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID483:
Review and approve/reject all incoming Canadian deposits Ensure accuracy of daily posting of trust and/or commission trust deposits Maintain the flow of each method of deposit (FTNI, Etransfer, In Branch, Wire Transfers, Bill Payments and Bank Transfers) Respond to all provincial deposit/commission emails through Zoho Identify deposit items on provincial bank statements Identify any issues with deposits and bring to management/team lead for solutions Communicate with agents (eXp agents and other brokerage agents) about the status of the deposit Communicate with the Payout and Transaction teams to locate deposits Create and provide receipts for deposits Support other departments, when necessary, with month-end procedures Supports completed and accurate bank deposits on a daily basis. Completes daily assessments of progress. High school Diploma/GED required Real Estate back-office and Broker Wolf experience strongly preferred Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational skills Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office/Google Suite Excellent written and verbal communication skills Problem Solving Skills 2+ years in the Customer Service industry 
ScrapedJobID484:
Manage a team of customer support specialists (engineers) in their day to day functions Monitor and escalate case activity to meet customer satisfaction on Time to Response & Time to Resolution Manage end-to-end lifecycle of customer support issues, ensuring resources are allocated correctly according to priority levels Assess support case statistics and report out on key departmental KPIs Formulate and revise internal & external customer support processes & procedures Review & refresh frequency of customer cadence with each assigned CS rep, to review support dashboards, adoption, new feature releases & overall customer status Establishing yourself as a trusted technical advisor with customers to drive continued value of our products & services and prevent attrition Work closely with Account Management and Professional services to identify opportunities for services & new product/modules Establish strong working relationship with product development team Provide coaching and development opportunities to the customer support reps to aid in career progression Customer facing role hence requires exceptional verbal, written, social, presentation, and interpersonal skills Ability to remain highly organized and prioritize customer needs Comfortable interacting at all levels within a customer’s organization, from the VP to production floor supervisor Strong collaboration capability Production monitoring, smart factory or Industry 4.0/IIOT type software experience desirable Knowledge of manufacturing processes in automotive and Consumer Packaged Goods is ideal Experience working with Jira is desirable 2-5 years experience managing a customer support team or similar role Ideal if candidate has prior managerial experience in a SaaS business Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Business or similar Hybrid between 1-2 days at office & rest remote (very flexible) Our office is located in Oakville, ON right across from Bronte GO Station Ability to travel occasionally as required and as travel to customer sites becomes more accessible (less than 20% of time). 
ScrapedJobID485:
Collaborate with Leadership on clearly defining project roadmaps that align with business objective priorities Architect the next phase of PDI’s solution suite, including the analysis, proposal and management of budgets, technologies and resources Onboard and lead a high-performing team that builds the future of self-serve programmatic advertising Lead the development and maintenance of our services and improve their operations Communicate your ideas clearly and effectively and justify your strategic decisions to Leadership to ensure alignment Create highly efficient and productive project schedules and budgets Adjust quickly to changing priorities and manage any resulting complexity Hire, coach and retain high-performing development talent that is as passionate as you Comfortably communicate in both technical and non-technical terms Maintain a constant level of learning that translates into the products you build Bachelor's degree in the Engineering field Experience building, leading and mentoring software development teams Deep knowledge of programming languages, such as Ruby on rails, NodeJS, Python, Go, etc. Thorough understanding of relational databases, including architecture and best practices Experience with cloud infrastructures (AWS, GCP or Azure) Familiarity working with front-end frameworks Knowledge of Agile development process Solid history of producing well-designed and tested software Comfortable architecting solutions from the ground up (and preferably have experience doing so) Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call Weekend availability Bachelor's Degree (required) Project management: 3 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (preferred) AWS: 3 years (preferred) Systems engineering: 3 years (preferred) Relational databases: 3 years (preferred) Management: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID486:
With the support of existing programmers, understand given requirements, write code, pass code reviews, build a test and deployment plan and get your features live! Act upon feedback from stakeholders to refine and hone features Working closely with producers, designers and other programmers in a highly collaborative and agile environment Other ad-hoc projects and/or requirements that may arise Are in 3rd or 4th year in a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent. Are highly motivated with the drive to take on new challenges and problem-solving. Have excellent communication skills, both verbally and written. Up-to-date understanding of the latest mobile gaming trends Passion for mobile free-to-play games Knowledge of object oriented languages (Either C#, and/or JavaScript are a BIG plus) Knowledge of relevant environments (Unity, NodeJS, Google Cloud are a plus) Strong understanding of both relational and non-relational databases is an asset Experience working on game related projects is an asset 
ScrapedJobID487:
5+ years of hands-on software design and coding experience. BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field Experience in Web technologies: HTML, JavaScript, React, CSS, Typescript, Flux, etc. Experience working with multi-tiered applications and micro-services. Understand efficient data structures, object-oriented programming, familiar with algorithms and have an extended track record of shipping large scale software-based services. Strong computer science fundamentals and proven architecture design capability. Proven ability to instrument, profile, debug, and optimize code and resolve complex issues with distributed systems across multiple layers. Excellent technical, cross group collaboration and communication skills. DevOps Experience supporting production systems 
ScrapedJobID488:
Accountable for the successful resolution of Service Requests and incidents Understands the end-to-end technical services including dependent components and infrastructure Identifies opportunities to drive efficiency through automation Drive continuous technical improvement to the service offering Maintains knowledge and understanding of technology trends and identifies opportunities to leverage complementary technologies to drive efficiency. Collaborate with 3rd party service providers, to ensure high quality and successful transition of all service changes While knowing the ins and outs of the latest technology is key, we’re also looking for someone with proven experience in a small to medium sized environment. At least 2-3 year’s experience working on a Service Desk or supporting Windows desktop and Microsoft 365 environments. Experience in Active Directory & Sharepoint would also be an advantage. Technology and delivery, with a strong background in the practical use, support and deployment of technology to operational staff. Working in a challenging, fast-paced environment, you’ll need drive, resilience and versatility. You’ll also be working with people from around the business, including key stakeholders, so a respectful attitude and the ability to build strong relationships is important. 
ScrapedJobID489:
Deep understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Demonstrated experience supporting an engineering team to ship regularly through automation Experience releasing and managing Node.js and JavaScript applications in the cloud Experience in building and maintaining infrastructure and services around AWS Lambda functions, including integration with CDNs etc. Experience in defining infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform to manage cloud resources, accounts, organizations, users in AWS following best practices Experience setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Github Actions, CircleCI, or similar 4+ years of professional software development experience 2+ years of professional experience in cloud infrastructure Architect and build cloud solutions on AWS Build scalable production systems from start to finish; beginning by identifying business needs and taking the project through to its launch, incorporating security, scalability, high availability, monitoring and reporting Communicate architectural concepts to clients and team members alike Use scripting languages such as Bash and Javascript frequently as required Work in a client service role – advocating for the positive long-term impacts of code health and smooth developer experience, while being sensitive to client goals and timelines Grow as an engineer and add to your skillset beyond infrastructure and DevOps Team leadership experience Kubernetes / Docker / Containerization Proficiency in JavaScript Familiarity with GraphQL Open Source contributor Incident management and defining incident response processes (on-call escalation, playbooks/runbooks, postmortems) Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision 16 days of PTO annually in addition to 10 statutory holidays Unlimited sick time Flexible work schedules 40 hour work weeks & no On-Call duty A Home Office Stipend so you can buy a desk, monitor, and more A MacBook Pro, or equivalent Windows or Linux laptop Annual Health & Wellness bonus An encouraging and collaborative culture ...and much more to support your life, both at work and outside of work! 
ScrapedJobID490:
Scales Cloud Foundry foundations for production environment based on usage and growth Assists with upgrades, backup and recovery Supports in monitoring Cloud Foundry installations, manage incidents on the foundation and provide root cause analysis (RCA) Monitors health metrics, upgrade/patch activity, organizational activity, capacity and security information Communicate on general support, troubleshooting and issue escalation Debug and trouble shoot installation and configuration issues Respond to community support issues Understanding of the private and public cloud platforms and providers, such as AWS, GCP, Azure and Cloud Foundry Experience managing high-performance and highly available production systems, including applications, storage and networks Experience with cloud infrastructure (firewalls, load balancers, DNS, DHCP, NAT) and various virtualization technologies Experience configuring and maintaining secure, large-scale, complex, distributed applications or platforms Experience with PCF application deployment, troubleshooting and production support Experience with PCF backup/recovery, upgrades and troubleshooting of applications Experience monitoring PCF and application performance and usage Experience with PCF automation scripts on Concourse Experience with Bosh and shell scripting Strong problem solving, verbal and written communication skills Ability to work on challenging issues independently or in a team environment Ability to learn and adapt quickly to new technologies and environments Exceptional time management and organizational skills 8 hour shift PCF: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID491:
Collaborate closely with Design, Architecture and Product Owners to create the best experience for our customers. Design, develop and build software and optimize their deployment. Create and update data integration, modeling, optimization, data quality, and other areas directly relevant to data engineering Creates and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture Develop RESTful web service & microservices. Implementing unit and integration test cases with the goal to have an 85% code coverage. Select the best technologies and frameworks to create solutions. Contribute with updates to existing systems, including carrying out bug fixes and enhancements to the functionality of existing software. Working with servers and serverless technologies like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Google Cloud Functions, Auth0k. Execute code reviews with team members; offer constructive feedback and advice to team members. 5+ years of Back-end development experience. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related degree. Excellent knowledge and demonstrated experience with Node.js and Typescript. Strong experience API building with REST and Microservices. Experience in building data Pipelines, data management including data integration, modeling, optimization, data quality, and other areas directly relevant to data engineering Excellent knowledge of both NoSQL and Relational Databases Experience working in cloud-based technologies such as AWS and Azure. Python and Angular (Full Stack) will be considered an asset. Good understanding of Machine learning Problem-solving and analytical skills. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Experience with data security will be considered an asset. Knowledge of container-based deployment will be considered an asset. Experience from working in an Agile environment, using DevOps and CI/CD. We offer very attractive salaries The opportunity to own shares in our company through our ESOP program RRSP matching up to 3% A generous vacation program & additional paid time off during the holidays Health, Dental and many additional wellness benefits Flexible work arrangements, allowing you to work from home or the office. Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID492:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID493:
Culture of collaboration: Meet with mentors, make new friends across the globe and create a thriving personal network. Project-driven experience: Gain cross-functional skills from our virtual and in-person learning sessions, diverse subject matter experts, and project deliverables. Gain visibility: With iXp in your title, you’ll have a global network of SAP leaders, entrepreneurs and career development opportunities at your fingertips. Currently enrolled in, or recent graduate of a Computer Science or related degree program Interested in building cloud services in a service mesh architecture using Go, Kotlin, Java, Docker, and Kubernetes Curious enough to want to understand the root cause of each problem Seeking to improve your technical, architecture, leadership, presentation, and teamwork skills Driven to own services end-to-end, including developing code, writing test and deployment automation, and troubleshooting and resolving production problems Experience with Java, C/C++, .NET, Go, Kotlin on Linux, Windows, iOS, Mac OS X or Unix Experience with source control systems such as git Experience automating the testing of end-to-end workflows Basic understanding of web application architectures, including client-side AJAX, HTTP requests, multithreaded servers, databases, containerized deployments, and public cloud infrastructure providers (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) Basic understanding of networking and security: DNS, TCP/IP, ports and addresses, packet/LAN sniffers, XSS, CSRF, encryption, HTTPS, SMTP/POP, etc. Experience with performance monitoring and alerting with the ELK stack and with New Relic Experience releasing software in a continuous or frequent deployment model with zero downtime 
ScrapedJobID494:
Responsible for architecting next-generation, cloud-native products and applications Collaborate with global architects, Canadian Architecture, Operations and Security teams to design, deploy and maintain cloud solutions for KPMG Canada. Collaborating with internal KPMG ITS Audit support team as well as KPMG global audit team to implement, support, manage, administer KPMG audit suite of applications. Provide guidance and input into the application from an infrastructure perspective to leverage cloud native services Collaborate with technical teams on defining cloud architecture standards and best practices, providing consistent recommendations and oversight to team members Understand KPMG’s digital strategy, cloud platform capabilities, IT and business priorities and success measures to design implementation architectures and solutions Ensure that solution exhibits high levels of performance, security, scalability, maintainability, appropriate reusability and reliability upon deployment Develop deep relationships with key customer IT decision makers, who drive long-term Cloud adoption within the firm to enable them to be Cloud advocates Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, related STEM field or work experience 2+ years of architecting and designing Cloud solutions Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert preferred but not required Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as Amazon, Google, IBM, Oracle, and professional services firms would be an asset Development experience, experience with DevOps/Agile, scripting & application architecture Experience engineering\architecting cloud native solutions Strong understanding of Cloud Native Architecture and principles and Infrastructure as Code Hands-on experience in designing and configuring secure and scalable Cloud platforms on Microsoft Azure, including account structure, security and compliance audit, connectivity, shared services etc. Implementation and Maintenance knowledge of Azure PaaS components Databricks, Data factory, Synapse and Kubernetes Services Knowledge of Cloud services: application integration, functions, databases, data warehouse and analytics, serverless computing, machine learning, developer tools, security and identity management Knowledge of and experience in API and Webhook development using PowerShell, Python, Node.js, Ruby, and Shell Scripting languages Knowledge of CI/CD Systems, such as Azure DevOps server and Azure DevOps services Experience in Cloud automation using, Azure CLI, ARM & Terraform to enable Infrastructure as a Code, AWS CLI, Cloud formation, Ansible, etc. Fundamental understanding and experience with DevOps tools and services (Azure DevOps and Github) Experience and knowledge of Operating Systems including Windows and Linux Proven track record in system integration and design and setup of Infrastructure as a service and Platform as a service deployment Confidence and ability to lead discussions with clear goals, deliverables, documented agreements and follow up actions Ability to participate in fast-paced DevOps and System Engineering teams within Scrum Agile processes Significant experience working in Azure. Added experience working with AWS and GCP is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID495:
A Bachelors’ degree in Engineering or Physics with experience in software development Computer Programming Skills: capability to develop test platforms in C#.net. Experience with SQL database management, Matlab is required Experience in semiconductor photonic component characterization, or a combination of industry experience and advanced degree including development of optical component testing capability is highly desirable Prior experience with optical testing instruments and methods for high-speed components and lasers is a plus Prior experience in the development and continual support of semiconductor optical components in a manufacturing environment is desired Must be able to travel (up to 10%) to NeoPhotonics’ global sites at decision or review points and for experimental work needed to execute programs. The ability to secure a passport is required 
ScrapedJobID496:
Coopérer avec les développeurs et les équipes d'infrastructure pour garantir des systèmes de production hautement disponibles et évolutifs. Créer et gérer des systèmes de production hautement disponibles et évolutifs. Gérer les principaux systèmes de production, y compris les modifications et mises à jour fréquentes. Identifier et résoudre rapidement les problèmes dans les systèmes de production. Fournir une assistance en dehors des heures de travail (nuits et week-ends) si nécessaire. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience dans la gestion et la maintenance de serveurs Linux et Windows dans un environnement multiserveur global. 3 ans d'expérience en gestion d'équipe Devops, avec encadrement des objectifs et de l’orientation de l’équipe. Solides connaissances des outils opensource comme Mysql, Zabbix, OpenStack, Ceph, Nomad, Consul, Kubernetes, Vault, Kafka, RabbitMQ, CouchDB. Expérience avec les systèmes d'exploitation Linux et Windows. Expérience avec les fournisseurs et plateformes Cloud, notamment AWS, Azure, Alibaba Expérience dans les scripts Python/Bash, Terraform, Puppet. Expérience professionnelle préalable dans une entreprise Internet/SaaS Personne ingénieuse et curieuse, avec soif d'apprendre et qui aime explorer plus en profondeur les technologies utilisées au quotidien. Volonté et capacité à relever un défi, à résoudre les problèmes de manière indépendante et à faire avancer les choses. 
ScrapedJobID497:
Hands-on design and implementation experience with Cisco UC Manager, Call Manager, Cisco Unity, and Cisco Unity Connection Must have experience in support and configuration of Cisco Contact Center Express (UCCX) Must have excellent customer facing skills, problem solving, troubleshooting skills, and documentation skills Cisco certifications are a plus (CCNP, CCIE) 3+ years’ experience in Cisco VAR or consulting environments Proficiency with Webex Teams, Cloud calling provider integration an asset 
ScrapedJobID498:
Operate and Build Out the TELUS Health Cloud Pipelines in GCP and AWS Create and keep up to date all operational documentation for the Cloud platform services Manage from an operational perspective the Cloud Platform Provide assistance as a senior technical expert to the Cloud Operation’s Team and Application SRE’s Provide guidance and solutions architecture technical experience to teams moving new products into the TELUS Cloud CI/CD Service and Pipeline Building Server Images for consumption within our GCP and AWS Environments Solid understanding of Continuous Delivery principles and tooling Solid understanding of applying Puppet for server configuration management Windows/Linux Puppet expertise to create modules for hardening, base configuration, splunk, datadog, and app deployment) Baking AMI’s In-depth CloudFormation knowledge Solid understanding and experience in configuration management (Puppet) and associated development languages (Java, Python, Ruby) Understanding of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (Atlassian Stack) Application and Security Auditing best practices as part of pipeline deployments Change Control Automation through Pipeline Automation knowledge required Thrives in an agile environments (Understanding of Sprints) Advanced hands-on skills operating in Linux and Windows (Centos/Windows Server 2012+) Advanced hands-on skills in GCP and AWS Platform Advanced hands-on skills in GCP and AWS products and services Knowledgeable in one or more development/scripting languages (Java, Python, Ruby, etc) Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university GCP Certified Professional Cloud Architect AWS Certification 7 to 10 years of progressive IT experience Minimum 5 years of cloud experience 
ScrapedJobID499:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID500:
Assist with the development of formal sales plans and proposals for assigned opportunities. Transfer industry, technical, and product knowledge to customers. Keep up-to-date on relevant competitive solutions, products and services. Provide technical and sales support for accounts in assigned territory. Perform advanced contact center technical presentations for customers, and prospects remotely and in-person. Develop and maintain expert understanding of RingCentral Contact Center applications and products. Representation at conferences, industry, and sales events when requested by department manager. Actively participate as an SME for contact center products and technologies, providing consultative support to other Sales Engineers. Provide direct support for the technical fulfillment of RFI’s, RFQ’s and RFP’s as needed. Ability to provide technical leadership to the account team. Ability to work effectively on a remote basis. Ability to teach other members of the team and act as a mentor as required. Requires an action oriented individual with a very strong initiative to be successful. Willingness to take ownership of accounts and account related actions. Must be able to coordinate across various groups and functional teams. Ability to complete job responsibilities with minimal supervision. Demonstrate ability to implement, drive and track projects Ability to apply solutions, technology and products to a business opportunity. Willingness to travel throughout assigned region. Knowledge and demonstrated operating experience with contact center applications. Understanding of customer communications requirements for contact centers. Experience with RingCentral Contact Center or inContact Contact Center is a plus. Competitive knowledge including solution, technology and product offerings. Understanding and conversant about company, solutions and product strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. Fluent in English (both written and verbal). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent presentation and demonstration skills. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent interpersonal skills and negotiating skills. Demonstrates the ability to excel at understanding and communicating complex technical solutions and issues. 4+ years experience with contact center solutions. Pre-Sales experience required. Strong telecommunications background preferred. RingCentral product experience and/or relevant experience in key competitor offerings in technology area of emphasis are preferred. Some understanding of software development technologies is desirable. Some experience with project management and resource tracking desired. Some experience in Operations, Security, Planning, and Implementation desired. Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance Health Savings Account (HSA), Flexible Spending Account (FSAs) and Commuter Benefits 401K match and ESPP Flexible PTO Wellness programs including 1:1 wellness coaching through TaskHuman and meditation guidance through Headspace Paid parental leave and new parent gift boxes Pet insurance Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with counseling sessions available 24/7 Rocket Lawyer services that provide legal advice, document creation and estate planning Employee bonus referral program 
ScrapedJobID501:
A strong work ethic, and an eagerness to jump in and help fix things Curiosity about how things work and tenacity to learn Self-awareness and a desire to improve your skills Strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and empathy 
ScrapedJobID502:
Test technically complex product features and interactions at the system level Improve product quality and usability by influencing the design and implementation of new features Define and Execute test plans (feature, system, robustness, stress, scaling, performance) Use software brokers in the cloud Engage with developers to investigate, isolate and reproduce defects Develop into a subject matter expert, everyone on the team is vital to success Embrace and adapt to new and emerging technologies B.S degree or higher in Engineering or similar field Knowledge of software quality, testing and reporting methodologies Interested in testing complex software systems Strong analytical skills, excellent problem-solving and debugging skills A positive attitude in the workplace and the ability to drive change Experience with at least one scripting language (eg: TCL, Python, Perl) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ready to roll up your sleeves and get creative Excited about the future of Messaging Passionate about finding defects and making the products even better A dedicated team player who likes to win! Work experience in a technical QA role (including co-op) Experience with at least one cloud computing platform (eg: AWS, Azure, GCP, PCF) Familiar with cloud and orchestration technologies (Kubernetes/OpenShift) Experience designing and implementing test scripts, tools and systems Knowledge of Linux operating systems 
ScrapedJobID503:
We offer excellent compensation packages with market competitive pay, comprehensive healthcare packages, schedule flexibility, work from home opportunities, paid time off, and organizational growth potential. Grow at your own pace through online courses at Learning @ Equifax. Management of the Cloud, GKE & Server infrastructure for Equifax Canada IT Operations. Provide Support for Platform/Cloud, HA and DR technologies and Provide Support for Platform/Orchestration and Automation technologies Engage with EFX Global Platform Services to transition the infrastructure operational support functions to Canada alongside the service management teams and to discuss service issues, new initiatives and architectural improvements Ensuring engineering team focus on proactively managing the infrastructure issues, delivering quality of care, good communication and customer focus. Proactive engagement with other Equifax Team Leads across Infrastructure, Service Management, Projects and other areas to ensure an effective joined up service. Develop and implement infrastructure documents, automated scripts, Infrastructure as Code (IAC) and configuration profiles Cloud/Compute - On call operational support- 24/7 support by rota 5 years+ proven experience and knowledge in Cloud technologies experience – AWS/ GCP, (with expert Knowledge onGCP & GKE services) Kubernetes and Operating Systems like Redhat/Suse/CentOS, Solaris, Windows and Virtualisation Technology: Hyper V, KVM, VMware Experience with DNS, DHCP, Katello, LDAP, SSL, SSH, routing, Firewalls and Experience administrating, building and maintaining Linux and Windows server infrastructure Knowledge on Highly available, resilient enterprise server infrastructure,Automation and scripting – Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Terraform and experienced in CI/CD Pipelines Automation & scripting skills, knowledge on Patching, vulnerability management & troubleshooting Experience of working with incident, problem and change management processes. and Cross-functional infrastructure experience with Systems, Storage and Networking Excellent communication skills Ability and experience of working with leaders across len\vels Accountability Curiosity Collaboration Think and act differently Trust Ownership 
ScrapedJobID504:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID505:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID506:

ScrapedJobID507:
Partnering with the Product Infrastructure Engineering teams on security and privacy initiatives, leading security design reviews, and threat modeling. Collaborating with other Security and Engineering teams to improve visibility of cloud resources. Performing assessments of cloud infrastructure supporting our product offerings and partner apps, including SaaS and PaaS. Researching new attack vectors and techniques relevant to our space and present findings to both internal and external audiences. Researching known vulnerabilities and collaborate with engineers on the best ways to mitigate and reduce risk. Participating in our incident response and vulnerability remediation efforts. Evaluating external tooling, develop new automation and tooling. Partnering with Product Infrastructure Engineering on evolving the CI/CD pipeline to meet modern security threats and risks. Developing secure baselines and standards for cloud based infrastructure and train engineering teams on their usage. Helping to rapidly scale our team. As a member of the security team, you'll be an integral part of how we mature our own tooling, best practices, engineering processes, and hiring. 5-10+ years in a security engineering role with experience in cloud security reviews and ideally threat modeling experience Strong communicator with the ability to translate technical security requirements and risks into terms that anyone can understand In-depth knowledge of AWS cloud infrastructure, docker and it’s associated security suites (e.g., IAM, GuardDuty, Inspector, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, etc.) Terraform and/or CloudFormation experience Relevant development experience in at least one scripting language, preferably Python Experience with vulnerability management and risk assessment processes Technical leadership skills; you enjoy being a tech lead, mentoring technologists, evangelizing security and privacy Comfortable with complexity in the short term but can build towards simplicity in the long term Admit mistakes and shortcomings Deliver results Disagree and commit Obsess over customers Rely on work ethic Show empathy Recruit and develop the best Sweat the details Think and communicate clearly Unite around the mission Work with a talented yet humble team Competitive compensation & equity package Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats 401k, Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US Employees Only) Monthly health & wellness stipend Yearly educational stipend Flexible & Generous Vacation Policy: If you feel you need a break, you can talk directly with your manager to find coverage and support while you are out of the office. Need time off to vote? We've got you covered. Quarterly company-wide mental health days off Holiday Shut-down: company-wide holiday shut-down between Christmas Eve and New Years Major US and EMEA holidays observed To support remote work conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000(USD) upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment. 
ScrapedJobID508:
Responsible for automation/configuration management of all development, staging, and production environments as well as the automation of continuous integration and continuous delivery Design, build and optimize automation systems that operate web and cloud-based platforms Develops self-service solutions to support the delivery of software with great speed, security, reliability, and quality Keep up with industry best practices and trends on DevOps, and drive implementation of best practices Research, onboard, and contract negotiations of appropriate technology tools and services Collaborate with developers on software requirements Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostics tests Managing the installation and configuration of various solutions Configuration of data pipelines 4+ year’s experience in any of the following, DevOps, Continuous Integration Role, Full Stack Developer Hands-on experience with Cloud automation, Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration (CI) Strong experience using Linux/Unix Distributions like Ubuntu Advanced knowledge of programming languages and frameworks such as Python Django/Flask Significant experience with AWS Ability to pay attention to details Advance knowledge of monitoring tools like Grafana Solid understanding of relevant networking concepts like DNS, Reverse Proxies, CDNs, Domains etc.. Advanced knowledge of web server software such as Apache/NGINX Solid experience building serverless applications using AWS Lambda Experience in managing and automating infrastructure An understanding of Distributed Systems and Scalable Architectures Ability to install and configure software, gather test-stage data and perform debugging Ability to read, write and debug code Experience with orchestration tools such as Jenkins/Travis Strong programming and analytical experience with a variety of automation tools Advance experience with Postgres, TimescaleDB Benefits: Parity offers a comprehensive health benefit package - health is wealth! Wellness programs: This year we launched a partnership with Fitness Bound. Every week we offer a virtual HIIT or Yoga class.
In addition to a competitive vacation package we also offer an additional 10 days of PTO: sick/personal days In addition to a competitive vacation package we also offer an additional 10 days of PTO: sick/personal days Purpose and Impact: We hire top talent that cares about the social impact and vision, to help make urban living sustainable. It really makes a difference to work alongside a group of individuals who are all dedicated and passionate about creating positive change. Training and development: Each employee has a $1,000 training allowance that can be used however they like, as long as it supports their role or growth within the company. Employee Options: Every single employee in the company has the opportunity to participate in our equity incentive plan 
ScrapedJobID509:
Partner with architecture and other senior leads to address the data needs of our rapidly-growing business Join a group of passionate people committed to delivering “happiness” to our users and to each other Partner with data scientists, finance, accounting and other product teams to build and deploy data products Build custom integrations between cloud-based systems using APIs Write complex and efficient code to transform raw data sources into easily accessible models by coding across several languages such as Python or SQL Design, build, and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics to the team Build data expertise and own data quality for the pipelines you create Bachelor's/Master's degree in Computer Science, Management of Information Systems, or equivalent Three or more years of relevant BI or Data Engineering experience (SQL and Python) in a data-focused role Passion for creating data infrastructure technologies from scratch using the right tools for the job Experience in solving complex data processing and storage challenges through scalable, fault-tolerant architecture Experience in designing and building highly scalable and reliable data pipelines using (Airflow, Python, Redshift/Snowflake). Software development experience with proficiency in Python or another language. Passionate about data engineering, analytics, distributed systems and solving complex data problems. Prior experience in revenue analytics and building SOX compliant systems is a plus Prior experience shipping scalable data solutions in the cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) and database technologies such as Snowflake, Redshift, SQL/NoSQL and or columnar databases Hear from our leadership team Browse Awards and Employee Reviews on Comparably Visit our Blog Zoom with us! Find us on social at the links below and on Instagram 
ScrapedJobID510:
The primary focus of this position is to provide development, best practices, and support expertise for the existing WestJet’s Data operations; including data warehousing, transformations, dashboards, scorecards, and other BI solution components that exist within the organization. Select and integrate any Data Engineering tools and frameworks required to provide requested capabilities Provide a research and development capability for WestJet to aid in the investigation, research, and introduction of new technologies. Promote policy and best practices across software development. Provide a physical implementation of the best practice across the areas of responsibilities. Collaborate with the Data, BI, and Architecture teams to improve consistency Participate in technology selection and architecture review to ensure minimized downtime Encourage and enforce best practices to enable rapid new feature development while maintaining multiple functioning capabilities Provide technical guidance and business intelligence know-how in addressing business needs. Implement ETL process for both streaming and batch data Monitor performance and advice on any necessary infrastructure changes Test developed components including ensuring conformance to security requirements. Provide support to other team members and business power users. You actively strive for “software craftsmanship” and take pride in inspiring and motivating those around you. Bachelors degree in computer science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics or related field. 5 years of Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence experience in a project environment. 3+ years of demonstrated data engineering and/or data streaming development experience. Experience with Azure and/or AWS data cloud solutions. Experience working in very large data warehouse environments. Experience in designing and delivering cross-functional custom reporting solutions. Experience with R, Python, Weka, SAS, Matlab, or other statistical/machine learning software. Be proficient in using Python, Java & SQL. Experience integrating with Advanced Analytic teams a plus (Integrate BI Solutions with Machine Learning/Predictive processing solutions). Deep hands on experience with BI and data processing; having participated in the full lifecycle of activities. Comprehensive understanding of BI and Data Warehouse design principles, techniques, and standards (e.g. Dimensional modelling, Data Vault, etc). Strong data related analytical, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills. Experience delivering custom solutions using the Scrum delivery methodology. Strong ability to develop meaningful, repeatable, and consistent quality checks throughout the development process. Proven experience in database design, development of data schemas, data curation & data wrangling ability from a variety of structured or unstructured sources. Strong ability to understand analytic specifications, translate specifications into visualizations and/or underlying code. Working knowledge of statistics. Working knowledge of Business Intelligence (BI) concepts. Must have experience in data analysis and data mining. Able to independently design, visualize and implement data visualization solutions using data visualization best practices. A work ethic based on a strong desire to exceed expectations. Proven ability to meet tight deadlines, multi-task, and prioritize workload. Experience delivering custom solutions using the Agile delivery methodology. Experience with reporting tools – ie: Cognos, Tableau, Power BI. Excellent oral and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Skilled in data modeling. Ability to proficiently deal with multiple competing priorities. Strong critical thinker with an aptitude for problem solving. A fun and friendly culture with colleagues who work together to win Travel privileges for you and your family, effective from your start date Savings and Benefit programs that are flexible to meet your specific needs 
ScrapedJobID511:
Scales Cloud Foundry foundations for production environment based on usage and growth Assists with upgrades, backup and recovery Supports in monitoring Cloud Foundry installations, manage incidents on the foundation and provide root cause analysis (RCA) Monitors health metrics, upgrade/patch activity, organizational activity, capacity and security information Communicate on general support, troubleshooting and issue escalation Debug and trouble shoot installation and configuration issues Respond to community support issues Understanding of the private and public cloud platforms and providers, such as AWS, GCP, Azure and Cloud Foundry Experience managing high-performance and highly available production systems, including applications, storage and networks Experience with cloud infrastructure (firewalls, load balancers, DNS, DHCP, NAT) and various virtualization technologies Experience configuring and maintaining secure, large-scale, complex, distributed applications or platforms Experience with PCF application deployment, troubleshooting and production support Experience with PCF backup/recovery, upgrades and troubleshooting of applications Experience monitoring PCF and application performance and usage Experience with PCF automation scripts on Concourse Experience with Bosh and shell scripting Strong problem solving, verbal and written communication skills Ability to work on challenging issues independently or in a team environment Ability to learn and adapt quickly to new technologies and environments Exceptional time management and organizational skills 8 hour shift PCF: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID512:
Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday Overtime Ancaster, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) server virtualization: 3 years (preferred) Microsoft Server: 3 years (preferred) physical hardware: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID513:
Work with cutting edge infrastructure tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm, and Istio Accelerate development across the company with faster, safer, and more frequent deploys Meaningfully improve developer happiness and productivity across the company with better development tools and workflows Contribute directly to the bottom line with cost savings initiatives and optimizations Catch errors and performance issues early with automated monitoring and alerting Maintain and improve security across our infrastructure including firewall rules, access control, audit logging, and disaster recovery. Amazon Web Services Kubernetes (Elastic Kubernetes Service) Infrastructure as Code in Terraform and Helm Datadog and Opsgenie for logging, monitoring, and alerting Postgres for storage and Redis for caching Gitlab for version control and CI/CD Python, Bash, and Docker for local development workflows and CI/CD jobs Tens of containerized microservices running our application code, written in Python and/or JS You have 1+ years experience in a devops or infrastructure role, and 2+ years of software dev experience overall You have experience and comfort with POSIX-based operating systems You have experience with operating a Kubernetes cluster in production You have experience with Infrastructure as Code tools such as Helm and Terraform or their substitutes You understand how networked services in the cloud work: VPC, IP, TCP, DNS, HTTP, etc. You abhor repetitive manual processes and are excited to automate them away You have a sixth sense for spotting waste (in money, time, CPU cycles) and eliminating it You learn quickly, regardless of the languages and technologies used You are a strong communicator You are looking forward to working in a fast-paced startup environment 
ScrapedJobID514:
You will collaborate extensively with other engineers to build tools and systems that support our services and allow engineers to deliver high quality software. You will produce high-quality maintainable code, test it, collaboratively review it and ship it. You will identify areas to improve and scale our infrastructure. You will develop tools and utilities to diagnose and fix problems. Ensure proper technical design and documentation. Work efficiently in a constantly changing and growing environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are desired. Bachelor's/Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related field. 3+ years of experience in cloud-based systems. Strong computer science fundamentals: networking, databases, and distributed systems. Hands-on experience with container orchestration systems such as Kubernetes. Fluent in at least one language: Python, Ruby, or Go. Experience with Infrastructure As Code (e.g. Terraform, Ansible, Chef). Experience with logging, monitoring and alerting systems and tools. Good understanding of information security best practices. Enjoy solving problems and helping others meet their goals. Competitive salary and meaningful equity Employer-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance $1200 USD a year in Turo credit to book cars from the Turo platform $600 USD annual stipend to be used toward purchases from 130+ best in class vendors (and growing) for travel, entertainment, food, family and wellbeing (think Netflix, Doordash, Ancestry.com, etc.) Employer-paid medical, dental, vision insurance, and RRSP Flexible PTO, 9 paid holidays, paid volunteer time off, and paid parental leave $1500 USD Turo host matching and $1000 USD vehicle reimbursement program $2000 USD per year professional development allowance 
ScrapedJobID515:
Manage and oversee AWS infrastructure Automate and manage code deployments (release management) Develop continuous integration and continuous delivery solutions in a cloud-based Linux environment Establish and maintain system monitoring solutions Establish best practices for software and database release processes Leverage cloud-based features like auto-scaling to streamline operational processes Document system configuration and deployment procedures Keep up-to-date with latest developments and techniques in the rapidly changing devops field 5+ years of experience in Amazon Web Services including but not limited to EC2, EB, ELB, VPC, RDS, S3 and Auto-Scaling. 3+ years of experience with a Continuous Integration environment like Jenkins Proficiency in managing Kubernetes clusters deploying docker applications Experience using Terraform Proficiency in at least one programming language usable for system management and scripting (Bash scripts, Python, etc) Experience managing relational and NoSQL databases like MongoDB and postgres Proficiency in the configuration and administration of Linux-based systems Experience with a configuration and automation management tool like Chef, Puppet, or equivalent Solid understanding of standard networking technologies and network security Familiarity with SOA and modern web & mobile application server architectures Experience with a programming language used for application development like Python, NodeJS, Swift, .NET, Ruby, etc. Enthusiasm for open-source tools and solutions Prior experience in a startup environment Are passionate about building amazing products Are open to suggestions, collaborative, and thrive in team environments Love and are willing to learn new technologies and styles Are scrappy, entrepreneurial with the ability to turnaround high-quality projects quickly without depending on a large team HOMER offers competitive compensation including equity and full benefits. Smart, passionate, and engaged co-workers. Excellent top-tier Medical/Dental/Vision benefits The chance to have a big impact, quickly The rare opportunity to make a dent in the universe. We're bringing a love of reading and learning to children globally! 
ScrapedJobID516:
Working closely with development teams across Parallel Domain, building out the infrastructure behind all our products. Implement and improve observability tooling: logs, metrics and alerts. Be responsible for system scalability, reliability, and efficiency of our data generation pipelines and public APIs. Maintain the operation of Kubernetes clusters, installing add-ons and patching open-source software where needed. Track and improve internal service levels and cost metrics. You’re energized by placing remarkable technology into the hands of customers and solving problems to meet business needs. You are comfortable working with dynamically scaling, fast changing systems, with complex interactions. You like to dive into code and solve the root cause of problems, no matter where in the system they originate. You’re enthusiastic about automating manual tasks to eliminate toil and you are sympathetic to user pain. Experience managing cloud infrastructure with declarative Infrastructure as Code tools such as Terraform. Experience designing Prometheus and Elasticsearch metrics, logs, and alerting, to debug a large running system. Experience deploying and maintaining Kubernetes clusters, and developing and managing deployments with Helm. Experience with SQL database management, and automation of related tasks. Comfortable working with Python, or other scripted programming languages, for task automation. Background in Windows & Linux systems administration. Competitive compensation Medical, dental, and vision benefits Paid vacation, sick time, and 11 holidays per year 401(k) plan (non-matching) Paid parental leave Equipment budget to optimize your setup Annual learning and development stipend 
ScrapedJobID517:
The CIC NS is one of IBM’s highest performing delivery centres worldwide – for retention, client satisfaction and utilization. Our employees are empowered to stay and grow within IBM. We are very focused on continuous skill development – staff training is our third largest annual Centre investment. Employees are immersed in a culture of learning and constant growth Investment in key partnership with universities, government and private sector groups which has resulted in IBM having a key influencing role in Nova Scotia’s ICT industry, especially in talent development. Object oriented programming with Python Scaling the code for an existing model Deploying the scaled model into production Identify model drifting and how to retrain a drifted model in production Creating CI/CD pipelines to automatically deploy the trained/retrained models into production Ability to work independently on tasks and deliver with a high-level of quality; Ability to work in teams and be open to comments and feedback; Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to a fast-paced environment; Data processing, data design and modeling, deploying the model Proficiency in English both verbal and written) an asset Proficiency with a deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or Keras Proficiency with Python and basic libraries for machine learning such as scikit-learn and pandas Expertise in visualizing and manipulating big datasets Knowledge of Kubernetes and containerization Participate in teams working in an Agile/Scrum or Waterfall process and ensure the stories/tasks are well defined and have all the information and tools to be successful; Work with the Project Manager and project stakeholders to ensure we meet our commitments; 
ScrapedJobID518:
Research, design, implement and support enterprise network solutions and products Work closely with various teams to identify, troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve network software and hardware related issues as they arise Collaborate with various teams to identify opportunities for improved service, efficiency, security, resiliency and automation Contribute to the backup/recovery of F5 Big-IPs, routers, switches and firewalls Contribute to the security of network and data resources Create and maintain network topology diagrams and other technical documentation Clearly communicate and present technical information to both technical and non-technical groups Work with vendors and resellers to purchase new hardware and software as well as ensure support renewals are kept up-to-date Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in a Network Specialist capacity CCNA/CCNP required Experience with enterprise network architecture planning, design, and implementation Hands-on experience configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and supporting firewalls (Fortinet and Cisco) Hands-on experience configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and supporting routers and switches (IOS and NX-OS) Strong experience configuring and managing F5 Big-IPs (LTM, APM, iRules) Strong experience performing major network changes in a high-availability production environment Experience with SNMP and network monitoring tools Experience with device configuration backup tools Strong oral and written communication skills Highly motivated self-starter with a logical approach to problem-solving and attention to detail Proficient in balancing and prioritizing ongoing projects and tasks in conjunction with managing daily operational issues and requests Ability to work collaboratively in a team as well as independently in an effective and organized manner within a complex and fast-paced environment Ability to take on internal operational initiatives as the owner and coordinator for projects and large-scale items A positive attitude for continuous learning and the ability to stay focused under pressure Masters degree in network-related field Other relevant industry certifications such as CCIE, cloud and Microsoft certifications Knowledge of IPSec VPN implementation, operation and troubleshooting Experience with IDS/IPS solutions Knowledge of logging and SIEM tools Experience with AWS/Azure cloud environments Experience with Meraki firewalls, switches and wireless access points 
ScrapedJobID519:
Design and develop proof of concept applications in the ad block recovery space. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems using JavaScript and modern frameworks. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, automation of testing and deployment of frontend code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner. 2-3 years of experience working in a professional environment with full stack development. BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or other related technical field or equivalent work experience. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Self starter, comfortable working with different technologies (Front end and Server code, Databases, frameworks etc). 
ScrapedJobID520:
Architect and implement IAM best practices that enable engineers to move quickly while ensuring security, compliance, and auditing requirements are met. Collaborate with engineering teams to ensure secure infrastructure architecture. Respond to alerts for security systems such as firewalls, IPS/IDS, SIEM, EDR, WAF, threat and vulnerability management tools working with teams to understand and remediate security vulnerabilities. Design and implement threat detection and threat prevention across a multi-account, multi-region AWS setup. Provide subject matter expertise on information security architecture and systems engineering to other IT and business teams. Build a single pane of glass to aggregate security and vulnerability scans from multiple sources. Automate security controls, data access patterns, and processes to provide improved metrics and operational support for engineering teams. Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation and assist in resolving issues outside normal business hours. Engineering Bachelor’s degree. 3+ years of relevant industry experience. Ability to deploy, configure, and utilize monitoring and threat detection services, such as Guard Duty, Cloud Custodian, Control Tower, Security Hub, etc Experience implementing security controls for AWS environments, including setup and management of authentication controls, VPNs, KMS, AWS network controls, and configuration, etc. Strong development skills in any modern programming language. Strong experience with AWS security best practices, especially the Well-Architected Framework with emphasis on the security pillar. Skilled at containerizing applications with Docker or similar technology. Ability to create, manage, and deploy infrastructure-as-code using Terraform or CloudFormation. Skilled at communicating technical concepts to peers and non-technical persons respectfully and clearly. Strong knowledge of Linux-based operating systems and security fundamentals. Skilled at implementing secure, public-facing AWS Cloud-based systems. Ability to securely configure and manage AWS services such as CloudFront, IAM, Route 53, S3, RDS, et al. Remote Option is available, and the ideal candidate will work in the Eastern or Central US Time Zones to support the business 
ScrapedJobID521:
Resolving client's technical issues Help companies create their applications and programs Advising the best solutions to reach their objectives Development and improvement of platforms Trainings and meetings with client Strong knowledge of Linux/UNIX Strong understanding of administration (user accounts, permission models, access control) Strong knowledge of networking (NAT, DNS, firewalls, routing, load balancing, etc.) TCP/IP protocol knowledge, troubleshooting of reachability, latency and throughput issues Familiarity troubleshooting Linux performance (CPU, memory, I/O) and familiarity with common Linux troubleshooting tools (vmstat, iostat, lsof, strace, etc.) Demonstrate comprehensive troubleshooting tactics Resourcefulness and strong research skills Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills Familiarity with VPN and Virtual Private Clouds Experience with virtual machines (Google Compute Engine, VMware, Amazon EC2, etc.) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes Experience with Shell Scripting Familiarity with web and mail protocols (HTTP, TLS, SMTP, etc.) Familiarity with modern API technologies (OAuth, HTTP RPCs, REST) Temporarily due to COVID-19 Dental care Extended health care 8 hour shift How many years of experience in Linux System & Windows server administration? How many years of experience with networking? How many years of experience with TCP/IP protocol knowledge? How many years of experience do you have understanding and identifying issues from reading product logs? How many years of experience with VPN and Virtual Private Clouds? 
ScrapedJobID522:
Être responsable de l'infrastructure interne en l'améliorant et la maintenant. Travaillez en étroite collaboration avec le département TI Construire, maintenir et améliorer les pipelines CI/CD. Aidez à automatiser les tâches manuelles et répétitives Travaillez en étroite collaboration avec plusieurs départements et équipes afin d'automatiser le déploiement et résoudre les problèmes. Aidez à améliorer notre processus de livraison dans le cloud et en premise (QA, dev, staging et production). Contribuer au provisionnement des environnements cloud et premise. Participer à la coordination des versions trimestrielles avec les différentes équipes et départements. Diffuser la philosophie DevOps au sein des différentes équipes. Sensibiliser l'équipe à la sécurité à travers tous les processus de développement. Construire et maintenir des outils internes pour faciliter le quotidien de l'équipe. De solides compétences en matière d'analyse et de débogage De solides compétences en communication et un esprit d'équipe Maîtrise des scripts (Bash ou PowerShell) Expérience avec Azure DevOps ou tout autre outil connexe. Expérience dans la construction de pipelines CI/CD (YAML) Expérience avec Git et le flux Git Expérience avec les conteneurs (Docker) Expérience en déploiement et gestion de VM et en préparation d'images/snapshots de VM Expérience en déploiement d'applications .Net sur Microsoft Azure. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles Connaissance des serveurs web : IIS ou Nginx ou Apache Expérience avec les outils d'analyse de code source et outils DevSecOps comme: SonarQube, WhiteSource, ect. Expérience avec Ansible Expérience avec IaC (Terraform ou Pulumi) Connaissance des frameworks BDD (Specflow) Take responsibility of the internal infrastructure by enhancing and maintaining it. Work closely with the IT department Build, maintain and improve CI/CD pipelines Help automate manual and repetitive tasks Work closely with several departments and teams in order to automate the deployment and address pain points Help improving our delivery process in the cloud and on premise (QA, dev, staging and production) Help provisioning cloud and on-premises environments Participate in coordinating quarterly releases with different teams and departments Spread the DevOps philosophy throughout the different teams Educate the team about security through all development processes Build and maintain internal tools to empower the team Strong analytical and debugging skills Strong communication skills and team player Fluent in scripting (Bash or PowerShell) Experience with Azure DevOps or any other related tool Experience building CI/CD pipelines (YAML) Experience with Git and Git flow Experience with containers (Docker) Experience with deploying and managing VMs and preparing VM images/snapshots Experience with deploying .Net cloud application on Microsoft Azure Experience with relational databases Knowledge of web servers: IIS or Nginx or Apache Experience with Source Code Analysis Tools and DevSecOps tools such as: SonarQube, WhiteSource, ect.. Experience with Ansible Experience with IaC (Terraform or Pulumi) Knowledge of BDD frameworks (Specflow) 
ScrapedJobID523:
Own all Nevvon’s DevOps procedures and methodologies Work with the CTO to design, architect and implement solutions Design, implement and document Nevvon’s cloud infrastructure Design and implement moving additional services and workloads to AWS products Bring our CI/CD solutions to the next level Automate procedures, scripts, reports Take on coding task in our backend and integrations environments Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science. 3+ years experience and excellent knowledge of AWS ecosystem – Must (AWS Certification big plus) 3+ years experience with Linux – a must, and with containers technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes – a plus 2+ years experience of coding in Python or similar Good understanding of CI/CD processes and solutions Experience with web-server frameworks, such as Flask or Django – a big plus Proficiency with additional web backend environments – such as Java / Scala / Node.js / .NET – a plus Experienced with SQL databases, and MySQL in particular Team player with good communication skills, and fun to work with. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Linux: 3 years (required) Python: 3 years (required) AWS: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID524:
work with a very large team that is developing a custom Customer Solutions Delivery Platform which will be used by BELL/Telus/Rogers and other clients Develop key components of the system with DevOps/Kubernetes technology Integration and deployment of Kubernetes using CD tools Creating CI/CD pipelines Working with Ansible to perform multi-stage workflows developing agnostic scripts for multi-cloud work with current DevOps and Development teams to create a top notch final product understanding of Kubernetes resources like deployments, ingress, services, pods and containers Configuration of Kubernetes with Kubespray , Kops, Kubeadm or Ansible Creating Custom Resource Definitions with Kubernetes Configu In depth understanding of Docker containers. Microservice management in Kubernetes using Helm. Writing Ansible / Chef/ Puppet / Python / Bash scripts to automate infrastructure. CI / CD knowledge & experience Familiarity with GitOps 
ScrapedJobID525:
Manage relationships and coordinate work between different teams at different locations Grow and introduce improvements to a multi-team multi-technology build/install/test continuous delivery infrastructure with focus on automation Automate configuration management and infrastructure deployment using cloud technologies where applicable. Research new software development and configuration management methodologies and technologies and analyzes their application to current configuration management needs Encourage and improve our DevOps culture. Actively participates in strategic level planning for future initiatives and multiple product releases Develop scripts and automation tools used to build, integrate, and deploy software releases to various platforms Take ownership where necessary to troubleshoot and resolve any tooling issue or help find the appropriate team to do so. Document existing and newly designed CI/CD processes and procedures Proactively identify and mitigate risks to the release cycle Experience with Docker containers, specifically Kubernetes, AWS EKS and ECS Experience with cloud hosting, specifically Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, ELB, CloudFront, etc.) Experience with Infrastructure-as-code like Terraform or Cloudformation Strong programming and scripting skills (C#, PowerShell, nodeJS, golang) Experience on both Windows and Linux systems Experience in Web technologies (IIS, .NET, Html, JavaScript, Json) Preferred if experienced in key infrastructural tools and platforms like Nginx, Chef, ELK etc. Experience with source code management tools (Git preferred) Worked with web based SaaS solutions in continuous delivery and agile work environments Familiarity with TDD - Test Driven Development. Excellent interpersonal verbal and written communication skills Demonstrate a high degree of integrity and trust along with the ability to work independently 
ScrapedJobID526:
Experience in Python – Advance Python Skills, Pam, Reduce, Filter, Zip, Lambda Functions, List, Dictionary Experience in Data Science Libraries – NUMPY, Pandas, RE and Datetime Experience working with Google Cloud, GCP, Parsers, Doc AI etc. Experience in using machine learning tools to train and evaluate natural language processing models Experience working with dataset labelers to prepare labeled datasets for model training and testing Familiarity with AutoML-like tools for model development Familiarity with OCR and NLP Entity Extraction technologies to process Familiarity with ML metrics (F1 score, precision, recall, etc) to evaluate model performance Experience in Evaluation Metrices like R squared, Classification – Confusion matrix, Accuracy, Precision Familiarity with Statistics Techniques like Hypothesis Testing He or she should be able to Collect training datasets from customers Should be able to create document labeling instructions for labelers to label documents / templates for each document type Monitor quality of labeled datasets and resend if required for corrections Run model training and eval runs iteratively, to improve the accuracy of extraction models. 
ScrapedJobID527:
Degree in Computer Science or related field 1+ years of work experience Proficient in React, ReactNative, Node.js, SQL Strong analytical and communication skills Familiarity with both back-end and front-end technologies. Ability to apply design patterns and develop intuitive modular code Able to build elegant, maintainable, and scalable solutions to complex problems 3+ years of work experience Experience with microservices architecture and queues Experience with cloud services i.e. AWS. Experience with mobile SDKs, Expo SDK and tools Proficient in Apollo/GraphQL Knowledge of microservice architecture We're looking for developers who take pride in their code rather than the frameworks they know (although good Devs know the right frameworks). Those who don't settle. They are brave enough to dream big and work hard to achieve it. Develop and optimize Kora's mobile & web apps and the backend. Manage integration with 3rd party API Work on a cross-functional team of engineers, designers and product managers Participate in the design and development of Kora's next-generation products Participate in restructuring Kora's next-generation software architecture and tech stack Building complex and scalable solutions 80K to 100K CAD/year Health spendings Potential stock options Work/Life Flexibility New MacBook Provided Education Credit Be part of a great mission! 
ScrapedJobID528:
4+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 3+ years of programming experience with at least one language such as Python, Java, Go, Typescript, Ruby, to build reusable tools 2+ years of experience in systems engineering, site reliability of building and operating systems at scale 2+ years of experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Engineering experience Experience managing scaled cloud systems with a focus on operational excellence Experience working with high-availability, distributed systems and services 
ScrapedJobID529:
Maintaining our infrastructure Pushing code to our clients faster Support the team to deliver higher quality software, and deliver more frequently Helping our developers to be more efficient Monitoring our server so that we can minimize downtime Scaling our infrastructure BS/MS in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent 2+ years of experience supporting mission critical production applications Experience with building, deploying and scaling out SaaS/cloud applications on Azure, Alibaba Cloud or AWS Experience with automation tools such as Octopus Deploy, Ansible, Chef, Puppet Experience with scripting languages such as PowerShell, Bash, Shell Some knowledge of .NET, C#, Java or C++ Experience with maintaining applications in Windows and Linux environments Experience with mobile application deployments (HockeyApp, App Center, fastlane or other) Company relocation benefits will not be provided for this position. Candidates need to live within the territory or within commuting distance to this location Entretenir notre infrastructure Accélérer la transmission du code vers nos clients Aider l’équipe à fournir des logiciels de meilleure qualité et à accélérer la cadence de livraisons Aider nos développeurs à être plus efficaces Surveiller notre serveur afin que nous puissions minimiser les périodes d’indisponibilité Faire évoluer notre infrastructure Baccalauréat/maîtrise en informatique ou en systèmes d’information, ou une formation équivalente Au moins 2 années d’expérience en soutien aux applications de production Expérience en conception, déploiement et mise à l’échelle d’applications de logiciels-services/infonuagiques sur AWS, Azure ou Alibaba Cloud Compréhension de Docker et des outils d’orchestration des conteneurs comme Docker Swarm, Kubernetes et Service Fabric Expérience avec des outils d’automatisation comme Octopus Deploy, Ansible, Chef, Puppet Expérience en intégration continue au moyen de Jenkins, de GitLab CI, de Travis CI ou d’un autre outil d’intégration continue Bilinguisme (anglais et français); excellentes habiletés en communication écrite et orale Expérience en contrôle de code source Git, GitFlow, requêtes de fusion, etc. Expérience avec les langages de script comme PowerShell, Bash, Shell Expérience en surveillance d’applications, de la performance et de la sécurité Connaissance des protocoles de sécurité et des systèmes de gestion des identités relatifs aux applications comme Active Directory (AD), LDAP, SAML, OAuth, SSO, Okta Expérience en maintenance d’applications dans les environnements Windows et Linux Expérience en déploiement d’applications mobiles (HockeyApp, App Center, Fastlane ou autre) Connaissance en réseaux IP, sécurité des réseaux, équilibrage de charge, coupe-feu et atténuation des attaques par déni de service Expérience en collecte et analyse de journaux et de mesures (Elastic Stack, Kibana, InfluxDB, Prometheus ou autre) Le poste est situé à Montréal, au Québec 
ScrapedJobID530:

ScrapedJobID531:
8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID532:
Automation engineer or SDET with Google Cloud Platform knowledge/experience. Selenium and API (Preferably Karate Framework) with 5 years of experience Experience in DevOps CI/CD pipeline process using GIT, Nexus, Jenkins job creation, Maven build Experience with developing functional & non-functional test plans/test cases Experience with developing UI and API test plan/test cases and automation test scripts Experience with executing both manual and automation testing Experience with maintaining & developing automation test scripts (follow GCP guideline) Able to maintain automation test scripts in collaboration with DevOps and scrum Full-stack/technical team (TA/SA/DA) Experience with DevOps practices Experience with Karate automated testing framework Experience with TELUS server/system infra. And be able to debug & troubleshooting issues. Experience with QA Cloud Automation Operation Experience with any open-source tool (ie. Selenium) that is used for automating the tests carried out on Web browsers. (please check what tool TELUS use for GCP testing tool) It’s an asset that QAs have GCP / Cloud QA engineering certification, understanding GCP Knowledge of HTTP/HTTPS Experience with MicroServices testing Capability to prioritize multi-tasks in order to meet deadlines Been able to communicate (be communicative)/good communication skillset Analytical mindset and ability to triage problem….. Ability to document clearly and research purposefully Been able to review business and technical requirements for QA development/strategies Experience with Agile scrum/methodology. 
ScrapedJobID533:
You will collaborate across functions such as analytics, product, and operations to understand their data Using that insight, you will write the data transformation code in ELT pipelines to integrate that data into our data warehouse for consumption by the reporting and data analytics functions Working with other data engineers you will create and populate the data models for downstream consumption and write tests to ensure data quality Apply version control, testing and continuous integration (CI) in the data transformation code. Maintain data documentation and definitions 2+ years in Data Analytics and/or Data Engineering position as part of ETL/ELT process or data insights development Strong proficiency with SQL, and using Python for data transformation Experience writing and implementing data transformation pipelines in Argo, Airflow or similar Workflow orchestration tools Experience working with RDBMS (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and understanding of Cloud Data warehouses like Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift You write tests for data quality as part of the data pipeline and understand their value Keen interest in learning more about programming, modern data stack and data engineering. Data warehouse modeling experience Experience with Fivetran, Snowflake and dbt DevOps experience Write us a cover letter explaining why data engineering is of special interest to you Generous PTO and competitive pay Fullscript’s RRSP match program for financial health Flexible benefits package and workplace wellness program Training budget and company-wide learning initiatives Discount on Fullscript catalog of products Ability to work Wherever You Work Well* Our Wherever You Work Well philosophy means Fullscript teammates get to pick their own office — whether that’s in-office, at home, or a bit of both. 
ScrapedJobID534:

ScrapedJobID535:
Understand Ubuntu, Linux, networking and services in real-world public cloud environments Architect complex infrastructure solutions like Kubernetes, Ceph, Hadoop and Spark, Kubeflow Architect and integrate popular open source software such as PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Kafka, Cassandra and NGINX Help partners to offer and architect joint solutions utilizing Canonical's technologies on top of the public clouds Degree in Computer Science or related technical field 3 years of Linux development experience 2-3 years experience with Ubuntu, Kubernetes, or Ceph 2-3 years experience with architecting and implementing solutions on top of public clouds Python and bash understanding, troubleshooting skills Fluent written and spoken English Excellent communication and presentation skills High motivation, ability to multi-task and follow-up reliably on commitments Interest in customer-facing engagement, including pitching, demonstrating and understanding customer environment and needs Interest in new technologies like LXD, Juju and Snaps Ability to travel globally for periods up to two weeks; up to 25% of travel time (after covid-19 restrictions lift) Second language Public Cloud certifications 
ScrapedJobID536:
We have created the industry’s most comprehensive digital care platform, accelerating development and deployment of DTx products, with a unique ability to personalize treatment (Adaptative Care Paths). Over the past eight years, we have built a massive industry head-start of clinical evidence across the widest range of chronic diseases, meeting the needs of patients and its enterprise partners alike - neither of whom wants separate solution providers for each disease. Finally, we have built a unique distribution network through partnerships with the world’s leading healthcare companies – including 3 of the world’s top-10 pharma companies and a leading US payer - providing unprecedented access to tens of millions of lives. Work with compliance, legal, and auditors to enable successful implementation of security and compliance frameworks/standards. Heavy focus on automation, documentation, collaboration, and training. Manage cloud infrastructure and security applications Work with development teams to ensure reliable and secure cloud-oriented application design and implementation Support developers, identify and remove impediments Stay current with new technology trends You are a self-starter with strong discipline and work ethic. You can quickly learn and adapt to new environments and tooling. You have strong communication skills/be able to work in a collaborative environment. You are able to solve problems efficiently, effectively, and independently. You possess excellent analytical skills with a positive problem-solving attitude. You are able to shift between working in a collaborative team environment and working independently. You have a BSc degree in computer science or another relevant field. You are fluent in written and spoken English. 5+ years of experience maintaining Linux server environments. 2+ years of experience in cloud environments. 2+ years of experience with Docker and Kubernetes. Proficient in Bash and one or more other scripting languages. Familiar with automated configuration management, provisioning, and IaC tools and concepts. (F.x. Terraform, Ansible, Scalr, etc.) We are driven by a learning mentality There is no limit to personal growth We operate with openness, honesty, and transparency We build innovation and creativity into everything we do We value people over processes Team members enjoy freedom and accept responsibility We value problem-solvers and creative, independent thinkers We strive to be healthy in everything we do We have a strict no-jerk policy 
ScrapedJobID537:
Implement, integrate, and test new features and coding tools in our video processing pipeline Prototype and experiment with algorithmic improvements with regards to video quality, computational efficiency and latency Train, optimize and implement machine learning algorithms for video encoding/processing Follow up on the latest developments around next-generation video compression Assist in field cases and projects that rely on our video compression pipeline. MSc or PhD in Computer Science or related field Team player and excellent interpersonal skills Ability to learn new technologies quickly and independently Experience with multimedia codecs and/or signal processing Knowledge of video compression standards such as H.264/AVC, HEVC, VVC, VP9 and/or AV1 You are passionate about new technologies Experienced in common software engineering practices and strong programming skills Proficiency in C and/or C++ Bonus for experience with:
machine learning models, training and optimization
open-source development or multimedia frameworks such as FFmpeg, Android or GStreamer
deploying and optimizing software in cloud environments. machine learning models, training and optimization open-source development or multimedia frameworks such as FFmpeg, Android or GStreamer deploying and optimizing software in cloud environments. 
ScrapedJobID538:
Bachelor's degree in computer science/electrical engineering or equivalent practical experience. Strong grasp of statistical machine learning, linear algebra, and deep learning for computer vision Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, or Python. Familiarity with PyTorch or TensorFlow or other ML Frameworks. Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field. Strong research experience with a track record of publishing or internship experience focussed in one or more of the following: Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, or similar. Excellent communication and documenting skills. Design and implement ML components, systems and tools to automate and enable checkout free shopping. Apply research methodologies to identify the machine learning models to solve a business problem and deploy the model at scale. Own the ML pipeline from data collection, through the prototype development to production. Develop high-performance, scalable, and maintainable inference services that communicate with the rest of our tech stack Innovation - We have an ambitious vision, and any change, especially the zealous kind, requires big ideas. Integrity - We trust each other, and that trust is the foundation on which our relationships both internally and externally are built. Continuous Improvement - We see everything as improvable, and work at finding ways to do so, and enjoy moving toward our goals. Accountability - Our teammates have intrinsic enjoyment in taking ownership and delivering on what they say they will. Customer Focus - We care the most about what benefits our customers and partners. 
ScrapedJobID539:
You get to play with the latest technologies in the AWS Cloud and keep your skills current while you innovate The opportunity to design and implement processes, procedures, and tools with our team Work in a small team environment within a highly successful company that is growing fast Work directly with stakeholders to participate in all aspects of the SDLC Take ownership of infrastructure and operations such as scheduling or running jobs Wear many hats and fill in for other roles as necessary similar to being in a start-up First-line to investigate issues and troubleshoot Solid understanding and practical experience of software development life cycles (Agile) Expert in scripting (batch, Python, Bash, or similar languages) Proficient in developing/programming (Java or Python similar languages) Proficient with configuration management tools (Ansible, Chef, Terraform, CloudFormation or similar tools) Proficient with software configuration management tools (GIT or similar tools) Proficient with creating CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins or similar tools) Experience using/creating build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, setup.py, or similar tools) Excellent customer service attitude, communication skills (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills BS in engineering/computer science or equivalent Experience with building/deploying/managing AWS on an enterprise-level Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Aurora, RDS, Redshift) Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Engineering at Veeva Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID540:
VMware administration in the areas of design, implementation, capacity planning, maintenance. vSphere problem determination and root cause analysis. Ability to operate across multiple projects concurrently and assume the responsibility for the appropriate technical and architectural implementation of projects initiative and works well in a team environment with the ability to meet deadlines on time. Ability to manage concurrent projects. Proactive operational support for VMware vSphere Suite 5.x and 4.1 environments. System Log Analysis Monitoring and reporting Patching and upgrading production and staging environments. Implementation of VMware Enterprise solutions. Maintain roadmaps for Infrastructure technologies. Act as an escalation point for infrastructure teams. Communicate information to technical and non-technical audiences. Provide technical expertise for projects, enhancements, upgrades and maintenance to facilitate technology and business requirements. Lead team in supporting VMWare infrastructure technologies. VMWare ESX infrastructure platform experience in ESXi 4, ESXi 5 Good understanding of related storage technologies e.g. SAN, NAS and NFS storages. Strong understanding VMware Templates and Custamization Specifications Understanding of data communication protocols focusing on TCP/IP. Understanding of SAN/NAS technologies. In depth experience with hardware and software based server monitoring tools. Working experience with Distributed Switches and Virtual Switches Working experience with Data store configurations and storage networking Experience with Host profile configurations Strong understanding of Permissions/Roles and security groups Sound knowledge in VMotion, HA, DRS, VDS, Affinity rules and EVC configurations Working Experience with P2V conversions. Experience with Update Manger and patch updates Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, IT, IS or equal qualifications. VMware Certified Professional 5 – Data Center Virtualization (VCP5-DCV) VMware Certified Professional – Cloud (VCP-Cloud) ITIL – Foundation 
ScrapedJobID541:
Use Google Cloud Platform to build Enterprise-grade Big Data solutions. Working in tandem with our architecture team to identify and implement the most optimal cloud-based solutions for the company. Create, and develop cloud-based data solutions. Managing cloud environments in accordance with company security guidelines. Deploying and debugging cloud data initiatives as needed in accordance with best practices throughout the development lifecycle. Employing problem-solving skills, with the ability to see and solve issues before they snowball into problems. Build new cloud-based data pipelines. Bring together multiple data sources into a unified data warehouse. Apply analytics and visualizations to customer data sets. Assist in strategic direction and planning for the growth of the Cloud Data Team Act as a technical lead on projects Ability to mentor junior engineers Ability to review and provide feedback on code written by another engineer. 4+ years or more of consulting experience. Strong Demonstrable Experience with the following programming languages
Python
Scala
Java Python Scala Java Knowledge of the following visualization tools.
Data Studio
Looker
Tableau
Qlik
Quicksight Data Studio Looker Tableau Qlik Quicksight Experience with large data sets and Enterprise-grade databases (structured and unstructured) Experience deploying data pipelines. Deep understanding of the ETL (extract, transform, load) process. Experience extracting data from multiple sources via APIs and scripting. Experience transforming data through field mapping, programmatic rulesets, and data integrity checking. Able to expertly convey ideas and concepts to others. Excellent communication skills (verbal, written, and presentation) Creative problem-solving skills and the ability to design solutions not immediately apparent. Ability to participate in multiple projects concurrently. Customer-oriented and shows a bias for action. Able to function in a highly dynamic team that moves rapidly from idea to planning to implementation. Highly adaptable with the ability to learn new technologies quickly without direct oversight. Extensive experience with open-source technology, software development, and system engineering. Excellent communication and organizational skills, and the ability to stay focused on completing tasks and meeting goals within a busy workspace. Interest in Cloud Engineering and its impact on greater business practices. Skilled at working in tandem with a team of engineers, or alone as required. 4 + years of GCP data engineering experience with the following
Cloud Composer
DataFlow
Apache Beam
DataProc
Spark
Data Prep
BigQuery
Cloud SQL Cloud Composer DataFlow Apache Beam DataProc Spark Data Prep BigQuery Cloud SQL 4+ years ETL/ ELT experience 4+ years experience with Data Lake Patterns 4+ Python, Scala, and Java programming languages Database systems (SQL and NoSQL). ... Experienced with Data warehousing solutions Experience working with data structures and models Experience delivering/deploying Data Optimizations & Modernizations Experience using and automating ETL tools for batch and streaming processes Experienced in developing distributed processes Experience in 1 or more of the Data Consumption Tools and Services below.
Machine Learning
BigQuery ML Machine Learning BigQuery ML Familiarity and experiences with Machine Learning development life cycle Tactical knowledge of Machine Learning models Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade Big Data solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud Experience working with big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experience in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as NoSQL, MongoDB, SparkML, Tensorflow) 
ScrapedJobID542:
Minimum 4 years Solution Engineer experience or customer-facing solution/product support Salesforce Certified Administrator+3 Salesforce certified from either Admin, Architect, Dev, Marketer, Consultant SFDC cert path Salesforce Environment Management principles Deployment approaches and Tool Identify reusable content in Traction and help develop ReUse/Accelerators Considerable knowledge of Traction's product suite Supports BD and Delivery as they manage the three facets of red account support: Customer Conversation, Salesforce Conversation, and Internal Alignment, only as it pertains to resolutioning and change requests/change orders Enterprise, multi cloud, strategic deals Starts working closer with Customer Success - aligns with the team during cycles to enable more strategic alignment for the account support, etc Potentially work with delivery on supporting complex define/plan phases when time permits Aligns with Account Management teams on Tier 2 account Supports level 2 SE's to become level 3 SE'sUses in-depth platform and application knowledge to provide technical expertise to the sales team and the customer through sales presentations and product demonstrations Assists the sales team in assessing potential application of company products to meet customer needs and may prepare detailed product specifications for the development and implementation of Salesforce products/applications/solutions May create detailed design and implementation specifications for complex Salesforce products/applications/solutions May demo/build a proof of concept based on customers’ business requirements to demonstrate feasibility of the platform, often requiring rapid prototyping and/or solution demo for client Assists in and provides consultation to prospective users and/or platform capability assessment and validation Provides syndication of knowledge and contributes to the growth and development of more junior solution engineers (E.g., mentor, coach, host training sessions, etc.). Supports and ideates internal initiatives for the presales team and with other business units within Traction on Demand 
ScrapedJobID543:
Manage, coordinate, and implement software upgrades, patches, hot fixes on Linux/Windows/ESXi systems, using tools like SCCM, Satellite, Spacewalk Maintain OS configuration using Configuration Management tools like Ansible Support file/printer servers and manage AD resource permissions Manage external digital certificate requests and external DNS provider Participate in Data Center consolidation, and migration to the cloud (AWS) Provide hands on operational support for Firewalls, Routers, Switches and associated Security related devices. Investigate and resolve network and security incidents Fault finding, analysis and of logging information for reporting of performance exceptions Proactively monitoring system performance and capacity planning Create and modify scripts or applications to perform tasks Provide input on ways to improve the stability, security, efficiency, and scalability of the environment Collaborate with other teams and team members to develop automation strategies and deployment processes Design and document SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) for system administration activities Maintain best practices on managing systems and services across all environments Must be able to participate in periodic on-call rotation Must be able to work with minimal supervision, is self-motivated and able to define, plan and implement long-term goals, tasks and projects BS in Computer Science or Engineering or information systems or related field (or equivalent experience) required Good understanding of AWS services like EC2, S3, VPC, Route53 and Kubernetes 7+ years Windows/VMware/Linux systems administration experience Scripting skills: highly skilled in a at least two typical scripting languages (shell/bash, PowerShell, Perl, python, ruby) Knowledge of infrastructure automation tools such as Ansible, Terraform, Satellite, Spacewalk etc. Experience designing and maintaining AWS-based systems Experience configuring Linux/Windows guests in a VMware ESXi environment Experience supporting Microsoft Exchange, preferably in a hybrid environment Strong understanding of Active Directory and related technologies, especially DNS and DHCP A thorough understanding and management of Microsoft applications: ADFS, PKI, SCOM, KMS, MBAM, RDS, IIS, and SQL 2+ years of Office 365 experience including migrations from on-premises highly desired A full understanding of Microsoft Office 365 administration and experience supporting complex environments with emphasis on exchange and SharePoint Online in-depth knowledge related to the Office 365 applications and features including Azure Directory Excellent problem solving, multitasking, troubleshooting skills and attention to details are required to work in this challenging and dynamic environment Windows client OS image building (preferably using MDT) is a plus SCCM experience for patch management, application deployment, and OS deployment is a plus Knowledge of SSO integration between Office 365 and major SSO providers like Okta Good understanding of Cisco switches, DMVPN, Palo Alto Network firewall Comfortable working with third parties and managed service providers Strong knowledge related to email security (SPF, DKIM, and DMARC) and security best practices in general and mail client/server troubleshooting Strong documentation skill, analytical, organizational, and problem solving skills, as well as accuracy and attention to detail Very strong interpersonal, customer service, result oriented and team building skills are essential Jamf experience for MACs management is a plus Any Linux (RHCT, RHCE and LPIC), AWS certifications or Office 365 MCSA will be plus 
ScrapedJobID544:
Remote / flex work from Home/Office (Canada) – Toronto (downtown), Mississauga, Montreal, Halifax. 
ScrapedJobID545:
Implement DevOps capabilities in cloud offerings using CI/CD toolsets and automation. Configure and deploy cyber security software stacks for highly available platforms in private and public cloud. Support CI/CD automation requirements for 24x7 key systems. Identify, tackle, and mitigate system failures and security vulnerabilities. Support software stack and servers migration to a public cloud achieving highly secure and available architecture. At least 5 years of experience as support engineer for enterprise applications and customers along with a wide knowledge in IT operation systems. A BS Degree in Math/ IT / Computer Science or related field. Confident with Azure Cloud Provisioning - Terraform for Automation, Azure Security/Networking, Azure Monitoring, Azure DevOps, Azure Infrastructure Performance Tuning and Optimization. Confirmed proficiency with designing, implementing, and supporting Docker & Kubernetes environments. Extensive Linux/Unix administration, scripting, development and support experience. Extensive exposure to working with source control tools such as Git. Ample experience in crafting CI/CD pipelines including automated infrastructure testing of large system deployments using Python, Ansible, Terraform, Helm and Jenkins. Knowledge of Enterprise Application development and deployment processes. Hands-on experience in installing configuring, deploying and fixing Tomcat & Apache servers. Experience with RDBMS and SQL. Be able to express a deep understanding of web based applications architecture. An efficient understanding of cloud-native and microservices architecture. Familiarity with SAFe agile processes. Knowledge and experience with security appliances, LDAP, ISAM or VMware will be considered a distinct advantage. You will be responsible for the integration between a major product infrastructure system and the Amdocs infrastructure system, driving automation helping teams work smarter and faster. Be a key member of an international, highly skilled and encouraging team with various possibilities for personal and professional development! You will have the opportunity to work in multinational environment for the global market leader in its field. We are a dynamic, multi-cultural organization that constantly innovates and empowers our employees to grow. Our people our passionate, daring, and phenomenal teammates that stand by each other with a dedication to creating a diverse, inclusive workplace! We offer a wide range of stellar benefits including health, dental, vision, and life insurance as well as paid time off, sick time, and parental leave! 
ScrapedJobID546:
Develop comprehensive test plans, including regression testing, for upcoming releases Proactively provide early feedback about new features and user experiences Report on testing progress and product readiness throughout release cycles Create effective and maintainable automated test suites Write, update, and maintain QA documentation Participate in retrospectives and post-mortems, offering feedback to help continually improve processes and product quality Effectively communicate and collaborate with cross-functional teams Passion for improving product quality and ensuring delightful customer experiences Ability to create and execute thorough test plans Effective use of QA automation tools Strong familiarity with testing methodologies Great attention to detail, especially around data quality and accuracy Comfortable with data and relational databases, including SQL JOIN and UNION operations Comfortable running simple queries in databases and data warehouses Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Self-motivated, with a passion for learning and continuous self-improvement 2-4+ years of professional experience as a QA engineer Experience with QA processes and tools, e.g. agile methodologies, Jira, and TestRail Experience with testing web applications or enterprise software Background in marketing or marketing software Experience with QA automation frameworks, e.g. Cypress, Jenkins, and Selenium Familiarity with API testing using command line tools Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday QA: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID547:
You will work on the development of innovative ML and AI solutions for smart homes use state-of-the-art computing technologies in the cloud where data from millions of smart devices are captured. constructing advanced mathematical models that describe physical state of a building Analyzing and validating product performance at all stages of the R&D cycle Present scientific findings to development and product teams Support occasional product analytic requests from product and sales teams Develop data pipelines, automated data processing systems in collaboration with data engineers You have a background in a technical field such as computer science, applied mathematics, computer/electrical/mechanical engineering You have strong command of Python, SQL and can write production ready codes Experience and a thorough understanding of machine learning algorithms Experience with cloud technologies You have experience with visualization tools like Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly, Tableau You have knowledge of statistics and research methods Just so you know: The hired candidate will be required to complete a background check A 30-minute phone/video call with a member in Talent Acquisition If your first round interview goes well, you can expect to choose from a take home case study (technical) or a pair programming session. If you choose the take home, you will get between 2-4 days to work on it – you'll then come in virtually to present your solution to the team in a 1.5 hour interview If you choose the pair programming session we will set up a 2 hour interview for you which will include technical as well as values segment In the final interview, you will meet our VP of Data Science and 1-2 Senior Data Scientists on the team Be part of something big: Get to work in a fresh, dynamic, and ever-growing industry. Make an environmental difference: Make a sustainable impact while on your daily job, and after it through programs like ecobee acts. Expand your career: Learn with our in-house learning enablement team, grow with our quarterly hackathons, and enjoy our generous professional learning budget. Put people first: Benefit from competitive salaries, health benefits, and a progressive Parental Top-Up Program (75% top-up or five bonus days off). Play a part on an exceptional culture: Enjoy a fun and casual workplace with an open concept office, located at Corus Quay. ecobee Leeds is based at our riverside office on the Calls. We're a remote-first workplace until April 2022 Celebrate diversity: Be part of a truly welcoming workplace. We offer a mentorship program and bias training. 
ScrapedJobID548:
Apply your expertise in DevOps to help build our next generation of software suites Maintain source code and collaborate with fellow team members on the Azure DevOps platform Design, implement and maintain cloud systems utilizing a wide range of Azure technologies Deploy, configure and monitor on-premise virtual machines utilizing automation platforms Uphold the values and principles of DevSecOps, and build security into the core of all our systems and methodologies Collaborate with fellow team members to improve and upscale the Firm’s tools, procedures and capabilities in DevOps Deploy resources, secure environments and scale firm applications used by team members and clients across Canada Communicate with business partners, the development team, operations team and architects to understand the technical requirements for deployment of applications and infrastructure in an efficient and repeatable way Use infrastructure-as-code methodologies for maintenance and deployment of all our systems Build CI/CD pipelines and manage ongoing maintenance of our applications, with DevOps principles at the forefront Proven experience in at least 1 of the following programming languages:
PowerShell or Bash (preferred)
YAML
C# or similar object-oriented language PowerShell or Bash (preferred) YAML C# or similar object-oriented language Proficiency in at least 2 of the following Azure or AWS technologies:
Azure (including but not limited to the following)
Azure AD, B2B or B2C
Virtual Machines
AKS
Virtual Networks
Azure Functions
App Services
Azure Service Bus
AWS (including but not limited to the following)
EC2
ECS
VPC
Lambdas
Elastic Beanstalk
SQS Azure (including but not limited to the following)
Azure AD, B2B or B2C
Virtual Machines
AKS
Virtual Networks
Azure Functions
App Services
Azure Service Bus Azure AD, B2B or B2C Virtual Machines AKS Virtual Networks Azure Functions App Services Azure Service Bus AWS (including but not limited to the following)
EC2
ECS
VPC
Lambdas
Elastic Beanstalk
SQS EC2 ECS VPC Lambdas Elastic Beanstalk SQS Proven experience in at least 1 of the following Infrastructure as Code (IAC) platforms:
Terraform (preferred)
Ansible (preferred)
Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates
Chef
Salt
Puppet Terraform (preferred) Ansible (preferred) Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates Chef Salt Puppet Proven experience with at least 1 CI/CD automation platform (including, but not limited to the following):
Azure Pipelines (preferred)
GitHub Actions
Jenkins
Octopus Azure Pipelines (preferred) GitHub Actions Jenkins Octopus Experience in at least 1 of the following source control platforms:
Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.)
TFS/TFVC (Microsoft Team Foundation Server)
SVN Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.) TFS/TFVC (Microsoft Team Foundation Server) SVN Experience in Windows or Linux system administration would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID549:
Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday Overtime Ancaster, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) server virtualization: 3 years (preferred) Microsoft Server: 3 years (preferred) physical hardware: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID550:
You are passionate about the cutting-edge technologies related to AI/ML You love digging into quantitative and qualitative data You enjoy working with all formats of data -structured/semi-structured and unstructured You have experience working with customer data, building recommendation engines You have experience in building machine learning algorithms You have data engineering experience and the ability to extract data from various sources You have a University Degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Electronic Information Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Data Science. Create interactive dashboards for management for making data-driven decisions. Research and develop RPA, AI, ML models. Lead and manage the back-end dataflows/pipelines for reports and dashboards. Accountable to lead the application of data analytics and reporting for wireless and wireline network data and Engineering workflows within the Technology Division. Accountable to automate complex network models to run simulations and help in the creation of network strategic plans. Develops and guides advanced reporting and analytics teams by instruction, coaching and mentoring. Accountable for the development and design of datasets/databases for reporting on network traffic. Designs and implement repeatable processes to clean and verify the integrity of data ensuring information is available to build analytic systems Accountable to have the awareness of all data and associated tools in use or required for the Technology Division to do business. Actively work with Technology Division areas to ensure the effective, efficient harvesting of value using data. Accountable to serve as a consultant to the Technology Division and other business units on the use of analytics tools and data science principles, data visualization and management of network related data. Maintains confidentiality of highly sensitive issues and information. University Degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Electronic Information Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Data Science. Knowledge and experience in data analytics, data mining and data warehousing. Experience with database design and development, querying databases. Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, R, etc). Experience with data analytic and visualization tools such as Power BI, Splunk, Grafana. Experience with telecommunications networks and general networking theory. Knowledge of Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking, network architectures and standards such as 3GPP are an asset. Working knowledge of consulting, research, change management, project management, continuous improvement and strategic/business planning is an asset. Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written, and the ability to deal effectively with others, demonstrating ability to translate business drivers into technological requirements and effectively communicate using both business and technical terminology. Strong planning, analytical, research and presentation skills. Strong team member, with the ability to influence others. Must demonstrate the ability to work autonomously without supervision. Demonstrates a commitment to self-development and development of others. 
ScrapedJobID551:
Work with management team to develop metrics and KPIs for infrastructure performance Create a forward thinking cloud infrastructure strategy and manage the adoption process Work with our Dev Ops Engineer and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) partner to maintain and improve our infrastructure Work closely with our development team to make and implement technical/infrastructure stack decisions Revise and keep up-to-date our Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery, Incident Management Plan Answer and keep up to date industry specific security questionnaires (such as HECVATs, Cloud Security Alliance Self Assessment etc) Manage CI/CD Tools within the Team Identify and implement cloud architecture services and solutions to meet the strategic needs of the company. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, information technology, or relevant field. Minimum 7 years experience designing, executing, and supporting cloud solutions. Experience leading small teams Extensive experience with AWS A solid grasp of networking fundamentals and scalable computing systems, preferably including hands-on experience with load balancers Demonstrated proficiency in Linux Solid expertise in CloudFormation, Ansible, and Terraform Extensive experience in building and deploying applications in AWS (EC2, S3, RDS, ELB, Lambda, Glue, Athena, etc.) Stack: Linux, NGINX, Aurora/MariaDB, PHP; Javascript (Node.js/Vue.js), Amazon Web Services (Cloudwatch, RDS/Aurora, EC2, EBS, Route53, S3, Serverless) and New Relic Bedrock (Composer compatible WordPress dev stack: https://roots.io/bedrock/ ) Trellis (Ansible playbooks for a WordPress LEMP stack: https://roots.io/trellis/ ) Terraform (infrastructure as code software: https://terraform.io) GitHub repositories and project boards (public and private), open source software GitHub Actions, Jenkins, Dependabot, Vagrant, Composer, BrowserStack, Slack 
ScrapedJobID552:
Ensure that SAP software maintains a high-quality by building test strategies, test plans, and communicating a clear and scalable test strategy to the team. Review business requirements and functional specifications to understand the functional and technical requirements. Analyze feature requirements and define appropriate testing measures – functional tests, regression tests, stress and/or performance tests, remediation tests, etc. Evaluate and identify suitable opportunities for test automation. Develop and maintain automated tests using appropriate tools, frameworks and programming languages. Bachelor’s OR Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or equivalent information technology degree with a suitable level of demonstrated experience. Knowledge about relevant product and process standards, important legal requirements and quality assurance and test related tools. Drive the process or tool improvements within the team, acts as quality and test contact for senior management or represents Quality for our deliverables. Technical competencies of relevant programming languages and related development tools and processes. Experience in working with cross-functional teams, locally and remotely. Interest in working across teams to understand how your product is interacting with 3rd party systems and provide the right test coverage. 3-5 years working experience identifying, executing and improving QA process and its automation. 
ScrapedJobID553:
Design and develop scalable and distributed backend software to operate the different components of a multitenant cloud platform Design and implement frontend software and mobile applications related to the CCAAS platform Perform any debugging and issue analysis of the issues reported by customers Integrate third party cloud APIs and libraries Design and Implement secured RestFull APIs to expose some CCAAS micro services Use best practices coding and software development to produce highly efficient scalable and secure software Design and develop robust micro-services and APIs to be used by third party services Fluent in English language both in writing and speaking At least 2 years of experience in web and api backend development using Python At least 1 years of experience python TurboGears framework and celery library At least 1 years of experience in web and mobile applications development Knowledge of AngularJS and ReactJS frameworks is an asset Knowledge of react-native and hands on experience with mobile application development (Android and ios) Knowledge of source control tools like GIT, subversion, etc.. At least 1 years of experience with Linux based operating systems Ability to quickly learn new technologies Hands on experience with relational databases (PostgreSQL, etc..) Knowledge of rabbitmq message queueing systems is an asset Knowledge of redis key/value pair database systems is an asset Knowledge of Freeswitch telephony stack is an asset Knowledge of Amazon AWS cloud management tools is an asset 
ScrapedJobID554:

ScrapedJobID555:
Conduct live and virtual customer meeting presentations and demonstrations Implement and manage POCs to technical closure Support lead generation activities such as events, webinars, user groups, etc. Collaborate with the customer/partner to establish and translate business objectives into technical requirements Independently consult with customer base to provide technical expertise on data protection Work closely with the sales department to secure new partners and customers Work closely with Product Management to provide customer feedback Providing pre-sales support to customers as they evaluate Veeam software Enter reliable account/opportunity details in Veeam’s CRM (SalesForce) on a timely basis Provide pre-sales assistance and subject matter expertise to field sales Experience writing requests and information proposals (RFP/RFI). Effectively utilize available resources to meet and exceed area sales objectives Perform other duties as assigned. Demonstrated solution sales and/or technical presales experience preferred Industry-based experience with data protection technologies Industry based experience in storage, network and/or cloud-based technologies strongly desired Experience working with monitoring tools and frameworks Experience in data life-cycle management with IT audit requirements Demonstrated experience with virtualization technologies Ability to work independently with limited direction in a fast-paced environment; must be a high-energy, motivated self-starter and be able to learn new technologies quickly Ability to adapt to changes in roles and responsibilities Excellent time management skills required Ability to travel 50 – 75% Deployment of software solutions into complex environments Deep level understanding of Veeam and/or similar technologies Experience with public cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS and GCP. Experience with Microsoft Office 365. Experience with Linux and Unix is desirable. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; must be able to present to groups Industry-relevant professional certifications are desirable 
ScrapedJobID556:
Partnering with the Product Infrastructure Engineering teams on security and privacy initiatives, leading security design reviews, and threat modeling. Collaborating with other Security and Engineering teams to improve visibility of cloud resources. Performing assessments of cloud infrastructure supporting our product offerings and partner apps, including SaaS and PaaS. Researching new attack vectors and techniques relevant to our space and present findings to both internal and external audiences. Researching known vulnerabilities and collaborate with engineers on the best ways to mitigate and reduce risk. Participating in our incident response and vulnerability remediation efforts. Evaluating external tooling, develop new automation and tooling. Partnering with Product Infrastructure Engineering on evolving the CI/CD pipeline to meet modern security threats and risks. Developing secure baselines and standards for cloud based infrastructure and train engineering teams on their usage. Helping to rapidly scale our team. As a member of the security team, you'll be an integral part of how we mature our own tooling, best practices, engineering processes, and hiring. 5-10+ years in a security engineering role with experience in cloud security reviews and ideally threat modeling experience Strong communicator with the ability to translate technical security requirements and risks into terms that anyone can understand In-depth knowledge of AWS cloud infrastructure, docker and it’s associated security suites (e.g., IAM, GuardDuty, Inspector, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, etc.) Terraform and/or CloudFormation experience Relevant development experience in at least one scripting language, preferably Python Experience with vulnerability management and risk assessment processes Technical leadership skills; you enjoy being a tech lead, mentoring technologists, evangelizing security and privacy Comfortable with complexity in the short term but can build towards simplicity in the long term Admit mistakes and shortcomings Deliver results Disagree and commit Obsess over customers Rely on work ethic Show empathy Recruit and develop the best Sweat the details Think and communicate clearly Unite around the mission Work with a talented yet humble team Competitive compensation & equity package Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats 401k, Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US Employees Only) Monthly health & wellness stipend Yearly educational stipend Flexible & Generous Vacation Policy: If you feel you need a break, you can talk directly with your manager to find coverage and support while you are out of the office. Need time off to vote? We've got you covered. Quarterly company-wide mental health days off Holiday Shut-down: company-wide holiday shut-down between Christmas Eve and New Years Major US and EMEA holidays observed To support remote work conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000(USD) upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment. 
ScrapedJobID557:
Degree in Computer Science or related field 1+ years of work experience Proficient in React, ReactNative, Node.js, SQL Strong analytical and communication skills Familiarity with both back-end and front-end technologies. Ability to apply design patterns and develop intuitive modular code Able to build elegant, maintainable, and scalable solutions to complex problems 3+ years of work experience Experience with microservices architecture and queues Experience with cloud services i.e. AWS. Experience with mobile SDKs, Expo SDK and tools Proficient in Apollo/GraphQL Knowledge of microservice architecture We're looking for developers who take pride in their code rather than the frameworks they know (although good Devs know the right frameworks). Those who don't settle. They are brave enough to dream big and work hard to achieve it. Develop and optimize Kora's mobile & web apps and the backend. Manage integration with 3rd party API Work on a cross-functional team of engineers, designers and product managers Participate in the design and development of Kora's next-generation products Participate in restructuring Kora's next-generation software architecture and tech stack Building complex and scalable solutions 80K to 100K CAD/year Health spendings Potential stock options Work/Life Flexibility New MacBook Provided Education Credit Be part of a great mission! 
ScrapedJobID558:
An experienced leadership team at the helm Risk-takers and builders who own it and get sh*t done Combined group, who love the fact that not everything is defined, so we can innovate, create, ignite An expert in RDBMS, SQL, ETL/ELT, REST APIs, Big Data, Data Integration, Data Governance and Batch and Streaming Data Pipelines Solid proven experience with general purpose programming languages (we love Python and Ruby!) Love coding, wrangling data and solving big problems (the kind 85M companies have) Interested in developing and scaling our data-driven systems, and have the ability and interest in both data science and engineering, this will be a hands-on role where you own the ETL workflow and process You can make architectural discussions for future projects An independent problem solver, tinkerer and thinker who likes ambiguity and the startup pace 
ScrapedJobID559:
Our people work with the latest web-based technologies in a cross functional, multi-faceted organization You’ll get a challenging and rewarding environment, the opportunity to work with leading brands, collaboration with some of the brightest people in the industry, and to share in our mutual success. Our Agile environment gives you the chance to be part of an ever changing and evolving process. We have a great culture, work environment and potential for professional growth. A company that is an industry disrupting Automotive Mobile Data & Analytics powerhouse in their space. And we’re really a fun group too Support our software developers, database architects, data analyst and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout projects, while supporting our next generation of products and data initiatives Work closely with stakeholders and other teams to define standards for data access, retention and destruction and supporting audits of our data infrastructure for legal compliance Work cross-functionally with stakeholders to identify the data sources and orchestration needed to meet the demands of the enterprise Design, develop and maintain solutions to: source, integrate, transform, cleanse, normalize and expose/present data to stakeholders Recommend and influence the adoption of data related technologies and products 5+ year experience in a Data Engineer role Experience building Data Lakes, Data Warehouse (AWS Redshift, Snowflake) Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing and highly scalable big data date stores Experience with AWS cloud, SQL/noSQL, Aurora, C/C#, Pythton and Golang required Experience performing root cause analysts on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement Experience building processes to support data transformation, data structures, meta-data, dependence and workload management Strong understanding of data science concepts Successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets Experience as an expert in Data Governance including experience with best practices for ensuring the quality, security and accuracy and completeness of data Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets Strong project management and organizational skills Experience supporting and working with cross functional teams in a dynamic environment Vast opportunities for growth Competitive compensation packages Comprehensive Training and Development support Engaging company events and team building Group health and dental benefits Employee Assistance Program Complimentary Parking Flexible work schedule for work-life balance 3 weeks paid vacation 
ScrapedJobID560:
Software Development : propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution; keeping end user needs in mind. Team work : work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Process & Operations : ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our teams function and the quality of the products we build. Participate and lead in all aspects of quality testing and release of Roche’s analytics software products by working with distributed systems, backend testing, UI testing, database testing Write test plans, test cases, conduct code reviews Technically guide other test engineers and provide sound technical solutions, particularly efficient and effective test automation Implement and maintain an end-to-end automation test framework for running UI integration tests and quality dashboards using various tools: Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, Cypress, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Junit Implement automated API testing using tools such as REST Assured or SOAP UI Work closely with the development team to improve unit test coverage, frameworks and productivity tools Participate in requirements, architecture, and design specification reviews Use defect management tools such as JIRA Use the GIT source code management system and the Jenkins Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tool Develop Load and Performance tests using tools such as JMeter Develop tests for DNA Analytics tools B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent field 8+ years of direct related experience in Software Quality Assurance and testing with proficiency in Behavioral + Test-Driven Development principles or equivalent combination of education and experience to perform at this level Experience defining and executing on testing strategy and approach Experience technically leading the test team on testing approach and automation solutions Proficiency in at least one of these languages: Java (preferred), JavaScript/TypeScript, Python/Ruby, and Bash Comfortable with: AWS, and Linux Shell Experience with various QA and support related tools such as Selenium, Maven, TestNG/JUnit, Cucumber, Protractor, Jenkins Experience with creating automated tests for API, UI and database layers Experience with developing, running and analyzing load and performance tests Experience in creating from scratch, maintaining and improving comprehensive test automation framework covering all major testing areas - UI, API, database, middleware Leadership, mentoring and cross-team communication and effort coordination experience Bioinformatics experience of any kind 
ScrapedJobID561:
Operate as a thought leader, solution, and technology expert Operate as a challenger, leading technical or risk assessments against industry frameworks to assure operational effectiveness of cybersecurity controls Work with application, network, infrastructure, and cybersecurity teams to design, implement, and document cybersecurity controls in cloud environments Proactively identify vulnerabilities and lead right-sized mitigation efforts Monitor and review cloud vulnerability and compliance scan results and lead right-sized mitigation efforts Identify areas for operational efficiencies and implement right-sized enhancements Provide ongoing oversight and operate as a point of escalation for vulnerability remediation, break-fix, or escalated support requests Operate as a subject matter expert in large scale cloud transformational projects, providing guidance as well as hands-on implementation expertise (including but not limited to, vulnerability management, identity and access management, container hardening and assurance, cryptography, DevOps, and key management) Design, publish, and maintain technical security pattern, guidelines, and knowledge base for use in cloud environments Operationalize security tools through knowledge transfers and training (including but not limited to; Firewalls, IDS / IPS, File Integrity Monitoring, SIEM / UEBA, DevOps, and WAF technologies) Stay current with technologies and trends in IaaS, PaaS, and hybrid technology offerings, vulnerabilities, and controls Mentor junior resources 2-5 years of hands-on experience designing, architecting, and implementing controls in complex cloud environments One or more of the following certifications, or equivalent: CCSK, CSSP, CISSP, CISA, relevant Microsoft cloud service certifications Undergraduate or equivalent degree in computer science, cybersecurity, information technology, software engineering, information systems, computer engineering, or business information systems Demonstrate intermediate scripting capabilities in at least one language (e.g., PowerShell, python, bash) Demonstrate technical leadership skills and willingness to operate cross-functionally to accomplish a common goal Demonstrate strong knowledge of cloud networking, architecture, operations, automation, and orchestration Demonstrate strong knowledge and hands-on management of lifecycle of PaaS and IaaS services Excellent verbal and written communication skills Demonstrates strong collaboration and problem-solving qualities Knowledge and understanding of common cybersecurity standards (e.g.: CIS, OWASP Top 10, SANS top 20, BSIMM) and implementation of cloud security framework requirements (e.g., CCM, SANS) Demonstrate ability to describe common attacks against cloud environments and mitigating controls Strong experience developing, communicating, and operationalizing cloud security strategies Similar experience in the military will be considered Hands on implementation of Configuration Management tooling Hands on use of DevOps and CI/CD tools Published thought-leadership (talks, whitepapers, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID562:
Work with internal and external teams to automate data processes Development of data pipelines using Matillion and other tools Orchestration management with a focus on managing costs meeting data delivery requirements Snowflake Data Cloud management and strategy Performing regular system audits Support quarterly, annual planning activities Drive continuous organizational improvement by identifying process gaps and/or areas for improvement Act as a SME for DWH and ETL tools as well as delivering training to team members on the usage of these tools Contribute to the writing of papers for internal audiences Identify opportunities to streamline / automate and efficiently produce information for ongoing requests. Supports the integration of data sets for more comprehensive customer and competitive insights Minimum 5 years' data engineering experience Bachelor's degree in Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science or other technical field Expertise with Snowflake Data Cloud a must, including warehouse cost management and deep understanding of RBAC security. SnowPro certification a plus. Expertise in SQL writing and snowSQL Experience with GUI-based low-code ETL tools, Matillion a plus Demonstrated proficiency with data modeling and relational database / data warehousing concepts Experience with programming languages, Python a plus Experience with various source technologies: JDBC/ODBC, external / cloud file storage (AWS S3, SFTP), REST APIs Experience with AWS Cloud offerings and security a plus Experience with SDLC tools and familiarity with DevOps processes (e.g.: Git, Jira, Confluence) Familiarity with Linux, RHEL a plus Familiarity with front-end data visualization tools such as Infor Birst, Tableau, Power BI, Qlik, Cognos Data-oriented, curious, independent self-starter. Exceptional analytical and critical thinking skills. Strong adaptability and capacity to work in fast-paced environments. Ability to deliver on commitments, an understanding of the service culture and demonstrates a high degree of professionalism, as evidenced by ability to work remotely, independently, with ability to drive tasks to completion within timelines. Positive interactions with customers and teammates, including good interpersonal skills Identify training needs for direct reports and develop training plans to address those needs Strong Communication Skills, both verbally and written. 
ScrapedJobID563:
Experience in Python – Advance Python Skills, Pam, Reduce, Filter, Zip, Lambda Functions, List, Dictionary Experience in Data Science Libraries – NUMPY, Pandas, RE and Datetime Experience working with Google Cloud, GCP, Parsers, Doc AI etc. Experience in using machine learning tools to train and evaluate natural language processing models Experience working with dataset labelers to prepare labeled datasets for model training and testing Familiarity with AutoML-like tools for model development Familiarity with OCR and NLP Entity Extraction technologies to process Familiarity with ML metrics (F1 score, precision, recall, etc) to evaluate model performance Experience in Evaluation Metrices like R squared, Classification – Confusion matrix, Accuracy, Precision Familiarity with Statistics Techniques like Hypothesis Testing He or she should be able to Collect training datasets from customers Should be able to create document labeling instructions for labelers to label documents / templates for each document type Monitor quality of labeled datasets and resend if required for corrections Run model training and eval runs iteratively, to improve the accuracy of extraction models. 
ScrapedJobID564:

ScrapedJobID565:
Build and extend web applications in a cloud environment. Ensure that customer facing applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Work with Product and Project Owners to understand end-user requirements, formulate user stories and then translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Work closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Experience leading and managing off shore and or 3rd party team resources. Referenceable experience delivering production ready implementations with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC / Demandware) platform. Overall 8+ years of Software development experience including a minimum 3-4 years of real world experience developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining SFCC based web apps Knowledge in cloud-based services and/or service-oriented architectures Productive in contemporary JavaScript development environments. Qualified candidates have real-world experience in the development life cycles of complex single page applications and are comfortable working with modern frameworks like Bootstrap, React, NodeJS. Experience with unit testing frameworks. Experience with data management strategies in browser environments. Strong software development fundamentals including automated testing, source control (Git), continuous integration in addition to continuous delivery and/or deployment. Experience integrating web front-ends with complex multi-tier applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong willingness to learn and teach. A passion for solving problems and desire to understand how things work. Ability to help troubleshoot and resolve production system issues. Ability to author well designed, testable, efficient code. We always prefer clarity over clever. Nice to have International multi-site experience Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID566:
Design new application features and integrations in collaboration with team members to deliver complex changes Develop new software, coding and unit testing, as well as modifying existing software for enhancements, performance improvements, bug fixes Lead and drive all activities to integrate real and near-real time capabilities between new core product and other applications Automate processes within the development pipeline Stay current with trends, techniques, technology, advocate and share expertise with other team members and other factors impacting the job Proficient with Spring/Spring Boot Java API Development Angular development Proficient with SQL Leveraging and enhancing DevOps pipeline Knowledge of Kafka Working with large relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server) .Net development experience - C# ETL tool exposure (IBM DataStage is a plus) Cloud native application development – any or all of PCF, OpenShift, Azure Familiar with UNIX environments Experience with investment/banking industry Micro-service design and implementation A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
ScrapedJobID567:
Be part of a team that’s building a service that instantiates and orchestrates a variety of workstation instances across a heterogeneous infrastructure. Operate and support the virtual workstations that power the NetFX Platform. Partner to identify needs, understand security requirements, and improve the artist’s experience. Work cross-functionally with Engineering teams to manage systems and services that provide reliable and scalable solutions supporting the artist experience. Join an environment where different backgrounds, cultures, industry and life experiences are embraced and valued. You have contributed to “always-on” servers, services, agents, or APIs using tools and languages like PowerShell, Chocolatey, Java, Go, Python, JavaScript (NodeJS), C++ or Ruby. We only use some of these, but experience in any one of them is enough. You have technical curiosity and are ready to help across the team and learn new skills. You have a strong bias for automation and taking the time to think about the right way to solve a problem versus quick fixes or band-aids. Knowledge of cloud compute and storage, including public cloud vendors (AWS, GCP, or Azure). Experience using build and deployment tools such as Jenkins, Docker, and Terraform. Experience with operational tools like AWS CloudWatch, Splunk, and SaltStack. Experience working in Linux and Windows environments. 
ScrapedJobID568:
3 mois de formation complète gratuite et de projets dirigés par des experts de l'industrie:
Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception
Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST
Cloud Computing et DevOps
Analyse de données avec SQL et Python
Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST Cloud Computing et DevOps Analyse de données avec SQL et Python Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. L'opportunité d'améliorer considérablement vos compétences en travaillant avec des responsables techniques et des professionnels tout en écrivant plus de 15 000 lignes de code en Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Placement garanti de deux ans après la réussite du programme. La chance d'améliorer vos compétences générales pour libérer de nouveaux potentiels, confiance et leadership. Un soutien ciblé pour vous aider à développer votre carrière tout au long du programme et au-delà, y compris le coaching, les opportunités de réseautage professionnel et l'obtention de certifications reconnues par l'industrie Bilingue (anglais/français) est un plus mais pas une exigence Diplôme en informatique, technologie, ingénierie ou dans une discipline mathématique (STEM) Aptitude au raisonnement logique et à la résolution quantitative de problèmes Bonne communication orale et écrite Capacités de collaboration et de travail en équipe Légalement autorisé à travailler au Canada (citoyen/résident permanent/permis de travail) Maîtrise de Java ou d'un autre langage de programmation orienté objet (par exemple C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) Etre familié avec les bases de données SGBDR ou No-SQL Avoir suivi au moins un cours (en ligne ou scolaire) lié à la conception d'algorithmes et de structures de données Un plus à avoir : Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curieux - Vous êtes intéressé à expérimenter, apprendre, innover et essayer de nouvelles choses Axé sur le client - Vous vous efforcez de créer de la valeur pour vos clients et de toujours livrer avec qualité Flexible - Vous restez concentré sur les résultats même lorsque les plans et les priorités changent et vous apportez constamment de la valeur Humble - Vous reconnaissez vos forces ainsi que vos opportunités et êtes toujours prêt à apprendre des autres Collaboratif - Vous appréciez le succès du groupe et partagez librement vos connaissances, votre expérience et vos idées La capacité de faire reconnaître et récompenser votre potentiel Formation pratique et pertinente utilisant les dernières technologies Un soutien pour vous aider à établir votre carrière et à atteindre vos objectifs L'opportunité de travailler sur des projets innovants au sein d'une variété de grandes entreprises canadiennes Un package de rémunération compétitif avec un soutien à l'apprentissage continu 3-months of cost-free comprehensive training and projects led by industry experts:
Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns
Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API
Cloud Computing and DevOps
Data Analytics with SQL and Python
Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API Cloud Computing and DevOps Data Analytics with SQL and Python Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. The opportunity to drastically improve your skills by working with Tech Leads and Professionals while writing more than 15k lines of code in Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Guaranteed two-year placement upon successful completion of the program. The chance to improve your soft skills to unlock new potential, confidence, and leadership. Dedicated support to help you develop your career throughout the program and beyond including, coaching, professional networking opportunities and attaining industry-recognized certifications Bilingual (English/French) is required Diploma or degree in computer science, technology, engineering, or a mathematical discipline (STEM) Aptitude for logical reasoning and quantitative problem solving Good oral and written communication skills Good collaboration and teamwork skills Legally permitted to work in Canada (citizen/permanent resident/work permit) Proficient with Java or another object oriented programming language ( e.g. C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc) Familiar with with RDBMS or No-SQL databases Have completed at least one course (online or school) related to designing algorithms and data structures Nice-to-have: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curious - You’re interested in experimenting, learning, innovating, and trying new things Customer Focused – You strive to create value for your customers and always deliver with quality Adaptable - You maintain a focus on results even as plans and priorities change and consistently deliver value Humble - You recognize your strengths as well as your opportunities and are always willing to learn from others Collaborative - You value the success of the group and freely share your knowledge, experience, and insight The ability to have your potential recognized and rewarded Practical and relevant training utilizing the newest technologies Support to help you establish your career and achieve your goals The opportunity to work on innovative projects within a variety of Canada’s top companies A competitive compensation package with support for continuous learning 
ScrapedJobID569:
Bug isolation, identification, and correction Self Service/automation identification and development Abusive access/Bad actor management Serve as a technical/consultative escalation point to support channels and within their team for Bug mitigation, Platform issues and advanced micro-service knowledge. Partner with Dev Support Automation/Development engineers to identify and drive support automation efforts. Partner with R&D service teams from their assigned technical domain to provide continuous free flowing communications and improvements in issue/bug resolutions Provide feedback loop to testing teams within their assigned technical domain to prevent future code defect escapes to production Provide training and education within their assigned technical domain to their support channels and within their teams Serve as a technical advisor on complex issues to support channel and Development Support engineers within a given technical domain Keeps current on general platform/architecture across the Genesys Cloud product line, associated AWS hosted services, and related hybrid solutions for all Genesys Products Supports on-call rotation to ensure 24x7x365 Sev 1 issue mitigation Documentation of troubleshooting step and tasks associated with their assigned technical domain Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Science, Computer Technology, related technical discipline, or equivalent professional technical experience Proven excellence with customer facing activities. Must have a passion for customer satisfaction, and have the ability to manage customer’s needs and expectations Expert technical knowledge, understanding, and experience in assigned technical domain Two years’ experience implementing or supporting complex software applications in SaaS or CCaaS Microservice architecture experience a plus Excellent communication and presentation skills Demonstrated ability to exercise judgment to determine appropriate solutions to customer technical issues Possesses demonstrated leadership qualities and self-sufficiency Proven ability to meet critical customer deadlines Experience coding in a modern programming language a plus, extensive scripting or defined plan to learn a programming language desired 
ScrapedJobID570:
Automate and manage continuous software builds, tests, deploy processes and release configurations. Troubleshoot build and deploy failures, and facilitate resolution. Implement complex application and database driven automation release tasks. Design and implement work-flows to automate the release and upgrade process for applications in Test, Staging and Production environments. Maintain and enhance the automated continuous integration and continuous delivery environment. Support Test and Staging managed environments for middleware services and applications. Provide assistance to cross-functional teams, QA groups, development and infrastructure by participating in meetings, building out environments, and troubleshooting deployment/configuration related problems. Create system dashboards that help improve product availability. Evaluate, adopt, and document any new processes, tools or update to improved builds and release processes or existing Jira, Confluence page, and TestRail. Communicate test status to product teams and engineering program managers. 5+ years of architecture experience in infrastructure, databases, or application development related fields. 5+ years of experience supporting & maintaining AWS, and Testing/ Staging environment builds AWS Solutions Architect Associate Certification is an Technical degree is an asset (Computer Science, Sciences, Math) Proficient with monitoring/ data collection tools, configuration management and automation tools (Puppet or Chef) & container management technology (Docker). Expertise with strong knowledge on Source Code Management, Continuous Integration/Delivery solutions (Git/Stash, GitLab, Maven and UDeploy). Proficient in automate monitoring, test disaster recovery, and backup functions. Understanding of IP networking, VPN’s, DNS, load balancing and firewalling. Familiarity in supporting and maintaining, scalable enterprise-class applications in public cloud (AWS) or private cloud solutions. Experience in developing end-to-end build/release automation for complex solutions for large-scale enterprise systems. Self-motivated to succeed and confidence to lead technical discussions among software developers Strong communication skills, both verbal and written A place in an agile growth SaaS business, with possibilities to grow internally in the company. Great personal development opportunities through i.e. training, coaching, and mindfulness. International environment with biweekly check-ins with the whole company. Social events across teams/departments. Continual learning of emerging technologies and industry trends and focus on personal and professional development Attractive pension and benefits package Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home DevOps: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID571:
Bring knowledge of methodology and practices of social science research to the design & research projects Support cross-functional team members to define and prioritize research and to develop UX metrics Support and conduct empirical research in order to understand and extract meaningful patterns of user behavior Generate user experience insights that will move our products forward Experience moderating qualitative research An enthusiasm for interdisciplinary collaboration with designers, engineers, developers and product teams Experience moderating qualitative research Experience in compiling and analyzing secondary qualitative data An empathetic and analytical to approach human-centered research is a must, and experience in applied qualitative product research and design thinking techniques is an asset Strong ability to communicate results of research to interdisciplinary and lay-audiences. Experience in visual and illustrative communication is an asset Driven to draw out the “what it means” of research and provide tactical implications for research findings One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg Workplace Pride Global Benchmark LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation 
ScrapedJobID572:

ScrapedJobID573:
Build comprehensive analytical solutions to provide tools for decision-making. Perform advanced analysis to guide the company in its strategic choices. Support the various GSoft teams in : Best practices in terms of data collection and usage; Defining and tracking team metrics and goals; Development of the GSoft data culture. Develop statistical and predictive models that allow us to improve the company's processes. Create centralized dashboards and support teams in creating their own data visualizations in different tools. Be proactive in maintaining and improving data quality. Support the Culture & Organization team in leveraging their data (People Analytics). Train the teams in the use of data visualization features of different tools. Set up the foundation to track the customer journey through our different products. Develop lead scoring models to support marketing and sales teams. Continuous improvement of our data warehouses and visualization tools to increase data quality (creation of a single source of truth). Have a few years of experience in data analysis and/or analytical model design. Experience in programming (SQL, Python, R, DAX, etc.). Experience in data visualization and presentation (PowerBI, Tableau, Looker, etc.). Have knowledge of : Statistics and mathematics; Modeling methods (prediction, classification, etc.); Data preparation (extraction, cleaning, etc.); Data models, architectures, warehouses and data environment (basic knowledge). Advanced data analysis techniques. Ability to understand business issues, transform them into technology requirements and clearly communicate analysis results. Ability to collaborate with different teams and support them in their data development. Be able to adapt quickly to a change in context. 
ScrapedJobID574:
Use Machine Learning techniques to create scalable, end-to-end systems to solve unstructured data problems. Design, execute, and record experiments to track, test, and validate the proposed solutions. Participate in all the stages of model creation; from data gathering and annotation to deployment. Develop new functionality and maintain the existing production Machine Learning systems. Work closely with Architecture, Software Engineering, and Cloud Operations teams to deliver model implementations and solutions. Provide clear, compelling reports of progress and findings to different levels of management on a regular basis. Research and develop new Machine Learning technologies and applications to contribute to our AI Roadmap. BS/MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Software Engineering, or related field. 4+ years of Applied Machine Learning working experience with strong focus in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Information Extraction, or Information Retrieval. Proven track record of delivering successful end-to-end Machine Learning solutions. Strong knowledge in Machine Learning development lifecycle. Familiarity with Machine Learning development frameworks and libraries (Tensorflow, Pytorch, Scikit-learn, OpenCV, etc.) Strong programming skills in Python programming language. Experience using Machine Learning cloud computing platforms (AWS, Amazon Sagemaker, Azure ML, etc.) Experience designing, conducting, analyzing, and interpreting experiments. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent critical thinking, creativity, design, and communication skills. Experience working in Agile Teams. Experience with other Object-Oriented languages (C#, Java, etc.) Experience with containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) Fitness reimbursement RRSP matching No limit vacation Extended maternity and paternity leave Employee assistance programs, and much more 
ScrapedJobID575:
Assist with the technical implementation of Microsoft Enterprise Mobility + Security (EMS) solutions based on client requirements and needs. Maintaining Windows servers through proper patch management, utilizing Configuration Manager and other applicable tools. Experience working with and supporting Windows Autopilot and Intune MDM. Assist during the onboarding of clients with the configuration and setup of systems and to ensure that critical information is gathered. Stay informed in advances in Microsoft and server tools, technologies, and features. Responsible for resolving tickets, updating knowledge articles, problem management bringing tickets to full resolution Document, implement and test changes in accordance with Change Management procedures. Escalate potential problems and client support issues to management or third-party vendors as per SLA contract. Maintain and improve technical documentation associated with supported client environments. Demonstrate excellent customer service skills through all levels of communication, incident/problem management, escalation, and resolution activities. Providing insights and recommendations as well as configuration mentorship to clients around MEM/MDM + EMS Microsoft EMS (Enterprise Mobility + Security) experience (must have) Experience with Mobile Device Management solutions (Intune) (must have) Experience configuring and managing Windows Autopilot deployments and configuration (must have) Experience working with Microsoft Configuration Manager (SCCM) and Desktop Central (DTC) in an enterprise IT environment (must have) Strong, hands-on experience with Microsoft Server and products. Knowledge or desire to develop skills and knowledge related to server patching as well as Cloud platforms, such as Azure, AWS or Google Cloud Platform. 5+ years’ experience supporting clients (Internal or external) via phone, email, or desk side. Experience with Windows Server. Experience with PowerShell Experience with VMware or Hyperflex products would be an asset. Experience with AD and SQL an asset ITIL would be an asset. French speaking would be an asset. Experience working within a 24x7 technical support environment. Softchoice has been recognized as a Best Workplace in Canada by the Great Place to Work Institute for 16 consecutive years. Softchoice has been certified as a Great Place to Work in the United States for several years. We offer meaningful work and opportunities for career growth. Our team members have 2 paid volunteer days per year to give back to a cause of their choice. We offer an opportunity to build a career in the technology industry. We have raised over $3 million through Softchoice Cares, our grassroots fundraising organization. 
ScrapedJobID576:
Collaborate with business and technical team members to understand business requirements for use in designing appropriate solutions Work within and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement and support technical solutions across a full-stack of development tools and technologies Evaluate options and provide recommendations on scope and scale of effort required to implement final requirements Mentor junior developers and continuously improve software engineering practices 10+ years of professional software development experience Extensive experience in architecting and developing complex Java/J2EE applications Solid understanding of the microservice architecture Experience working with client-side technologies such as JavaScript / HTML5 / CSS Experience with a market-leading client-side framework (e.g., React) is a plus. Experience with Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Unit/Integration Testing, etc. Experience working with Docker, Kubernetes, and/or Cloud deployment technologies. Experience building secure software and knowledge of security practices Familiarity with NoSQL databases (e.g., DynamoDB, MongoDB) is a plus Agile development practices Experience designing REST or gRPC based APIs Cloud Services (e.g., AWS/GCP/Azure) Technical design and leadership of features from inception to release Mentoring less experienced engineers Maintaining and promoting a healthy codebase and ensuring high quality of products A typical candidate has a Computer Science degree or equivalent. 
ScrapedJobID577:
Develop in NodeJS and / or Java with high test coverage via unit, integration and UX test frameworks Develop API endpoints in a micro-service architecture (REST) Work collaboratively in an Agile/Scrum team to plan sprints Partner closely with product managers, designers, analysts., and other engineers to build innovative solutions Maintain high availability and measure performance of services at scale Ensure code is well tested via unit, component, and integration tests Proactively refactor code to reduce technical debt and increase efficiency and extensibility. Be highly responsive to critical production issues providing timely and effective solutions. Keep abreast of software industry best practices, processes and front-end and cloud technologies. Deliver high-quality and maintainable code using test-driven methodologies Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related discipline. Solid understanding of computer science principles Knowledge of JavaScript, Node JS, ES6 and React Uphold the overall codebase quality by participating in design review, code review and unit testing. 
ScrapedJobID578:
Design and develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Improve operations by conducting technical analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures. Work with team members to achieve their best by supporting a culture of mentorship, continual learning, knowledge sharing of best practices, and contributing to the positive discussion and debate of ideas. Update team knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Protect operations by keeping information confidential and being proactive about your ideas for improvement. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field. 2+ years of experience with Java. A self-starter with the ability to work effectively in teams with clear communication. Experience maintaining and deploying highly available, fault-tolerant systems. Experience with continuous integration/deployment tooling such as Jenkins, Travis CI, or others. Experience working with Test-Driven Development. Experience with containers (i.e. Docker) Experience working with remote / distributed teams and projects. 
ScrapedJobID579:
Implement hardware description software using a custom hardware description language written in Python Implement support in the drivers for various hardware components written in C and C++ Work on bringing up prototype hardware working closely with the hardware and diagnostics software developers Review hardware functional specifications and provide feedback at early stages of hardware development Work closely with hardware engineers, diags engineers on debugging issues on the hardware prototypes Enhance test automation for testing new platforms Debug problems found by our automated test programs and fix the problems Work with the System Test Engineers to analyze problems found in their tests and provide fixes for those problems Review and contribute to the specifications and implementations written by other team members Helping to create a schedule for the implementation and debugging tasks, updating that schedule weekly, and reporting it to the project lead BS Computer Science/Electrical Engineering/Computer Engineering and 0-3 years of experience, or MS Computer Science/Electrical Engineering/Computer Engineering, or equivalent work experience Knowledge of Python, C or C++ Knowledge of UNIX or Linux Understanding of IP networking and the functions of an IP router. Hands on experience in the design and development of packet forwarding engine software for ethernet switches and routers, other device driver software, UNIX or Linux kernel software, or IP networking software. Applied understanding of software engineering principles Strong problem solving and software troubleshooting skills. Ability to design a solution to a small-sized problem, and implement that solution without outside help. Able to work on a small team solving a medium-sized problem with limited oversight. 
ScrapedJobID580:
Deep understanding of Identity and Access management and the tool's therein Able to work with vendors and manage PoC's Perform business use case analysis to implement identity and access management solutions Identify required attributes, customizing login pages and implement security policies Follow SDLC, change management and document the procedures on Trusted Identity solutions to meet compliance requirements Anticipate, identify, track and resolve technical issues Establish repeatable processes for Access Management Lead the Trusted Identity team in implementing scalable access management and identity lifecycle processes Work closely with business, application, and solution owners to ensure user and role definitions and associated access rights are appropriately Assist in the support of the role-based access control (RBAC) model and maintain role-based access control documentation for operational processes Create and implement automated processes that reduce manual efforts and increase overall efficiency and scalability Manage Security Alerts and provide Incident Response support services, it's not expected someone knows everything but this person should be able to identify and perform triage to resolve a Security Incident Contribute to the development, improvement and operational management of Security Operations, Monitoring and Incident Response practices, processes and solutions Manage, Engineer and maintain other security SaaS applications such as anti-phishing, EDR, or logging tools as require Able to assist in employee trainings , such as creating webinars, create "how-to" tech articles, etc Helping to create and understand an escalation support framework. With the ability track and manage support requests from our partners internally and externally, Practical hands-on experience engineering and implementing data security controls in cloud environments including databases, datastores and SaaS platforms Extensive and demonstrated experience in end-to-end deployment of identity and access management tools Overall understanding of Security Domains, Compliance Requirements, and Risk Management Practices Experience with Okta planning, implementation and operations Experience with Cloud technologies (Google Cloud Platform, Azure or AWS) Understanding of their Identity concepts such as Privileged Account Management and Life Cycle Management General understanding DevOps practices Understanding of building and making tools for our partners, how do we make something into a service? how do we navigate with them Comfortable reading python code and writing basic scripts, or using Low Code / No Code SOAR tools Knowledge of AWS including but not limited to S3, Lambda, RDS, EC2 and AWS Security Center Building and implementing security tools such as anti-phishing, EDR, or EMM/MDM tools Understanding of TCP/IP Networking including knowledge of Protocols and Services Overall understanding of the Security domain, compliance, business, risk, ops etc ALONG with its application to the business Excellent communication, interpersonal and leadership skills, with the ability to interact with staff at all levels. Proven ability to be agile and work effectively in a dynamic environment. Demonstrated ability to perform under pressure and respond rapidly to emerging incidents and situations. Excellent coordination, project management, and organization skills and comfortable with multi-tasking in a high-energy environment. Should be a creative and analytical problem solver with a passion to provide excellent customer service Comprehensive benefits offerings for benefits eligible Teammates. Unique culture that truly values each and every Teammate. Career development and Future Growth Opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID581:
Collaborate with team members to get a better understanding of your user stories. Develop elegant features and solutions for our web and mobile platforms. Communicate with stakeholders as you implement these features. Write unit and integration tests for any features that you build. Be responsible for these features, and fix bugs if necessary. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline. 1+ year of professional software development experience. Have built and maintained web applications. Excitement for learning new domains and new skills. Experience with databases (PostgreSQL, Redis). Experience with scripting (any of: Python, Node, Shell). Knowledge in HTML5, CSS3, and ES6+. Experience with the cloud (AWS, EC2, RDS). Familiarity with Agile build and development processes. Expertise in designing, building, and maintaining RESTful APIs. Languages: Python, JavaScript / Angular Web Stack: Django, Flask, Gunicorn, Nginx Mobile: Ionic, Cordova Mapping/Routing: OpenStreetMap, Open Source Routing Machine Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Redis, PostgreSQL, Celery, RabbitMQ Health/Monitoring: AWS CloudWatch, Prometheus, Grafana, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana Base salary: $70,000 - $85,000 + performance-based bonus or stock options Work-Life Balance: Flex time, work from home, vacation time Benefits Plan: Dental, prescription, disability, massage, and more 
ScrapedJobID582:
Provide timely and effective response to incidents to minimize the impact on our customers and keep colleagues updated as required. Work with development teams to advise and contribute to improvements to operational stability, security, cost management and reporting requirements for our cloud solutions. Continually develop and improve DevOps processes, adding value through optimization, automation and effective reporting. Oversee relevant Cloud deployments to ensure successful implementation, track and report progress, resolve or escalate release issues. Proactively manage cloud environments to minimize service impacting issues, including infrastructure as code, certificates, storage, health status, backup status etc. Ensure new services meet required operational readiness standards before being accepted into operations. Ensure on-going compliance to security practices and policies. Provide subject matter expertise to business stakeholders as required. Maintain clear and accurate operational documentation. Stay current on security industry trends, tools and best practices. Hands-on in Azure administration, Azure APIs and tools or equivalent AWS experience. Knowledge and experience of operational support, software development and deployment methodologies and principles. 3+ years Development experience with exposure to programming skills, e.g. C#, .NET. Knowledge of PowerShell or Node JS scripting. Knowledge of API, REST, microservices and serverless architectures. Strong written, verbal and presentation skills, able to convey information clearly and concisely to technical and non-technical audiences. Attention to detail, diligent and tenacious. Excellent analysis and dissemination skills. Certifications in Azure and/or AWS. Hands-on experience working within an Information Security accredited framework e.g. ISO27001, 27017/18. Experience working in Agile software development such as Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe). 
ScrapedJobID583:
You are passionate about the cutting-edge technologies related to AI/ML You love digging into quantitative and qualitative data You enjoy working with all formats of data -structured/semi-structured and unstructured You have experience working with customer data, building recommendation engines You have experience in building machine learning algorithms You have data engineering experience and the ability to extract data from various sources You have a University Degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Electronic Information Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Data Science. Create interactive dashboards for management for making data-driven decisions. Research and develop RPA, AI, ML models. Lead and manage the back-end dataflows/pipelines for reports and dashboards. Accountable to lead the application of data analytics and reporting for wireless and wireline network data and Engineering workflows within the Technology Division. Accountable to automate complex network models to run simulations and help in the creation of network strategic plans. Develops and guides advanced reporting and analytics teams by instruction, coaching and mentoring. Accountable for the development and design of datasets/databases for reporting on network traffic. Designs and implement repeatable processes to clean and verify the integrity of data ensuring information is available to build analytic systems Accountable to have the awareness of all data and associated tools in use or required for the Technology Division to do business. Actively work with Technology Division areas to ensure the effective, efficient harvesting of value using data. Accountable to serve as a consultant to the Technology Division and other business units on the use of analytics tools and data science principles, data visualization and management of network related data. Maintains confidentiality of highly sensitive issues and information. University Degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Electronic Information Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Data Science. Knowledge and experience in data analytics, data mining and data warehousing. Experience with database design and development, querying databases. Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, R, etc). Experience with data analytic and visualization tools such as Power BI, Splunk, Grafana. Experience with telecommunications networks and general networking theory. Knowledge of Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking, network architectures and standards such as 3GPP are an asset. Working knowledge of consulting, research, change management, project management, continuous improvement and strategic/business planning is an asset. Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written, and the ability to deal effectively with others, demonstrating ability to translate business drivers into technological requirements and effectively communicate using both business and technical terminology. Strong planning, analytical, research and presentation skills. Strong team member, with the ability to influence others. Must demonstrate the ability to work autonomously without supervision. Demonstrates a commitment to self-development and development of others. 
ScrapedJobID584:
Design, develop and deliver fully automated global cloud infrastructure on AWS and GCP Evaluate new technologies and methodologies for integration into the CD platform Conduct code reviews and ensure high programming standards; troubleshoot, analyze the root cause issues in the platform Evaluate existing systems to evolve them for serving in specialized circumstances Fully participate in the ownership of your services and components, including on-call duties Interact with the Engineering for supporting/maintaining/designing backend infrastructure for product support Internal customer outreach, advocacy, and support BS/MS in Computer Science or related field/degree Solid experience in architecting, implementing, tuning, and debugging large enterprise cloud deployments 5+ years experience of software development and DevOps 5+ years experience with CI/CD practices, tool chains such as but not limited to Jenkins, Artifactory, Spinnaker, Github, Docker, Ansible 5+ years experience with designing, building and operating large-scale distributed systems on AWS and/or GCP 4-5 years experience with automation programming in Python, Java, Ruby or similar scripting language Strong experience with infrastructure designing, automation and orchestration Proven experience with Terraform, Docker, and Kubernetes Familiarity with Agile software development process Excellent communication and collaboration skills Experience with Elastic search and ELK stack for logging Experience/expertise with the NoSQL/SQL databases Experience with server less architectures and FaaS on AWS/GCP Understanding of AWS/GCP networking, DNS and security model AWS/GCP certification is nice to have 
ScrapedJobID585:
Apply your expertise in DevOps to help build our next generation of software suites Maintain source code and collaborate with fellow team members on the Azure DevOps platform Design, implement and maintain cloud systems utilizing a wide range of Azure technologies Deploy, configure and monitor on-premise virtual machines utilizing automation platforms Uphold the values and principles of DevSecOps, and build security into the core of all our systems and methodologies Collaborate with fellow team members to improve and upscale the Firm’s tools, procedures and capabilities in DevOps Deploy resources, secure environments and scale firm applications used by team members and clients across Canada Communicate with business partners, the development team, operations team and architects to understand the technical requirements for deployment of applications and infrastructure in an efficient and repeatable way Use infrastructure-as-code methodologies for maintenance and deployment of all our systems Build CI/CD pipelines and manage ongoing maintenance of our applications, with DevOps principles at the forefront Proven experience in at least 1 of the following programming languages:
PowerShell or Bash (preferred)
YAML
C# or similar object-oriented language PowerShell or Bash (preferred) YAML C# or similar object-oriented language Proficiency in at least 2 of the following Azure or AWS technologies:
Azure (including but not limited to the following)
Azure AD, B2B or B2C
Virtual Machines
AKS
Virtual Networks
Azure Functions
App Services
Azure Service Bus
AWS (including but not limited to the following)
EC2
ECS
VPC
Lambdas
Elastic Beanstalk
SQS Azure (including but not limited to the following)
Azure AD, B2B or B2C
Virtual Machines
AKS
Virtual Networks
Azure Functions
App Services
Azure Service Bus Azure AD, B2B or B2C Virtual Machines AKS Virtual Networks Azure Functions App Services Azure Service Bus AWS (including but not limited to the following)
EC2
ECS
VPC
Lambdas
Elastic Beanstalk
SQS EC2 ECS VPC Lambdas Elastic Beanstalk SQS Proven experience in at least 1 of the following Infrastructure as Code (IAC) platforms:
Terraform (preferred)
Ansible (preferred)
Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates
Chef
Salt
Puppet Terraform (preferred) Ansible (preferred) Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates Chef Salt Puppet Proven experience with at least 1 CI/CD automation platform (including, but not limited to the following):
Azure Pipelines (preferred)
GitHub Actions
Jenkins
Octopus Azure Pipelines (preferred) GitHub Actions Jenkins Octopus Experience in at least 1 of the following source control platforms:
Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.)
TFS/TFVC (Microsoft Team Foundation Server)
SVN Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.) TFS/TFVC (Microsoft Team Foundation Server) SVN Experience in Windows or Linux system administration would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID586:
Bring your experience in software engineering to cloud infrastructure development Work within our product teams to improve serverless solutions on AWS Help teams move more quickly with automation and process improvements Coach others in SRE and infrastructure practices Write high quality, well tested code Keeping up to date with latest offerings from AWS Extracting generalized solutions for our platform to increase development efficiency Working in a Kanban workflow within a team Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Web development: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID587:
You love doing backend software development because dealing with a streaming data, large volumes of data, and building an efficient system that just hums along and is always online excites you You enjoy building reusable and flexibile systems that are easy to reconfigure to handle different scenarios You love to keep on top of the latest and greatest in technology, and are able to be opinionated on which are winners, and which are hype Design, develop, and support all aspects of our product platform on both cloud and edge components, including the areas of: Data model and access, High-availability, Fault-tolerance, Scalability, IOT protocols, Edge computing, AI infrastructure, Security consciousness Work closely with front-end, product management, data science, QA, and Support to build and support product Analyze, scope, review, and estimate development activities Be the subject matter expert of your ownership areas of the product Participate in evolving the team’s processes so we’re efficient, and loving what we do Experience with multi-threaded concurrent systems in a producer-consumer pattern An understanding of how distributed systems can be built to be fault-tolerant Skilled in Object Oriented Programming 3 years of experience in Golang, Java, C++, or equivalent (academic projects count) An understanding of insert and query efficiency in RDBMS (such as PostgreSQL or MySQL) Experience with one IaaS provider Clear verbal and written communication and the ability collaborate effectively in a geographically dispersed working environment Bachelors Degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent Experience with Python Experience building software with different datastore technologies other than RDBMS An understanding of Docker Familiarity with IOT communications methods Experience developing integrations with electric utility products, SCADA systems, power-control systems Knowledge, skills, and professional networking in one of the most exciting and positively impactful technology domains that is an intersection of machine learning, data science, electrical engineering, and software Startup experience and ground floor opportunities for growth in a team that includes PhD Smart Grid Engineers, Data Scientists, recent grads, and seasoned business professionals Competitive compensation High quality of life and career in Canada's National Capital Region Working on a team with a serious approach towards our work, rather than ourselves, together with fun and random team events such as Ice Cream Fridays and Cosmological Lunches. You will get the opportunity to come up with one 
ScrapedJobID588:
Ensure the reliability, efficiency and security of applications and services under your group's responsibility. Respond to Availability and Reliability Incidents of applications and services under your group's responsibility Performing objective post-incident analysis and review process along with other teams. Maintain, setup or develop Application Performance Management tools to guarantee your applications can meet their Service Level Objectives Collaborate with Architects and Delivery teams to improve the application's architecture and address reliability concerns Reducing overall operations workload through automation so we can focus on newer work Write, review, and refine technical documentation and diagrams to bring shared understanding across the organization. You are enthusiastic about making a significant difference in the lives of your customers through your work. You are passionate about software engineering and take privacy and security seriously. You are a continual learner, love new ideas and have a natural curiosity to keep improving. You understand the value of efficiency, automation, and reducing costs, and know when not to budge on software and service quality. You are a good example to your peers and demonstrates a high sense of responsibility Excellent problem isolation and troubleshooting skills and a knack for reproducing problems or outages Appetite for solving complex problems and can-do mindset Experience with multiple IT technologies such as Linux, Windows, Networking, etc. Practical hands on working experience doing Application Performance Management with various tools that work together such as: Monitoring and logging tools, Shell scripts or scripting languages Good understanding of Software Delivery, Management and Architecture concepts. 3 or more years relevant experience demonstrating software engineering mindset to software operations 1 or more years experience keeping applications or services reliably running in Microsoft Azure or other cloud platforms. Degree or Diploma in relevant IT fields or equivalent practical experience. Relevant Microsoft Azure Certifications will be an asset. Azure technologies and concepts such as VM, Storage, Key Vault, AKS, Azure Policy, RBAC, App Service, Functions, and others. Azure Disaster Recovery and High Availability solutions. 
ScrapedJobID589:
Bring your expertise to customers who want to transform their company into a data-driven organization. You will be able to leverage all the existing assets created by Deloitte around AI applications, and combine them with your knowledge to build perfectly tailored applications for each customer Work with high profile clients on a variety of Canadian and international engagements, including opportunity to travel across Canada and internationally (as needed) Experience in development deployment automation using Terraform. Experience in deployment automation Some experience in working with the AWS technologies stack Working knowledge of cloud security Experience in developing Terraform automation within the AWS technology stack Working knowledge with the following technologies in AWS Athena and Sagemaker, Beanstalk, ELB Experience in working with GitHub and a CI/CD infrastructure automation workflows. Experience working with AWS security and advance security measure such as temporary credentials. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID590:
Work with cutting edge infrastructure tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm, and Istio Accelerate development across the company with faster, safer, and more frequent deploys Meaningfully improve developer happiness and productivity across the company with better development tools and workflows Contribute directly to the bottom line with cost savings initiatives and optimizations Catch errors and performance issues early with automated monitoring and alerting Maintain and improve security across our infrastructure including firewall rules, access control, audit logging, and disaster recovery. Amazon Web Services Kubernetes (Elastic Kubernetes Service) Infrastructure as Code in Terraform and Helm Datadog and Opsgenie for logging, monitoring, and alerting Postgres for storage and Redis for caching Gitlab for version control and CI/CD Python, Bash, and Docker for local development workflows and CI/CD jobs Tens of containerized microservices running our application code, written in Python and/or JS You have 1+ years experience in a devops or infrastructure role, and 2+ years of software dev experience overall You have experience and comfort with POSIX-based operating systems You have experience with operating a Kubernetes cluster in production You have experience with Infrastructure as Code tools such as Helm and Terraform or their substitutes You understand how networked services in the cloud work: VPC, IP, TCP, DNS, HTTP, etc. You abhor repetitive manual processes and are excited to automate them away You have a sixth sense for spotting waste (in money, time, CPU cycles) and eliminating it You learn quickly, regardless of the languages and technologies used You are a strong communicator You are looking forward to working in a fast-paced startup environment 
ScrapedJobID591:
Provide technical guidance to Caylent engineers on engagements Guide customers during the migration and/or modernization journey Develop long range plans with customer to adopt cloud best practices Ensure high quality of project delivery Design and implement IaC solutions that meet the specific needs of the customer Design and implement DevOps / GitOps solutions and workflows Manage project delivery using Agile methodology, creating backlogs that accurately describe the work to be implemented Experience implementing IaC in AWS Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience leading professional services engagements Enthusiasm for working in a startup environment and the ability to be cross-functional Possess a natural curiosity and excitement for learning new technology Technical background in DevOps or Cloud Pay in USD 100% remote work, either from home or in a shared workspace Generous holidays and unlimited flexible PTO Paid for exams and certifications Peer bonus awards State of the art laptop and tools Individual professional development plan Work with an amazing worldwide team and in an incredible corporate culture 
ScrapedJobID592:
Write clean and elegant code. You will create robust, speedy production components and develop prototypes quickly. You will refactor, simplify and optimize code to develop features more effectively Collaborate. You will work closely with your cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation and innovate solutions to complex business problems. You will contribute to architecture and product discussions when possible. Drive excellence. You will contribute to building our environment that embraces continuous integration using automated testing. You will research and recommend best practices, the latest technologies, and new approaches to improve our software performance, delivery, scalability, and usability. The drive to continuously learn. You want to be part of a collaborative culture of "Engineering Excellence" that continuously improves and pursues knowledge around emerging technologies, languages, and practices. You believe in keeping up with the latest tools, libraries, frameworks and trends in cloud computing. You can pick up new technologies quickly and you can mentor junior developers in optimal use of Java. The experience. You have senior level programming experience and exposure to a variety of different languages including expertise in Java and Javascript. You have worked with databases, Hibernate and AWS. You have extensive hands-on experience contributing to cloud product development in an Agile CI/CD environment and a proven track record of ensuring high-quality code. The interpersonal skills. You have great communication skills and you can build trusting, influential relationships within and across teams. Total Rewards: We offer a competitive salary and benefits package that reflects the value you bring to Vena. We want you to grow with Vena and celebrate its success with our Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). We look ahead and invest in your future with our Retirement Savings Matching Program. We also provide comprehensive health benefits through our employer group plan effective from day one. Career Growth: We invest in your job training, professional development, and continuing education and offer an Education Subsidy. Pursue your interests and chart your growth towards a new position on your current team or a new one. Vena had 100+ employee promotions and internal moves to new roles in 2020 - that’s almost 30%! 
ScrapedJobID593:

ScrapedJobID594:
Work from home, no "return to office" - take back those commuting hours and save those vehicle/transit costs! Daytime working hours - support your work/life balance Additional mentoring opportunities with some of the best in Linux, OpenStack, and more Time off for conferences, obtaining certifications, conference and tuition costs covered Ongoing talent development program Initial mentoring program to bring up to speed on needed technologies Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Minimum 3+ years hands-on experience supporting Linux systems including 2 or more of:
Virtualization - primarily using KVM or OpenStack.
Containers - especially with Docker, LXD/LXC, or Kubernetes.
Storage technologies - block, object and network.
Networking (bonding, firewalling, bridging, switching, network file system tuning, MTU issues, etc.) Virtualization - primarily using KVM or OpenStack. Containers - especially with Docker, LXD/LXC, or Kubernetes. Storage technologies - block, object and network. Networking (bonding, firewalling, bridging, switching, network file system tuning, MTU issues, etc.) Linux integration with other environments (authentication/directory services, network file systems, etc.) Cloud computing (provisioning, monitoring, orchestration, etc.) Troubleshooting experience:
Basic reading of stack traces to be able to search for duplicates, escalate to the correct team.
Understand OS and Application level bugs and advise on next steps
Programming fundamentals in any language. Basic reading of stack traces to be able to search for duplicates, escalate to the correct team. Understand OS and Application level bugs and advise on next steps Programming fundamentals in any language. Customer support experience:
Customer needs are top priority
Communicate clearly and set the right expectations. Customer needs are top priority Communicate clearly and set the right expectations. Possibility of international travel, up to 2 weeks a year for annual team meetings Investigate issues reported by customers by researching and escalating issues Work to resolve complex customer problems related to Canonical's portfolio of products. Ownership of results: Ensure that each support case owned by you is handled according to our Service Level Agreement (SLA) with the highest possible customer satisfaction by setting the right expectations and fulfilling your commitments. Engage directly with customers and work collaboratively by phone, ticketing system, and remote sessions to resolve their issues. Participate in a regular weekend working rotation. Contribute new knowledge base articles and maintain existing articles, ensuring shared knowledge and lessons learned are available to customers. Understanding Ubuntu development process to be able to set customer expectations correctly on timeline for a fix. 100% Work-from-home Learning and Development Competitive Salary Recognition Rewards Annual Leave Priority Pass for travel Flexible working option 
ScrapedJobID595:
Engage with clients to develop a keen understanding of their goals, strategies and technical needs Work closely with clients to understand their system architecture and scope out technical requirements to build conversational AI experience Build prototypes of the proposed technical solutions & API integrations with backend systems Provide technical support to our internal optimization team to implement complicated transactional use cases for VA Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to deliver technical solutions Drive best practices, architectural assessments, and work breakdown with client services team Lead technical sessions with client, becoming a trusted advisor to decision makers and stakeholders while demonstrating mastery of the technical domain University degree in a technical or mathematical discipline (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering) or equivalent experience 3+ year of Experience in client facing roles such as SaaS services or consulting roles, leading a client facing delivery to exceed client expectation and deliver on-time Strong technical experience in professional services and a proven track record of successfully delivering projects Good knowledge of modern Web frameworks, RESTful services and Microservices architecture Experience in documenting detailed call flows Experience working on enterprise deployments involving multiple vendors Excellent client-facing communication skills Knowledge of Azure and google cloud services Experience in end-to-end deployment of chatbot built on Microsoft Bot Framework will be a great asset 
ScrapedJobID596:
Lead testing Workday Talent functionality with particular focus on employee engagement & feedback. Build test methodology and test data set-up for configurations, business and transactional processing, web services and reporting. Grow as a functional domain and product specialist. Collaborate with Talent Product Managers and Developers on design and testing results. Think creatively and consider issues from a customer perspective, while bringing a pragmatic approach to solving issues. Act as customer advocate in understanding requirements, while guiding on principles in the development and quality release of Talent functionality. 5+ years’ experience working in Talent Management systems . Experience in functional end-to-end workflow testing, including test planning and execution. Creative and organized, with a dedicated customer approach. High degree of attention to detail, with an eagerness for troubleshooting and problem-solving. Hard-working and confident with the ability to work with different teams. A Talent professional, implementer or business analyst looking to transition into testing the design and configuration of enterprise applications. 
ScrapedJobID597:
Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in a partner or channel manager role, building partner ecosystems. Experience managing internal/external stakeholders in a customer-support environment. Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. MBA or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or a related field. Experience helping integrate processes between Google and external parties, and designing systems, tools, and workflows to help integrations. Experience as a solution engineer or developer with Google Cloud Platform, or similar public cloud environments. Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups and work well in an ambiguous, fast-changing environment. Ability to execute in a customer-focused environment and advocate for partners and customers in a cross-functional organization. Develop the technical integration design and plans and lead the effort to onboard new partners (e.g., strategic alliances, resellers, technology partners, managed service providers). Establish effective relationships and collaborate across all Google Cloud customer-facing teams in your region to deliver a unified approach with partners, and contribute strategically to the growth and direction of Google Cloud’s partner business. Lead ongoing management and monitoring of support quality provided by the partner to their clients. Complete regular reviews to evaluate and assess existing partner’s competencies along with key trends in customer needs to surface improvement or new tech adoption opportunities to partners. Interact directly with stakeholders to resolve high-profile escalations and challenges, and improve the customer experience and drive initiatives that increase their likelihood of success on Google Cloud Platform. 
ScrapedJobID598:
Work closely with the Product Manager and developers to develop test ideas from high level requirements Refine test ideas into test plans & test cases for product features Execute test plans to ensure high quality software is being delivered to customers Report on test progress, recommend test priorities, assess quality risks and raise issues as required Help troubleshoot issues by providing detailed reproduction steps and documentation Implement and maintain automated test cases, tooling, and test framework Diagnose and resolve automated test case failures 5+ years experience working with commercial software Working knowledge of common networking protocols (e.g. HTTP/HTTPS, TCP/IP, DNS) Experience working with virtual or cloud-based platforms (e.g. VMWare, HyperV, AWS, Azure) Ability to learn and understand complex systems and technical issues Excellent troubleshooting skills Ability to prioritize, focus and drive tasks to completion Devotion to producing high quality, high performance systems Sense of humour and a willingness to have fun 2+ years experiencing working with Linux-based software Experience working with networking or security software Experience with Test Automation Experience with: Jenkins, GIT, Bash, Perl, Test Rail, Azure, AWS Experience working in an Agile development environment Bachelor's degree in computer software (or equivalent) Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID599:

ScrapedJobID600:
A strong analytical thinker and problem-solver Self-starter and quick learner with proactive mindset and good communication skills You possess a strong sense of ownership and take pride in the work that you do Thrive in ambiguous situations, you know when to take charge and move forward Passionate for automation, you understand that automation not only saves time, but allows developers to spend more time doing what they do best - code! Well versed in best practices in the DevSecOps and Cloud Engineering fields Research, architect, implement and support technologies and processes to automate security operations that seamlessly integrate into software development, CICD, and cloud infrastructure Research, architect, implement and support monitoring, auditing, and reporting solutions that support security and compliance needs Lead and coordinate the technical investigation and remediation efforts in case of security incidents Work closely with developers during the deployment and testing phases to provide insights into security best practices Advocate and implement industry best practices for configuration management and build/deployment automation Participate in an on-call rotation to triage and analyze abnormalities in security operation Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field OR equivalent experience Must have 5-8+ years' experience in a DevSecOps / DevOps engineering role, with experience in the following: Evaluating, developing, and implementing DevSecOps tooling and processes to embed security within the SDLC. Application security testing tools (SAST, DAST, IAST, OSA, or similar.) Working knowledge of vulnerability assessment and security/penetration testing Cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, etc. Containerization such as Docker, Kubernetes, and infrastructure as code such as Terraform The build and release process and continuous integration and delivery Strong scripting and tools created in a scripting language like PowerShell, Shell, Bash, or Python Local and wide area networking technology and concepts: TCP/UDP, TLS/SSL, HTTP, NAT, VPN, etc. IPv6 as asset Working knowledge of PKI, asymmetric and symmetric encryption, and other cypher technologies CISSP certification is a plus Generous vacation policy, paid holidays, and paid parental leave Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Downtown Toronto Office in the Entertainment District- easy walk to TTC and Union Station Work from home flexibility Seismic Cares volunteer program #OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency 
ScrapedJobID601:
A strong analytical thinker and problem-solver Self-starter and quick learner with proactive mindset and good communication skills You possess a strong sense of ownership and take pride in the work that you do Thrive in ambiguous situations, you know when to take charge and move forward Passionate for automation, you understand that automation not only saves time, but allows developers to spend more time doing what they do best - code! Well versed in best practices in the DevSecOps and Cloud Engineering fields Research, architect, implement and support technologies and processes to automate security operations that seamlessly integrate into software development, CICD, and cloud infrastructure Research, architect, implement and support monitoring, auditing, and reporting solutions that support security and compliance needs Lead and coordinate the technical investigation and remediation efforts in case of security incidents Work closely with developers during the deployment and testing phases to provide insights into security best practices Advocate and implement industry best practices for configuration management and build/deployment automation Participate in an on-call rotation to triage and analyze abnormalities in security operation Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field OR equivalent experience Must have 5-8+ years' experience in a DevSecOps / DevOps engineering role, with experience in the following: Evaluating, developing, and implementing DevSecOps tooling and processes to embed security within the SDLC. Application security testing tools (SAST, DAST, IAST, OSA, or similar.) Working knowledge of vulnerability assessment and security/penetration testing Cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, etc. Containerization such as Docker, Kubernetes, and infrastructure as code such as Terraform The build and release process and continuous integration and delivery Strong scripting and tools created in a scripting language like PowerShell, Shell, Bash, or Python Local and wide area networking technology and concepts: TCP/UDP, TLS/SSL, HTTP, NAT, VPN, etc. IPv6 as asset Working knowledge of PKI, asymmetric and symmetric encryption, and other cypher technologies CISSP certification is a plus Generous vacation policy, paid holidays, and paid parental leave Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Downtown Toronto Office in the Entertainment District- easy walk to TTC and Union Station Work from home flexibility Seismic Cares volunteer program #OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency 
ScrapedJobID602:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go). 5 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools (e.g., TensorFlow), deep learning, and/or Natural Language Processing. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projects. Experience with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar. Experience with relevant technologies (e.g., Tensorflow, Flume, machine learning libraries). Relevant professional experience with applied data analytics and predictive modeling. Act as a thought leader, designing/building next-generation models. Lead and grow machine learning software developers. Improve, simplify, productionization, and launch of our cloud based models. Design, run, and analyze experiments. Collaborate with other modeling and research teams across Google. 
ScrapedJobID603:
Take responsibility for the design and building of robust Business Intelligence and Analytical environments that support self-serve analytics, canned reporting, and deep analysis for Data Scientists. Be responsible for the design and development of the Enterprise Analytics Data Warehouse and reporting environment, taking business reporting requirements and working with the data architect, platform engineering, DBA, and data governance teams to design ingestion mechanisms, Process and transform this data into Data models that ultimately deliver the analytical layer of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) to serve the needs to data analysts and end users. Work with business users and subject matter experts to conduct needs analysis, gathering, validating, and refining business requirements. Perform data validation and testing with end users and subject matter experts. Documents requirements and business rules into appropriate specifications for new reports and/or system enhancements utilizing process and data modeling techniques. Deliver on project objectives and the seamless delivery of same to business clients Monitor new deployments and services Act as the primary point of contact throughout the development delivery and follow up of project initiatives Experience and solid understanding of SQL constructs and expertise writing any one flavor of SQL (T-SQL, PL/SQL, PostreSQL) Experience in building a scalable ELT/ETL framework to enable fast execution of the data warehouse. Experience in building and maintaining data warehouses on AWS using AWS native tools would be an asset Working knowledge of building Enterprise data warehouses on premise using any of the major platforms. Oracle/Microsoft/SAP etc. Solid understanding of Data warehouse modeling constructs and solution architecture in the cloud Experience programming in any of the modern languages limited to data processing. (Python, Java, Node.js) would be an asset Experience working in an agile environment and familiarity with all sprint ceremonies. Familiarity with any modern data visualization tools. Experience building data quality validation both during solution build and for continuous data flows. Experience handling moderate to large data set Proficient in Microsoft Data Management Platform (SQL Server, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI) Working knowledge in Tableau Strong interpersonal and communication skills to be a part of and support cross-functional teams 
ScrapedJobID604:
Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired into our office 
ScrapedJobID605:
Threat modeling and mitigation for AWS services Review test cases and ensure quality assurance will cover security Contribute to the full lifecycle of software components, from requirements through design, testing, development, release, and demise Evaluate, implement, and enforce software development best practices Provide frictionless integration with the runtime, deployment, and SDLC technologies Support sales by providing technical insights, including estimation and technical proposals Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field A strong grounding in security concepts, including secure coding practices, trusted computing, and principles of authentication and authorization Knowledge of AWS services and related security configurations – IAM, S3, DynamoDB, KMS, EC2, ECS, etc. Hands-on experience deploying AWS infrastructure Ability to code review OPA and Rego policies Ability to write code for infrastructure deployment using CDK and CloudFormation templates Experience deploying and supporting software across the full Continuous Delivery life-cycle Familiar with version control, CI/CD, and configuration management tools Ability to reason about performance, security, and process interactions in complex distributed systems Excellent communications skills, with the ability to collaborate well with both technical and non-technical audiences, both written and orally Experience in agile/scrum methodologies Comfortable working with remote / distributed teams and projects Prior experience writing infrastructure as code security policies Understanding of PKI, X.509, key exchange protocols, and authentication protocols, including token-based authentication Experience meeting demands for high availability, low latency, and scale Remote interview process Social distancing guidelines in place Temporarily working fully remote Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID606:
Monitor systems and telemetry of the HBC Digital Platform, including Salesforce Commerce Cloud, Service Cloud, and Mobile platforms for operational health in terms of site availability, reliability, capacity, and performance. Prioritize and develop automated administrative and operational tasks to continuously improve site stability, capacity, and reliability. Provide active incident response support, investigate major problems, and ensure the timely and effective return to normal operations of the Hudson’s Bay Digital, CRM, and Mobile platforms during major incidents. Provide periodic on-call support based on established 24/7/365 support schedules. Collaborate with DevOps, Digital Development, and QA teams to ensure that Production environments are deployment ready in accordance with HBC Change Management processes and the Digital release schedule. Provide L2 and L3 operational support to business partners, developers, and cross-functional technology teams as-needed. Support incident management and problem management efforts with root cause analysis to effectively identify and resolve issues related to platform reliability, stability, and performance through the careful analysis of telemetry data and system logs. Collaborate with Engineering and Project teams to perform production readiness assessments and ensure that proper controls and process are in place. Work closely with DevOps teams to execute production change management requests on behalf of the Digital Engineering teams. Evaluate and propose tools and techniques to improve operational activities. Support Development teams in the provision and configuration of lower environments. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent AWS, Azure, Microsoft, Salesforce CC and/or Salesforce SC, certifications, and knowledge of ITIL practices Strong troubleshooting, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience in the administration and support of Digital Retail Platforms, e.g. Salesforce CC, Shopify, Magento, IBM WebSphere Commerce, etc. Experience with monitoring, logging & telemetry tools like New Relic, Splunk, ELK, Nagios, SolarWinds, Prometheus, AWS CloudWatch, Datadog, etc. Basic understanding of Networking, Content Delivery Networks (CDN, e.g. Akamai, Cloudflare), and Cloud Platforms. Hand-on experience in the monitoring of streaming platform technologies, like Apache Kafka. Experience with automation and tools such as (but not limited to) Jenkins, Chef, Terraform, Ansible, etc. Experience in creating and maintaining Automation (PowerShell, Python, Ruby, AWK, SED, etc.) to run health-checks and self-healing capabilities for the platforms. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Experience in the use/support of the following platforms and technologies: Cloud: MS Azure, AWS Cloud, Salesforce CC, Salesforce SC, Google Cloud. Networking fundamentals: TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, etc. Collaboration & Change Management tools: Jira, ServiceNow, Cherwell, etc. 4+ years of experience working in global organizations with the ability to effectively communicate with executives, leaders and individual contributors across the organization. 4+ years of SRE experience working on telemetry, observation, self-healing solutions, and platform automation Competitive salary and benefits package Associate discount up to 40% including top brands Flexible work environment that allows for work-life balance 
ScrapedJobID607:
Acquiring a complete understanding of how data moves and is transformed across our systems from raw event logs to critical reports consumed by internal teams Creating and maintaining optimal data pipelines within our architecture Building jobs and tools on top of the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into key metrics Debugging discrepancy issues that come up in the ETL (e.g. misaligned metrics with 3rd parties, duplicates, failures in the ETL, performance bottlenecks) Building tools to automate data verification and ensure the integrity of our reported metrics Integrating data from multiple sources across internal and external partners Working alongside Data Engineers and Project Managers to strive for greater functionality in our data systems Experience with object-oriented, functional, and scripting languages e.g.: Scala, Python, Java SQL skills Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases such as including Redshift, Postgres, Redis, and MySQL Experience with tools used for large scale data processing: Spark, Hadoop, Kafka Experience with cloud services such as Amazon AWS Knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ technologies Understanding of the different federated querying, data warehousing, and BI technologies and how they work together to form a Data Platform. Knowledge of Machine Learning and experience implementing ML applications Worked with real-time and streaming analytics Experience building tech that operates at scale Contributed to an Open Source Project Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID608:
Customer Onboarding and Provisioning - Support the Generalist VCSP with non-standard onboarding and provisioning questions and customer presentations Proactively Monitor Customer Consumption - Understand the customer consumption risks and aid in developing plans, content, and enablement (in concert with our content and enablement teams) for the generalist VCSP's and our customers. In situations where potential Shelfware risk may occur, the Training and Adoption VCSP Specialist should work with the end customer and account teams on developing a use case Product Roadmaps - Assist Training and Adoption customers with questions pertaining to product and solution roadmaps Knowledge and best Practice Sharing - Assess ongoing customer needs and work with content team to develop 1:N reusable customer-facing assets Furthermore, the VCSP Training and Adoption Specialist will provide ongoing knowledge sharing and enablement to Generalist VCSP's by documenting processes, creating templates, and organizing all relevant content and team activities for transparency, team collaboration and effective onboarding of new VCSPs as the role expands Respond to risk scenarios. VCSPs will be a point of contact for defined customer risk scenarios helping to orchestrate appropriate communication channels for support but are not considered a replacement for standard SAP support and practices Bachelor degree or equivalent Experience in Learning & Development, HR, Training or Education Consulting Knowledge of learning trends and learning technologies Fluent in English, French is a plus. Record of building strong customer relationships (internal and external) Experience in managing complex customer engagements A self‐starter, with energy, drive and the ability to manage multiple priorities. Experience acting as a trusted advisor to customers. Knowledge of SaaS models and Cloud mindset. Capability to handle challenging customer situations and work effectively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment; must be able to maintain a positive, solutions oriented and professional manner throughout. Excellent listening skills; strong oral and written communication skills; with the ability to influence stakeholders Ability to identify and understand the needs of the customers, hence leading up to an opportunity Capability to acquire a thorough knowledge of SAP products and eco-systems, and be able to communicate and demonstrate their value The VCSP needs to be a master at networking and coordinating resources across many teams within many functions to make sure we provide the most effective scalable processes Commercial experience including experience developing account management plans Aptitude for creative/innovative thinking and analysis Solutions focus Proactive and responsive Forward thinking and solution oriented Product know-how on the SAP Education product suite with a focus on the cloud solutions, SAP Enable Now in particular Experience with working in a virtual team, or the willingness to learn Experience managing a higher volume of customers at scale is a preference WORK EXPERIENCE 5+ years of experience working with external clients (consulting, account management, or project experience) either within an SAP cloud solution and/or industry based. Alternatively, you have gained an equivalent amount of experience in a customer facing role. 
ScrapedJobID609:
Architect solutions to scale up and maintain a system already running thousands of on-demand student Docker containers concurrently from over 1 TB of course Lab images. Manage services, networks, storage, deployment, security, and monitoring in AWS. Keep disaster recovery components ready for use and participate in disaster simulations. Tune Linux instances to maximize performance and stability while minimizing hosting costs. Design a process to automate software updates. Create smoke tests to allow or block updates. On-Call to analyze failures, create technically detailed JIRA tickets, and restore production systems. Assist with maintaining environments for software development and QA. Work with other engineers on the team to improve software performance, stability, and diagnostics collection. Monitor for trends in usage that will require hosting/instance/pricing adjustments. Familiarity with AWS hosting components such as EC2, CloudFormation, CodeDeploy, etcDeep knowledge of Docker. Experience with Kubernetes is a plus Disaster Recovery and multi-region hosting architecture. Expertise in IAC. Experience with Terraform is a plus. Technical diagnostics at the application, Linux system, and cloud levelsAbility to work closely with other engineers to propose improvements and analyze the advantages/disadvantages of them 
ScrapedJobID610:
Be a technical subject matter expert on iboss cloud and appliance products and the underlying infrastructure of the ecosystem Work with customers and sales engineers to design, implement, and troubleshoot business solutions in complex environments Perform product installations (primarily remote), initial configurations, and product training Assist with technical support escalation requests Ensure customer support issues are resolved in accordance with SLAs Create and manage internal and external product and training documentation Attend and present at tradeshows and onsite training seminars The ability to communicate effectively and efficiently to customers over the phone is critical 3+ years of experience designing and supporting multilayer IP networks; routing and switching 5+ years of experience with network security; firewalls, intrusion prevention, risk assessment, pen testing, content filtering, PKI, SSL/TLS 3+ years of experience managing large (>1k seat) Windows and Mac workstation deployments 5+ years of experience managing Windows Server and Red Hat Linux server environments; Expert level with Linux 5+ years of experience managing DNS; Microsoft and Bind Experience with Virtualization and specifically VDI implementations Experience with acquiring and analyzing packet captures Experience/familiarity with managing enterprise deployments of iOS, Android, and Chromebook devices A degree in engineering or networking is preferred; MIS graduate is a plus Solid understanding of networking, server, and web technologies Expert-level Linux knowledge; Red Hat is a plus Experience architecting complex solutions Experience with IT management products and services Domain expertise with IT operations, application management and/or security/compliance is desirable Some experience with network directories is desirable Fluency in English is required and fluency in Spanish is a plus Paid Time Off (PTO) Company paid holidays Optimistic, supportive, and FUN work environment Fantastic company events This position is not eligible for sponsorship of work visas 
ScrapedJobID611:
Maintain and extend frameworks and automation solutions for testing Participate in code/peer reviews with team members Have the ability to work in fast paced environment within a small team that collaborates with multiple teams Develop test cases from business requirements (create test data as required) Analyze, document, and report status, test results, and testing progress according to the test plan Document, track and escalate issues as appropriate, using JIRA Identify and log defects, work with development to resolve, and verify fixes when implemented Familiarity with software testing (unit, integration, functional, regression). Basic programming skills in any OOP language Intermediate level of English Strong work ethics Must be able to multitask and work independently or in a team Strong organizational skills and attention to details Financial systems/operations background is a plus Experience with Linux/Unix environment is a plus 
ScrapedJobID612:

ScrapedJobID613:
Assist with the development of formal sales plans and proposals for assigned opportunities. Transfer industry, technical, and product knowledge to customers. Keep up-to-date on relevant competitive solutions, products and services. Provide technical and sales support for accounts in assigned territory. Perform advanced contact center technical presentations for customers, and prospects remotely and in-person. Develop and maintain expert understanding of RingCentral Contact Center applications and products. Representation at conferences, industry, and sales events when requested by department manager. Actively participate as an SME for contact center products and technologies, providing consultative support to other Sales Engineers. Provide direct support for the technical fulfillment of RFI’s, RFQ’s and RFP’s as needed. Ability to provide technical leadership to the account team. Ability to work effectively on a remote basis. Ability to teach other members of the team and act as a mentor as required. Requires an action oriented individual with a very strong initiative to be successful. Willingness to take ownership of accounts and account related actions. Must be able to coordinate across various groups and functional teams. Ability to complete job responsibilities with minimal supervision. Demonstrate ability to implement, drive and track projects Ability to apply solutions, technology and products to a business opportunity. Willingness to travel throughout assigned region. Knowledge and demonstrated operating experience with contact center applications. Understanding of customer communications requirements for contact centers. Experience with RingCentral Contact Center or inContact Contact Center is a plus. Competitive knowledge including solution, technology and product offerings. Understanding and conversant about company, solutions and product strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. Fluent in English (both written and verbal). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent presentation and demonstration skills. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent interpersonal skills and negotiating skills. Demonstrates the ability to excel at understanding and communicating complex technical solutions and issues. 4+ years experience with contact center solutions. Pre-Sales experience required. Strong telecommunications background preferred. RingCentral product experience and/or relevant experience in key competitor offerings in technology area of emphasis are preferred. Some understanding of software development technologies is desirable. Some experience with project management and resource tracking desired. Some experience in Operations, Security, Planning, and Implementation desired. Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance Health Savings Account (HSA), Flexible Spending Account (FSAs) and Commuter Benefits 401K match and ESPP Flexible PTO Wellness programs including 1:1 wellness coaching through TaskHuman and meditation guidance through Headspace Paid parental leave and new parent gift boxes Pet insurance Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with counseling sessions available 24/7 Rocket Lawyer services that provide legal advice, document creation and estate planning Employee bonus referral program 
ScrapedJobID614:
MS Windows Linux Android Eclipse System integration Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems Visual C++ / MFC Servlet PHP JavaScript JSP HTML CSS C C++ ASP SQL C# .NET Angular.js Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) Oracle Internet Device drivers File management software Security software Programming languages Software development SQL MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Cloud Salesforce 
ScrapedJobID615:
Responsible for automation/configuration management of all development, staging, and production environments as well as the automation of continuous integration and continuous delivery Design, build and optimize automation systems that operate web and cloud-based platforms Develops self-service solutions to support the delivery of software with great speed, security, reliability, and quality Keep up with industry best practices and trends on DevOps, and drive implementation of best practices Research, onboard, and contract negotiations of appropriate technology tools and services Collaborate with developers on software requirements Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostics tests Managing the installation and configuration of various solutions Configuration of data pipelines 4+ year’s experience in any of the following, DevOps, Continuous Integration Role, Full Stack Developer Hands-on experience with Cloud automation, Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration (CI) Strong experience using Linux/Unix Distributions like Ubuntu Advanced knowledge of programming languages and frameworks such as Python Django/Flask Significant experience with AWS Ability to pay attention to details Advance knowledge of monitoring tools like Grafana Solid understanding of relevant networking concepts like DNS, Reverse Proxies, CDNs, Domains etc.. Advanced knowledge of web server software such as Apache/NGINX Solid experience building serverless applications using AWS Lambda Experience in managing and automating infrastructure An understanding of Distributed Systems and Scalable Architectures Ability to install and configure software, gather test-stage data and perform debugging Ability to read, write and debug code Experience with orchestration tools such as Jenkins/Travis Strong programming and analytical experience with a variety of automation tools Advance experience with Postgres, TimescaleDB Benefits: Parity offers a comprehensive health benefit package - health is wealth! Wellness programs: This year we launched a partnership with Fitness Bound. Every week we offer a virtual HIIT or Yoga class.
In addition to a competitive vacation package we also offer an additional 10 days of PTO: sick/personal days In addition to a competitive vacation package we also offer an additional 10 days of PTO: sick/personal days Purpose and Impact: We hire top talent that cares about the social impact and vision, to help make urban living sustainable. It really makes a difference to work alongside a group of individuals who are all dedicated and passionate about creating positive change. Training and development: Each employee has a $1,000 training allowance that can be used however they like, as long as it supports their role or growth within the company. Employee Options: Every single employee in the company has the opportunity to participate in our equity incentive plan 
ScrapedJobID616:

ScrapedJobID617:
MS or BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering/Science Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to quickly ramp up on new technologies and standards Experience in electronic hardware circuits, programming/scripting languages e.g. Python/TCL/C/C++ General knowledge of embedded systems, analog, and digital circuits, software/firmware development and testing methodology Good oral and written skills for communication and documentation Experience of firmware debugging tools such as JTAG, ARM SWD, scopes and logical analyzer Ability to read and understand PCB schematic is an asset Knowledge of high-speed interfaces such as Flash, DDR, and PCI Express is an asset Knowledge of video decoding and encoding is an asset 
ScrapedJobID618:

ScrapedJobID619:
Leading a distributed engineering team (30+ engineers in 4 geographical locations) that is responsible for carrier integrations for the Assurance platform, along with a lot of business domain-specific functionality. Working with a diverse set of stakeholders (VPs, Directors, and Product Managers) that grow Assurance business in the Health, Medicare, Life, Property & Casualty, and Personal Finance domains to plan engineering team roadmap and deliver on it. Being both a partner to, and a customer of your peer Infrastructure and Platform teams, and work with their engineering leaders to identify opportunities to improve the Assurance platform for all users across all business domains. Build the next generation of a carrier integration platform that would allow us to integrate with tens of new carriers & product vendors by 2023 at a fraction of the time and engineering cost we spend today. Support rapid growth of Assurance business across all domains, and be the engineering leader who can frugally solve today’s problems, while playing the long game and building systems for tomorrow. Define platform-level SLO's for your services, and ensure your teams meet or exceed the objectives. Exceptional base salary plus bonus structure Comprehensive benefits which include, medical, dental, vision, 401K and more Unlimited paid vacation, sick leave, plus paid holidays. Growth opportunities, advance your career rapidly, we offer leadership development training and promote from within. Ongoing coaching and career development including individual and group coaching sessions. Fast paced, high performance environment. 
ScrapedJobID620:
Be part of a dynamic team that is passionate about creating industry-changing, cloud-based applications and platforms. Solve real customer problems and experiment with new ideas. Decompose existing software systems while working with and influencing others to improve overall architecture Collaborate with QA engineers to ensure accurate and comprehensive testing coverage Contribute to troubleshooting and technical support of the product Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle 5+ years of UI development experience Proficiency with JavaScript ES6 experience Familiarity with open-source Java stack development (Java, Gradle, Git, Jenkins, JUnit, Tomcat) Experience working with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React or Vue) Knowledge of unit test frameworks like Jest and React-testing-library Proficiency with CSS abstraction layers (e.g. SASS or JSS) Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Engineering at Veeva Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID621:
Research, critically analyze and implement (build, train, evaluate and maintain) ML solutions. Developing scalable data models and ETL pipelines. Design, build, integrate data from various resources, and manage big datasets. Analyze data to identify potential problems and issues. Help develop techniques for supporting data governance, security, privacy and retention. Develop tools to help analyze and monitor datasets. Ensure the quality assurance and quality control of all data being processed. Automation of processing common data sources into existing data schemas and generation of reports and statistics. Development experience with Python. Experience with Jupyter Notebooks and data libraries like Pandas, Numpy and/or Spark. Experience working with classification problems and survival models. Experience with cloud services, cloud storage (s3, blob storage, etc.). Experience with ETL and data transformation and mappings. Experience building unit tests and pipelines for data. Experience with data storage technologies and formats, data modelling, and API integrations. Experience with financial lending models or similar Experience with explainable AI solutions Experience with serverless architectures. You are self-motivated and thrive in a high trust, fast-paced environment. You have analytical, critical thinking, quantitative reasoning, problem-solving skills with high attention to details and accuracy, You are confident in your abilities and drive results. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Python: 3 years (preferred) ML: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID622:
You will play a pivotal role in helping to enhance the QE test automation framework for the channels area, promoting and improving testability, creating and automating test cases, and identifying and reporting defects Advocate the usage of test automation frameworks Design, document, and implement test automation so there is broad functional test coverage Support all project test activities, enhance, develop and execute automated test scripts, record and track software discrepancies Facilitate resolution and communication across functional groups on issues and decisions Work with project stakeholders and developers to ensure that all aspects of the system have proper testing coverage and overall system reliability, performance and quality Hands-on experience in developing and implementing efficient test strategies focused on automation Expert in leading test case design to provide efficient optimal coverage though unit test, component/service based tests and complex “real life” test scenarios Experience in a variety of test automation frameworks/tools (SoapUI/ReadyAPI; Robot Framework) and script development using scripting languages (e.g., Perl, Python, Bash, etc.) Excellent knowledge in designing and coding of automation test scrips using Robot Automation Framework, Python, Selenium and API Minimum 5 years of experience in application testing in a QE/test environment with a focus on technical, automated testing in a variety of environments (cloud, Business workflows and services/APIs, databases) 5 + years of experience in Python 3 + year of experience in Robot Automation Framework 3+ years of experience in API testing Automated Testing Test Planning & Implementation 
ScrapedJobID623:
Design, document, develop and execute automation test scripts Analyze, document and report test results Maintain the health of the automated test cases between releases/sprints Define and ensure adherence to the automated test strategy, processes and standards Coach and mentor team members in test automation and industry best practices Provide test automation architecture, frameworks, design and code review Work with Sr. Quality Analyst and Lead Quality Analyst to establish a test automation plan Experience of developing sophisticated automation testing plans. Deep knowledge of UI Automation, Web Service Automation and Performance / Load Testing Good at developing reusable, low maintenance automation scripts. Good at strategizing automation delivery by analyzing automation ROI Solid experience with one or more (Ruby, Python, Java) scripting languages Well versed with REST/SOAP API testing, SOAPUI, Postman 4+ years of experience with building or maintaining an automated test framework 3+ years of experience creating Selenium tests Experience working with JSON, XML. Strong understanding of SQL queries and GUI design standards, especially as they relate to test automation object recognition. 2+ years of experience using agile software development life cycle. Good verbal and written communication skills in English Good Analysis, problem solving, time management skills Strong in understanding of standard software test methodologies Experience with source control system and versioning releases Experience using cloud based infrastructure for testing is desirable Experience working with Robot Framework ISTQB Foundation certification Experience with eCommerce projects Experience of Acceptance Test Driven Development ISTQB Foundation certified (if not, will be required to be certified within 6 months from date of joining) Hybris Business Analyst Certification (Will be required to be certified within 9 months from date of joining) 
ScrapedJobID624:
Implement code changes to resolve defects and create new functionality. Develop and Implement test cases. Work with source code management to submit changes Work cohesively within a large software development team. Track work and document solutions using established tools and processes. Troubleshoot and assist with operational issues. A Bachelor degree in Information Technology or equivalent A minimum of 2-3 years in a professional software development role. Experience developing software using a general purpose programming language. Experience working with Ruby and/or Ruby on Rails. Working knowledge of front end technologies used in modern web development. Experience working with data in various formats such as XML and JSON. Interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Analytical and problem solving skills 
ScrapedJobID625:
Maintaining our infrastructure Pushing code to our clients faster Support the team to deliver higher quality software, and deliver more frequently Helping our developers to be more efficient Monitoring our server so that we can minimize downtime Scaling our infrastructure BS/MS in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent 2+ years of experience supporting mission critical production applications Experience with building, deploying and scaling out SaaS/cloud applications on Azure, Alibaba Cloud or AWS Experience with automation tools such as Octopus Deploy, Ansible, Chef, Puppet Experience with scripting languages such as PowerShell, Bash, Shell Some knowledge of .NET, C#, Java or C++ Experience with maintaining applications in Windows and Linux environments Experience with mobile application deployments (HockeyApp, App Center, fastlane or other) Company relocation benefits will not be provided for this position. Candidates need to live within the territory or within commuting distance to this location Entretenir notre infrastructure Accélérer la transmission du code vers nos clients Aider l’équipe à fournir des logiciels de meilleure qualité et à accélérer la cadence de livraisons Aider nos développeurs à être plus efficaces Surveiller notre serveur afin que nous puissions minimiser les périodes d’indisponibilité Faire évoluer notre infrastructure Baccalauréat/maîtrise en informatique ou en systèmes d’information, ou une formation équivalente Au moins 2 années d’expérience en soutien aux applications de production Expérience en conception, déploiement et mise à l’échelle d’applications de logiciels-services/infonuagiques sur AWS, Azure ou Alibaba Cloud Compréhension de Docker et des outils d’orchestration des conteneurs comme Docker Swarm, Kubernetes et Service Fabric Expérience avec des outils d’automatisation comme Octopus Deploy, Ansible, Chef, Puppet Expérience en intégration continue au moyen de Jenkins, de GitLab CI, de Travis CI ou d’un autre outil d’intégration continue Bilinguisme (anglais et français); excellentes habiletés en communication écrite et orale Expérience en contrôle de code source Git, GitFlow, requêtes de fusion, etc. Expérience avec les langages de script comme PowerShell, Bash, Shell Expérience en surveillance d’applications, de la performance et de la sécurité Connaissance des protocoles de sécurité et des systèmes de gestion des identités relatifs aux applications comme Active Directory (AD), LDAP, SAML, OAuth, SSO, Okta Expérience en maintenance d’applications dans les environnements Windows et Linux Expérience en déploiement d’applications mobiles (HockeyApp, App Center, Fastlane ou autre) Connaissance en réseaux IP, sécurité des réseaux, équilibrage de charge, coupe-feu et atténuation des attaques par déni de service Expérience en collecte et analyse de journaux et de mesures (Elastic Stack, Kibana, InfluxDB, Prometheus ou autre) Le poste est situé à Montréal, au Québec 
ScrapedJobID626:
Cooperate with developers and infrastructure teams to ensure highly available and scalable production systems. Build and maintain highly available and scalable production systems. Manage core production systems, including frequent changes and updates. Rapidly identify and resolve problems in production systems. Provide support during off hours (nights and weekends) when necessary. At least 5 years’ experience managing and maintaining Linux and Windows servers in a global, multi-server environment. Strong familiarity with opensource tools such as Mysql, Zabbix, OpenStack, Ceph, Nomad, Consul, Kubernetes, Vault, Kafka, RabbitMQ, CouchDB. Experience with Cloud providers and platforms including AWS, Azure, Alibaba Experience in Python/Bash scripts, Terraform, Puppet. Prior work experience in an Internet/SaaS company Intelligent, curious and love to learn and explore new depths in the technology you use every day. Willing and able to meet a challenge head-on, solve problems independently and make things happen. Open minded, flexible and thrive in a highly dynamic, fast-paced, ever-changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID627:
Collaborate in a small team to build, deploy and maintain an easy to use, high-quality CI/CD system to enable the rapid development of high-quality applications. Support development and live operations teams to develop and deploy applications and cloud services. Estimate tasks and manage time effectively. Work closely with the other developers and DevOps developers. Docker containerization and Kubernetes knowledge Professional experience building out CI/CD pipelines and working with Unix and Linux-based systems. Knowledge of DevOps methodologies, and processes. Strong communication skills, both in-person and via digital means with the ability to work in a team environment. Ability to find creative solutions to difficult problems while adhering to mature software development practices such as code reviews and readable code. Ability to break down large problems and prioritize work. Google Cloud Platform is a plus Experience developing CI/CD pipelines for Unity applications or Cloud services Experience with Terraform, Kubernetes, or other comparable tools and frameworks Proficiency in one or more scripting languages (Bash, Python) 
ScrapedJobID628:
Collaborate with team members to achieve successful continuous delivery solutions Build, maintain, and enhance CI/CD pipeline Design and develop scalable tools and applications Troubleshoot and perform root cause analysis of production system Triage and debug any issues that arise during testing and production Automate testing across CI/CD and cloud infrastructure management Monitor applications to ensure system health Quality assurance of infrastructure to ensure security, reliability, and scalability Build and maintain RESTful APIs to support integrations Work with internal customers (Development, QA, Implementation, and others) to support deployments Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field Two to three years of Dev Ops experience Experience working in AWS and other Cloud Technologies Experience working with Docker and/or Kubernetes Knowledge of Node.JS and Microservices In-depth knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Knowledge on relational and non-relational databases 
ScrapedJobID629:
Our client is one of the world’s largest online marketplaces, dealing with one billion events per day. We are looking for Senior Site Reliability Engineer, who will contribute to the optimization of existing DB monitoring and maintenance tools, automate routine jobs of management of thousands of nodes and dozens of clusters, and reduce the operational cost, like disk utilization, CPU utilization, etc. Obtains tasks from the project lead or Team Lead (TL), prepares functional and design specifications, approves them with all stakeholders. Ensures that assigned area/areas are delivered within set deadlines and required quality objectives. Provides estimations, agrees task duration with the manager and contributes to project plan of assigned area. Analyzes scope of alternative solutions and makes decision about area implementation based on his/her experience and technical expertise. Leads functional and architectural design of assigned areas. Makes sure design decisions on the project meet architectural and design requirements. Addresses area-level risks, provides and implements mitigation plan. Reports about area readiness/quality, and raises red flags in crisis situations which are beyond his/her AOR. Responsible for resolving crisis situations within his/her AOR. Constantly improves his/her professional level. Collaborates with other teams. University degree in Computer Related Sciences or similar 5+ years of commercial experience as Site Reliability Engineer, or DevOps, or DBA, or similar 2+ years of experience with AWS stack (VPC, EC2, S3, KMS, ECR, IAM, Lambda, CloudWatch) Development experience with Python, or Ruby Strong bash scripting skills Experience with migrations and monitoring Hands-on experience of working with production environments with zero tolerance to any errors Strong understanding of Kubernetes ecosystem. Experience in Agile development environments Good English (oral & written) and communication skills in general DBA for MySQL skills 
ScrapedJobID630:
Chicago Tribune’s Top Workplaces Inc 500 Fastest Growing Private Companies in the US Crain’s Fast 50 fastest growing companies in the Chicago area Talend Expert Partner recognition Microsoft Gold Data Platform competency Manage the secure, scalable hosting of numerous customer-facing applications in AWS environment. Monitor core infrastructure services and provide support on a rotation basis. Operate and maintain EC2 instances, production ECS clusters, and additional AWS services. Work across the department to optimize the use of AWS, including cost optimization and resource organization. Manage software build management tools and releases across multiple environments using tools such as Gitlab and Jenkins. Help scientists, data scientists, and various technical teams with system administration and cloud infrastructure tasks. Collaborate closely with application development teams to ensure environments are stable, secure, and performant. Administer security scanning and auditing of networks, hosts, security groups, and other network services. Perform other duties as assigned. Experience with administering web servers (e.g. Apache, Nginx) and Java application servers (e.g. Tomcat). Experience with AWS tools, optimization, and best practices. Proficiency in one or more of the scripting languages (Bash, Python, etc.). Experience building out or managing continuous integration and deployment tools (e.g. Jenkins, Maven, and Gitlab). Experience in managing container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes, and provisioning containers to achieve scalable cluster-based architecture. A proven experience of managing security in AWS infrastructure by using various security best practices, standards, and tools. Working knowledge of infrastructure as code platforms, such as CloudFormation or Terraform. Familiarity interacting with relational databases in both EC2 hosted and RDS managed environments. Experience supporting network infrastructure tools (VPN, network threat management, vulnerability assessment, and firewalls) are desirable. Familiarity with applying optimization and cost saving techniques in AWS storage services including EBS, S3, EFS, and Glacier. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Bachelor or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related degree. AWS Certifications highly preferred (AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solution Architect and/or AWS Certified Developer). Candidate must be a Permanent Citizen or already have an Open Work Permit to be considered for this role. Preferred location is Montreal, Canada but will consider individuals that live in other regions of Canada. 
ScrapedJobID631:
working with both internal and external customers to understand their needs and requirements; transforming high level requirements into lower level feature requirements; devising solutions for creating and delivering these features; working with both internal and external data suppliers to understand their data collection methods and the content that they can offer; analyzing data to assess its limitations and develop methods for fusing this with other data sources to extract intelligence insights; working with MDA’s software development teams to build and test operational features; deploying and testing new features as part of MDA’s cloud-based systems; working with customers to help them understand and utilize these new features; have at least a Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Engineering Physics, or Applied Mathematics; have familiarity with the following software tools: Matlab or similar analysis tools; Experience with Python, Java, Go, or a similar current programming language MS Excel, for the purposes of engineering analyses MS Office have excellent verbal and written communication skills; have an understanding of different types of engineering life cycles as applicable from large complex programs to software development; be a self-starter with the ability to perform in a dynamic working environment; possess excellent problem solving skills; have a team-friendly attitude and willingness to learn. prior involvement in development of cloud-based applications; working with SAR, optical or other geospatial remote sensing data sources; data analysis experience, analyzing data patterns and relationships; prior image processing / computer vision experience familiarity with machine learning / deep learning. 
ScrapedJobID632:

ScrapedJobID633:
MS or BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering/Science Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to quickly ramp up on new technologies and standards Experience in electronic hardware circuits, programming/scripting languages e.g. Python/TCL/C/C++ General knowledge of embedded systems, analog, and digital circuits, software/firmware development and testing methodology Good oral and written skills for communication and documentation Experience of firmware debugging tools such as JTAG, ARM SWD, scopes and logical analyzer Ability to read and understand PCB schematic is an asset Knowledge of high-speed interfaces such as Flash, DDR, and PCI Express is an asset Knowledge of video decoding and encoding is an asset 
ScrapedJobID634:

ScrapedJobID635:
Leading a distributed engineering team (30+ engineers in 4 geographical locations) that is responsible for carrier integrations for the Assurance platform, along with a lot of business domain-specific functionality. Working with a diverse set of stakeholders (VPs, Directors, and Product Managers) that grow Assurance business in the Health, Medicare, Life, Property & Casualty, and Personal Finance domains to plan engineering team roadmap and deliver on it. Being both a partner to, and a customer of your peer Infrastructure and Platform teams, and work with their engineering leaders to identify opportunities to improve the Assurance platform for all users across all business domains. Build the next generation of a carrier integration platform that would allow us to integrate with tens of new carriers & product vendors by 2023 at a fraction of the time and engineering cost we spend today. Support rapid growth of Assurance business across all domains, and be the engineering leader who can frugally solve today’s problems, while playing the long game and building systems for tomorrow. Define platform-level SLO's for your services, and ensure your teams meet or exceed the objectives. Exceptional base salary plus bonus structure Comprehensive benefits which include, medical, dental, vision, 401K and more Unlimited paid vacation, sick leave, plus paid holidays. Growth opportunities, advance your career rapidly, we offer leadership development training and promote from within. Ongoing coaching and career development including individual and group coaching sessions. Fast paced, high performance environment. 
ScrapedJobID636:
Be part of a dynamic team that is passionate about creating industry-changing, cloud-based applications and platforms. Solve real customer problems and experiment with new ideas. Decompose existing software systems while working with and influencing others to improve overall architecture Collaborate with QA engineers to ensure accurate and comprehensive testing coverage Contribute to troubleshooting and technical support of the product Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle 5+ years of UI development experience Proficiency with JavaScript ES6 experience Familiarity with open-source Java stack development (Java, Gradle, Git, Jenkins, JUnit, Tomcat) Experience working with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React or Vue) Knowledge of unit test frameworks like Jest and React-testing-library Proficiency with CSS abstraction layers (e.g. SASS or JSS) Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Engineering at Veeva Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID637:
Research, critically analyze and implement (build, train, evaluate and maintain) ML solutions. Developing scalable data models and ETL pipelines. Design, build, integrate data from various resources, and manage big datasets. Analyze data to identify potential problems and issues. Help develop techniques for supporting data governance, security, privacy and retention. Develop tools to help analyze and monitor datasets. Ensure the quality assurance and quality control of all data being processed. Automation of processing common data sources into existing data schemas and generation of reports and statistics. Development experience with Python. Experience with Jupyter Notebooks and data libraries like Pandas, Numpy and/or Spark. Experience working with classification problems and survival models. Experience with cloud services, cloud storage (s3, blob storage, etc.). Experience with ETL and data transformation and mappings. Experience building unit tests and pipelines for data. Experience with data storage technologies and formats, data modelling, and API integrations. Experience with financial lending models or similar Experience with explainable AI solutions Experience with serverless architectures. You are self-motivated and thrive in a high trust, fast-paced environment. You have analytical, critical thinking, quantitative reasoning, problem-solving skills with high attention to details and accuracy, You are confident in your abilities and drive results. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Python: 3 years (preferred) ML: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID638:
You will play a pivotal role in helping to enhance the QE test automation framework for the channels area, promoting and improving testability, creating and automating test cases, and identifying and reporting defects Advocate the usage of test automation frameworks Design, document, and implement test automation so there is broad functional test coverage Support all project test activities, enhance, develop and execute automated test scripts, record and track software discrepancies Facilitate resolution and communication across functional groups on issues and decisions Work with project stakeholders and developers to ensure that all aspects of the system have proper testing coverage and overall system reliability, performance and quality Hands-on experience in developing and implementing efficient test strategies focused on automation Expert in leading test case design to provide efficient optimal coverage though unit test, component/service based tests and complex “real life” test scenarios Experience in a variety of test automation frameworks/tools (SoapUI/ReadyAPI; Robot Framework) and script development using scripting languages (e.g., Perl, Python, Bash, etc.) Excellent knowledge in designing and coding of automation test scrips using Robot Automation Framework, Python, Selenium and API Minimum 5 years of experience in application testing in a QE/test environment with a focus on technical, automated testing in a variety of environments (cloud, Business workflows and services/APIs, databases) 5 + years of experience in Python 3 + year of experience in Robot Automation Framework 3+ years of experience in API testing Automated Testing Test Planning & Implementation 
ScrapedJobID639:
Design, document, develop and execute automation test scripts Analyze, document and report test results Maintain the health of the automated test cases between releases/sprints Define and ensure adherence to the automated test strategy, processes and standards Coach and mentor team members in test automation and industry best practices Provide test automation architecture, frameworks, design and code review Work with Sr. Quality Analyst and Lead Quality Analyst to establish a test automation plan Experience of developing sophisticated automation testing plans. Deep knowledge of UI Automation, Web Service Automation and Performance / Load Testing Good at developing reusable, low maintenance automation scripts. Good at strategizing automation delivery by analyzing automation ROI Solid experience with one or more (Ruby, Python, Java) scripting languages Well versed with REST/SOAP API testing, SOAPUI, Postman 4+ years of experience with building or maintaining an automated test framework 3+ years of experience creating Selenium tests Experience working with JSON, XML. Strong understanding of SQL queries and GUI design standards, especially as they relate to test automation object recognition. 2+ years of experience using agile software development life cycle. Good verbal and written communication skills in English Good Analysis, problem solving, time management skills Strong in understanding of standard software test methodologies Experience with source control system and versioning releases Experience using cloud based infrastructure for testing is desirable Experience working with Robot Framework ISTQB Foundation certification Experience with eCommerce projects Experience of Acceptance Test Driven Development ISTQB Foundation certified (if not, will be required to be certified within 6 months from date of joining) Hybris Business Analyst Certification (Will be required to be certified within 9 months from date of joining) 
ScrapedJobID640:
This leadership role monitors and supports our current infrastructure, integrates data storage and processing solutions, builds, installs and shares libraries and plugins, creates deployment structures in addition to leading a great team This role is instrumental in writing code using a variety of languages including PHP and Javascript in addition to building components and testing applications. Reviewing and debugging code, integrating data storage and processing solutions and creating test scripts are just some of the many tasks of the SSE Similar to the Senior role, the Software Engineer is instrumental in improving and monitoring applications after deployment and coordinating with Team Members who work on different layers of infrastructure Monitoring and supporting our current infrastructure, integrating solutions, building libraries and plugins and creating automated deployment scripts are just some of the many responsibilities for this role Instrumental in support and troubleshooting, this role is key to our software testing responsibilities Instrumental in optimizing websites for search engines Fully remote positions allowing you to work from your home anywhere in the world ! Exciting and dynamic environment with a great leadership team Comprehensive training program and regular performance reviews to facilitate your success Competitive compensation based on experience and proven abilities Great referral programs with incentives and bonuses Unbelievable product discounts when you use our products for your own business A global workforce of multi-cultural and talented colleagues A close-knit operation with amazing growth opportunities for your personal development A high growth SaaS technology company publicly traded on the TSX Venture Exchange Corporate headquarters in beautiful Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Access to our education credits program and so much more ! Website: www.wishpond.com Facebook: wishpond Instagram: @wishpondofficial Twitter: wishpond Youtube: thewishpond LinkedIn : wishpond 
ScrapedJobID641:
Implement code changes to resolve defects and create new functionality. Develop and Implement test cases. Work with source code management to submit changes Work cohesively within a large software development team. Track work and document solutions using established tools and processes. Troubleshoot and assist with operational issues. A Bachelor degree in Information Technology or equivalent A minimum of 2-3 years in a professional software development role. Experience developing software using a general purpose programming language. Experience working with Ruby and/or Ruby on Rails. Working knowledge of front end technologies used in modern web development. Experience working with data in various formats such as XML and JSON. Interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Analytical and problem solving skills 
ScrapedJobID642:
Maintaining our infrastructure Pushing code to our clients faster Support the team to deliver higher quality software, and deliver more frequently Helping our developers to be more efficient Monitoring our server so that we can minimize downtime Scaling our infrastructure BS/MS in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent 2+ years of experience supporting mission critical production applications Experience with building, deploying and scaling out SaaS/cloud applications on Azure, Alibaba Cloud or AWS Experience with automation tools such as Octopus Deploy, Ansible, Chef, Puppet Experience with scripting languages such as PowerShell, Bash, Shell Some knowledge of .NET, C#, Java or C++ Experience with maintaining applications in Windows and Linux environments Experience with mobile application deployments (HockeyApp, App Center, fastlane or other) Company relocation benefits will not be provided for this position. Candidates need to live within the territory or within commuting distance to this location Entretenir notre infrastructure Accélérer la transmission du code vers nos clients Aider l’équipe à fournir des logiciels de meilleure qualité et à accélérer la cadence de livraisons Aider nos développeurs à être plus efficaces Surveiller notre serveur afin que nous puissions minimiser les périodes d’indisponibilité Faire évoluer notre infrastructure Baccalauréat/maîtrise en informatique ou en systèmes d’information, ou une formation équivalente Au moins 2 années d’expérience en soutien aux applications de production Expérience en conception, déploiement et mise à l’échelle d’applications de logiciels-services/infonuagiques sur AWS, Azure ou Alibaba Cloud Compréhension de Docker et des outils d’orchestration des conteneurs comme Docker Swarm, Kubernetes et Service Fabric Expérience avec des outils d’automatisation comme Octopus Deploy, Ansible, Chef, Puppet Expérience en intégration continue au moyen de Jenkins, de GitLab CI, de Travis CI ou d’un autre outil d’intégration continue Bilinguisme (anglais et français); excellentes habiletés en communication écrite et orale Expérience en contrôle de code source Git, GitFlow, requêtes de fusion, etc. Expérience avec les langages de script comme PowerShell, Bash, Shell Expérience en surveillance d’applications, de la performance et de la sécurité Connaissance des protocoles de sécurité et des systèmes de gestion des identités relatifs aux applications comme Active Directory (AD), LDAP, SAML, OAuth, SSO, Okta Expérience en maintenance d’applications dans les environnements Windows et Linux Expérience en déploiement d’applications mobiles (HockeyApp, App Center, Fastlane ou autre) Connaissance en réseaux IP, sécurité des réseaux, équilibrage de charge, coupe-feu et atténuation des attaques par déni de service Expérience en collecte et analyse de journaux et de mesures (Elastic Stack, Kibana, InfluxDB, Prometheus ou autre) Le poste est situé à Montréal, au Québec 
ScrapedJobID643:
Designing, implementing, and supporting various Platforms as a Service (PAAS) environments in the cloud and on premise platforms as part of our hybrid cloud strategy. Responsible for operational support for various application containerization platforms like Kubernetes or OpenShift, ensuring the uptime of the platforms, appropriate configuration, and continue to meet stakeholder requirements. This includes but is not limited to configuration, patches, fixes, and software updates. Ensuring all changes adhere to GOA change management policies and frameworks by completing necessary forms and documentation and presents changes at change boards for review. Monitoring all platform environments for break-fix, performance management, technology roadmaps, capacity management, and incident and problem management. Developing and implementing tactical plans to ensure service uptime, and accommodates technology advancements. Participate in the planning discussions with the DevOps team and developers. Maintaining currency of technology for application platforms, including the creation and maintenance of technology and service roadmaps. Managing vendors for adherence to service agreements, operational support and escalations, and problem management. Researching new technologies and services, identifying the value they will provide, and presenting your proposals to your supervisor and at the Architectural Review Board. Engage with senior leadership, service owners, product owners, developers, vendors, and enterprise architects. Experience supporting an enterprise environment OpenShift 4.x experience (operational and developer) Azure experience with Azure Redhat Openshift (ARO), networking, gateways, databases, storage Red Hat Linux experience AWX / Terraform / Infrastructure as Code experience Working for the Alberta Public Service – Public Service Pension Plan (PSPP) – Leadership and mentorship programs Professional learning and development Positive workplace culture and work-life balance Proof of COVID 19 vaccination; If you are a successful candidate and have not provided proof of COVID 19 vaccination, you may select to produce a negative PCR (molecular polymerase chain reaction) or rapid test result, date-stamped within 72 hours of every scheduled work day/shift, on an ongoing basis starting on December 14, 2021. These tests will be paid for by the employee; Candidates and employees who are unable to get vaccinated based on a protected ground under the Alberta Human Rights Act may request approval for an exemption and accommodation. 
ScrapedJobID644:
Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively Communication with clients as required: keeping them informed of incident progress, notifying them of impending changes, and agreed outages. Maintain specific knowledge of the client and how our services and products relate to their business strategy and goals. Develop in-depth knowledge of the service catalog and how it relates to our clients' needs Document internal processes and procedures related to duties and responsibilities. Responsible for entering time and expenses in ConnectWise as they occur. Understand processes in ConnectWise by completing assigned training materials and blueprints on the ConnectWise University. Enter all work as activities, service tickets, or project tickets in ConnectWise. Ability to reverse engineer software and hardware infrastructure to provide thorough documentation Sets high standards and goals Set a high client satisfaction threshold Shows creativity and innovation Shows strategic thinking and visioning Has exceptional work ethic Excellent listening and communications skills, both verbal and written. Extremely organized, detail oriented and self-motivated Remain calm under pressure Ability to meet reasonable deadlines. Ability to build positive and collaborative relationships Willingness to develop professionally Ability to work with little supervision Ability to work on multiple priorities and/or projects simultaneously Ability to switch gears and move on to unrelated issues with ease Ability to provide and maintain detailed documentation on each ticket Microsoft and / or industry certifications is preferred 2+ years’ experience in IT or related experience Previous MSP experience is preferred ConnectWise experience is advantageous $300 Annual Wellness Funding Health, Dental and Vision Coverage Work from home days Team lunch Thursdays Free parking 
ScrapedJobID645:
Cooperate with developers and infrastructure teams to ensure highly available and scalable production systems. Build and maintain highly available and scalable production systems. Manage core production systems, including frequent changes and updates. Rapidly identify and resolve problems in production systems. Provide support during off hours (nights and weekends) when necessary. At least 5 years’ experience managing and maintaining Linux and Windows servers in a global, multi-server environment. Strong familiarity with opensource tools such as Mysql, Zabbix, OpenStack, Ceph, Nomad, Consul, Kubernetes, Vault, Kafka, RabbitMQ, CouchDB. Experience with Cloud providers and platforms including AWS, Azure, Alibaba Experience in Python/Bash scripts, Terraform, Puppet. Prior work experience in an Internet/SaaS company Intelligent, curious and love to learn and explore new depths in the technology you use every day. Willing and able to meet a challenge head-on, solve problems independently and make things happen. Open minded, flexible and thrive in a highly dynamic, fast-paced, ever-changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID646:
Development of new features and enhancements for the IDM and IOT solutions. Develop proof of concept applications that helps sales team on their pursuits. Participation in architecture and design reviews. Assist testing team with data setup and validation procedures. Help operations in troubleshooting and defect resolution of issues. BS in computer science, computer engineering, or equivalent. Extensive Java server-side development experience using Object-Oriented Design. Experience with Spring/Spring Boot, JPA, Spring MVC framework and SCM tools. Working with OAuth2, SAML2, Angular and VueJS is a plus. Good understanding of web and application server technologies, including open-source technologies. Hands-on experience in RESTful Web Services, JSON and XML. Good Linux skills with knowledge on Shell scripting. 
ScrapedJobID647:
Build a resilient, secure, and efficient cloud based platform. Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response. Monitor and troubleshoot platform issues. Build and scale the technology infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demand. Manage cross-functional requirements working with various company stakeholders. Collaborate with Development and QA to bring new features and services into production. Develop and improve operational practices and procedures. 4+ years of relevant experience. In-depth knowledge of AWS services and hands-on experience in AWS provisioning. Experience with Kubernetes (1.6+) and containerized applications. Understanding of microservices architecture and debugging/investigation techniques. Strong understanding of systems, networking and troubleshooting techniques. Experience in automated build pipeline, continuous integration and continuous deployment. Knowledge of cloud monitoring, logging and cost management tools. Strong programming/scripting knowledge - Python, Go, Helm. Ability to operate in an agile, entrepreneurial start-up environment. AWS certification is a plus. Experience with other IaaS platforms is a plus. Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, OpenTracing/OpenTelemetry. Infrastructure as code: Terraform, Ansible. CD: GitOps, ArgoCD, ArgoRollouts. CI: Jenkins. Optional: Java, Groovy. AWS: EKS, ECR, EC2, LB, route53, ElasticSearch, Shield, WAF Competitive salary and stock option plan. 100% paid coverage of medical, dental and vision insurance. Unlimited vacation. Learning stipend for personal growth and development. Paid parental leave. Health and wellness initiatives. 
ScrapedJobID648:
Hands on knowledge of encryption protocols such as MACSEC, IPSec, TLS Formulate the right metrics and definitions of success to drive quality, efficiency, cost, and timeliness, and evolve these over time to match changes to the infrastructure and business requirements. Perform deep dives on complex technical issues across networks, ranging from automated tooling to hardware failures and network issues. Anticipate potential operational risks and develop strategies to mitigate/minimize. Participate and improve escalation and emergency response with detailed postmortem while addressing issues systematically to prevent future occurrences. Resolve company network outages. Recommend and perform remedial actions to eliminate similar future troubles. Manage firewall technologies including Cisco, Fortinet, Mikrotik. Maintain and support existing infrastructure, and lead research, planning, design, implementation and support of existing and emerging infrastructure technologies in a complex environment with minimal supervision. Manage and configure network devices such as Routers, Switches, Firewalls, and APs. Have expertise in design, build and support of network infrastructure. Solve system problems with little supervision and minimal guidance. Perform other related duties incidental to the work described herein. Experience in implementing/maintaining the monitoring, alerting and repairing systems for production networks in a DevOps environment. Willing to participate on an on-calls schedule which includes overnights and weekends based on the team's needs on monthly cadence.. 15% of travel( Domestic or international) Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or a related field is ideal but will consider those actively attending college. Three or more years of experience in various industry standards and Cisco enterprise networking. Must have protocol-level understanding of Switching technologies – VLAN, STP (all types), LACP, Virtual switching – Cisco VSS / VSP or equivalent, spine-leaf architecture. Experience working within a global team and collaborating with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with limited supervision. Working knowledge of web application firewalls, load balancers and proxies. Expert knowledge of Fortinet & Cisco ASA Firewalls. Expert knowledge Routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP Unix system management & scripting capability: Python & Ansible, GIT. Must have knowledge & experience of analyzing packet captures & Protocol analysis and proficiency with tools to collect network statistics utilizing protocols (SNMP, NetFlow, etc…) Expert knowledge of TCP/IP, common protocols, and standards. Must have working knowledge of 802.1x, firewalls, security policies, access lists. Handle software upgrades and device maintenance Experience with network virtualization eco-systems such as VMWare OR Experience in data center architectures (servers, networking, storage, physical hardware, virtualization, etc.) Functional/knowledge bullet for Public Cloud experience, AWS, Azure, etc. Works well under pressure, quick to learn and able to deal with a wide range of issues. Good analytical skills and able to collate and interpret data from various sources Positive, confident, and able to work on own initiative. CCNA certification is preferred. Fortinet NSE certification is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID649:
We are currently a remote-first workplace. We offer various stipends to make sure you are comfortable, connected and well set up in your space, A culture that’s built on trust and hard work, while still having a good time, Leadership that invests in you, your development and career growth, We have a lineup of customers many could only dream of working with, including Warner Bros., Jagermeister, the Vancouver Canucks and ViacomCBS, A Place for all Genders in Tech:
Gender diversity and equality benefits everyone. We’re committed to supporting all gender identities and expressions in tech by advocating for equality. We’re also proud to partner with forward-thinking organizations like Chic Geek and Next Gen Men, who continue to build a more vibrant, inclusive and diverse technology landscape. We compensate fairly. We are committed to pay equity/fair pay practices and closing the gender salary gap. Our compensation package proudly includes:
Competitive base salary,
Uncapped commission earning potential,
Stock options,
Annual education budget,
100% employer paid benefits plan including paramedical and mental health support,
4 weeks of vacation standard,
Self-managed approach to sick, personal and mental health days,
Company paid cell phone and internet stipends,
Home office stipend to make sure you're comfortable as we continue to work remote, and
Parental leave top up just to name a few! Competitive base salary, Uncapped commission earning potential, Stock options, Annual education budget, 100% employer paid benefits plan including paramedical and mental health support, 4 weeks of vacation standard, Self-managed approach to sick, personal and mental health days, Company paid cell phone and internet stipends, Home office stipend to make sure you're comfortable as we continue to work remote, and Parental leave top up just to name a few! You have a passion to automate repetitive tasks and for deployments to go smoothly. You write code for any task you do more than once, and cringe at the thought of making changes to systems without making changes in the code. You proactively look for opportunities to replace manual, repetitive processes with maintainable, repeatable code and tools. You have a drive to contribute in designing, testing and monitoring cloud infrastructures for ongoing performance improvement and cost saving. You’re a dashboard wizard and know how to create effective dashboards. Infrastructure design and implementation: Implementing a continuous integration and continuous deployment platform, constantly improving infrastructure reliability, scalability, performance, and repeatability of setup and deployment System and network security: Proactively ensure security standards are being met and enforced as new infrastructure is added or changed within the development and production environments. Monitoring and alerting: Promptly identifying and escalating unexpected issues that arise within the production environment. Deployment management: Continually iterating on the automated build system and application deployment processes. Issue investigation: Assisting the development team with triaging production issues and managing unexpected incidents and outages. Degree in Computer Science or related field. 1+ years of experience in a DevOps or Software Engineering role working in a Cloud based environment, ideally with Amazon Web Services. Programming skills (JavaScript/Node.JS, Python, Go, Java, and/or C), and have worked with AWS-SDK with one or more of these languages. Solid experience implementing infrastructure as code and orchestrations using Terraform AWS CloudFormation, Ansible, Shell scripts. Experience with CI/CD technologies (BitBucket Pipelines, AWS CodePipeline/CodeDeploy, Jenkins, etc.). Experience with translation of security controls and configurations into code and integrate in deployment pipelines. Experience working with databases and big data sets. Experience in a 24x7 production environment, troubleshooting skills at all levels (e.g. application, data, network, configuration, host, etc.). Experience with container technologies (Docker, AWS ECS, Kubernetes, etc.), microservices and serverless technologies. Ability to articulate technical problems in written, diagram and verbal forms. Ability to work across teams and across disciplines (Engineering, QA, Product Management, etc.). Experience with APMs (Datadog, New Relic, X-Ray, Stack Driver). Experience with performance testing and tuning. Experience with Cloud Security, automating host configuration and patching. Worked for a SaaS company previously. 
ScrapedJobID650:
Maintain and enhance RAZR’s cloud environment Implement automated monitoring for system reliability Implement processes and ensure adherence for security & compliance requirements Work with development to solve problems Work with development to implement and maintain CI/CD Pipelines Rotating on-call Ad-hoc troubleshooting Ability to self-organize tasks to ensure on-time delivery Ability to prioritize and pivot between tasks with short notice Systems monitoring with an eye for 100% uptime Hungry for knowledge Self-motivated to learn and train Fundamental understanding of a variety of AWS services Linux server administration Infrastructure as Code (e.g. Terraform) Experience with Docker / Kubernetes Experience with relational databases Basic scripting (Bash, Python) Basic networking experience Understanding of the following AWS services: EC2, ECS, ELB & ALB, S3, EFS, WAF, CloudWatch, CloudFront, RDS, Route53, ElasticSearch, ElastiCache, Lambda Experience with Java application hosting and monitoring (e.g. APM tools, garbage collection) Experience administrating PostgreSQL or similar databases Experience with continuous integration technologies (e.g. Jenkins, GitHub Actions) Desired Experience with intrusion prevention/detection (IPS/IDS) processes Experience implementing data loss prevention (DLP) solutions Experience with anti-malware methodologies (E.g. FIM, A/V) NoSQL database experience (MongoDB, Hadoop, ElasticSearch, Cassandra, DynamoDB) 
ScrapedJobID651:
You will collaborate extensively with other engineers to build tools and systems that support our services and allow engineers to deliver high quality software. You will produce high-quality maintainable code, test it, collaboratively review it and ship it. You will identify areas to improve and scale our infrastructure. You will develop tools and utilities to diagnose and fix problems. Ensure proper technical design and documentation. Work efficiently in a constantly changing and growing environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are desired. Bachelor's/Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related field. 3+ years of experience in cloud-based systems. Strong computer science fundamentals: networking, databases, and distributed systems. Hands-on experience with container orchestration systems such as Kubernetes. Fluent in at least one language: Python, Ruby, or Go. Experience with Infrastructure As Code (e.g. Terraform, Ansible, Chef). Experience with logging, monitoring and alerting systems and tools. Good understanding of information security best practices. Enjoy solving problems and helping others meet their goals. Competitive salary and meaningful equity Employer-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance $1200 USD a year in Turo credit to book cars from the Turo platform $600 USD annual stipend to be used toward purchases from 130+ best in class vendors (and growing) for travel, entertainment, food, family and wellbeing (think Netflix, Doordash, Ancestry.com, etc.) Employer-paid medical, dental, vision insurance, and RRSP Flexible PTO, 9 paid holidays, paid volunteer time off, and paid parental leave $1500 USD Turo host matching and $1000 USD vehicle reimbursement program $2000 USD per year professional development allowance 
ScrapedJobID652:
As a Facilitator, you will set up the logistics and customize the materials. You will be responsible for running the meetings, ensuring the team stays on track, and keeping a high-level view toward a successful outcome. Simultaneously, you’re a Consultant, building a relationship with interdisciplinary IBM and client teams to deliver value to the client and create opportunities for IBM. As a Designer, you’re advocating for the end user’s needs and positive user experiences. Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Design, similar discipline or non-design degree with design bootcamp training (MUST HAVE OBTAINED DEGREE BY PROGRAM START) Have a design portfolio demonstrating a strong understanding of user-centered design principles and practices Demonstrated ability to understand complex technical problems Familiarity with workshopping techniques and ability to facilitate a diverse group to a desired outcome Demonstrated ability to work in a client facing environment Strong professional verbal, written, and interpersonal skills Must have the ability to work in Canada without sponsorship. Must be able to travel to the U.S English: Fluent 
ScrapedJobID653:
Provide Sophos customers with Technical Support within the defined parameters of Sophos Support Services including customers with defined SLAs, with a focus on quality and customer satisfaction, covering our Network products Provide advanced troubleshooting via remote sessions to modify customer’s environment towards a resolution that include, but are not limited to: Installation issues, best practice configuration, network troubleshooting, Windows, Linux, Mac and Unix OS configuration. Handle technical escalations within team response/resolution targets Ability to work weekend and on-call shifts on a rotational basis Provide Team Leader or Manager feedback with regards to Technical Support procedures and policies, with the goal of improving overall customer satisfaction as well as engineer efficiency A bachelor’s degree or technical diploma in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field 3+ years’ experience in the IT field, including experience as a Systems/Network Administrator, or a technical support role supporting Systems/Network administrators Experience with security products, such as Firewalls, IPSec, IDS/IPS, Anti -Spam, Anti-Virus, Web Security proxies, Email Security filters, VPNs Experience with Linux operating systems through the command line level Experience with Active Directory (or any LDAP variant) group policy configuration and deployment Experience with cloud virtualization such as Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure The ability to work with complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires review. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, inspiring confidence while leading customers through the steps to resolve issues via phone, and email Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Masterclass and Calm 
ScrapedJobID654:
Develop basic knowledge of L2 features and services. Develop basic knowledge of the Nokia DWDM 1830 Photonic Service Switch platform PSS24x. Develop knowledge of Nokia’s proprietary test software APT. Develop knowledge of Agile development environment with a continuous integration approach. Modify automation testware libraries using source control mechanism. Work closely with senior test engineer to enhance current regression test execution. Running and analyzing L2 test cases and providing feedback to senior test engineer and test team. Linux XML Eclipse Experience with object oriented programming languages (python would be the best). Knowledge of L2 features/services. Demonstrated ability to learn quickly and to work in a fast paced, innovative environment. One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg Workplace Pride Global Benchmark LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation 
ScrapedJobID655:
Plan manage, monitor and maintain our GCP platforms and supporting services Support client initiatives and service requests Implement and improve capacity and performance of the platform environments Continually improving the workflow fluency of the platform to drive operational excellence Lead customer communications when dealing with highly sensitive issues Drive operational improvements by analyzing both metrics and customer feedback Participate in cross-functional teams to deliver world-class products and support to clients Stay at the cutting edge of tech-enabled cloud, turning it into our competitive advantage You practice a growth mindset – genuine desire and motivation to learn and develop yourself. You embrace challenges, and persist in face of setbacks. You consider failure an opportunity You love new technology and have an intense curiosity to learn everything about cloud. You love customers, and are obsessed with them - a genuine desire to help You possess strong communication skills, ability to work in a team environment You are driven by your values and look to inspire others through your actions Patience and ability to explain technical matters in simple terms Empathy and understanding of how to best meet a client’s needs. Ability to train and educate people on our solutions, platforms and software services. Approachability, a personable vibe and an air of authenticity. Ambition and humility in equal measure feeding a passion to show why good is never good enough and great better. Proven applied experience in problem-solving technology Professional competence in Google office tools and SaaS integrations A smart and proven understanding of Google Cloud technology Management administration of cloud infrastructure and platform services Integration and scripting skills to optimize and automate workflow practices Your fit with our culture, adaptability, and stamina for learning is important to us. As is the experiences you have gained from the number of years you’ve worked and the level of education you have obtained in technology adoption, professional and academic. Good technical training and practice in the areas described above An ability to demonstrate how you have and continue to evolve your tech learning Projects and assignments you have completed show your best skill base Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID656:
Azure Data Factory Snowflake Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft Analysis Services Power BI T-SQL Python Javascript / Node.js Java 
ScrapedJobID657:
Security technology operations (IDM, Active Directory/LDAP, Pulse Secure, certificates, Siteminder, etc) Elevated account creation/configuration/maintenance Remote desktop and mass requests Group creation/maintenance Escalation point for user provisioning and role management activities IDM/AD/LDAP Support Siteminder support/deployment Participate in and be a team member for various projects Perform run and maintain activities Participate in audits and perform compliance activities Work with both internal and client teams Work with service teams to secure various technologies Ensure security of client’s environment Assist with technical security reviews of new systems, or architectures Investigate suspicious activities Participate in rotating on-call support covering off hours, weekends, and holidays Must be eligible for CDG Clearance Active Directory knowledge and experience (deployment and support, user management, administration and reporting) Identity Manager driver configuration and support, user management, report and monitoring Siteminder configuration, resource protection, single sign on and support IManager configuration and monitoring Experience with
Active Directory/LDAP technology user management, administration and reporting
various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, LDAP,TCP/IP, HTTP, …)
DMZs and securing same
Certificates, CA and SSL
Pulse Secure
Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc)
Apache, Putty, Service Snow, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass
XML/Xpath technology
SQL technology
Web servers
UNIX and Windows Server Administration
Remote Desktop Active Directory/LDAP technology user management, administration and reporting various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, LDAP,TCP/IP, HTTP, …) DMZs and securing same Certificates, CA and SSL Pulse Secure Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc) Apache, Putty, Service Snow, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass XML/Xpath technology SQL technology Web servers UNIX and Windows Server Administration Remote Desktop Security background Bilingual preferred (French and English) Resourceful, detail and solution oriented Excellent organization skills to balance and prioritize work, and multitask Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills to troubleshoot and resolve issues Excellent communication skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Degree in Cybersecurity or related field is preferred. Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience may be acceptable. Office or Remote On-Call rotation 
ScrapedJobID658:
Detailed Design – Producing system designs including block diagrams, process flow charts, simulation, writing of software, development of HMIs, and application of safety standards in context of complete system designs and detailed concepts developed by intermediate and senior staff. Assembly and Test – Hands-on work in a shop environment assisting with building, troubleshooting, and functional testing of software implementations on equipment. Document Writing – Responsible for the generation of detailed documentation of software and controls protocols written for projects Engineering Changes – Completion of updates and revisions to maintain and improve on existing documentation. Field Work – Traveling to client sites to commission, test and troubleshoot equipment. Standards – Ensuring department priorities are met related to safety, quality, production, and task delivery/completion. Mentoring – Providing design oversight, knowledge transfer, and coaching to other Engineering staff. Project Technical Lead – Reviewing quality of work, provide design oversight, task management and resource requests within a project setting. Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, computer science, or software engineering with focus on control systems development or equivalent technical degree. Minimum of 3 years of experience in developing embedded controls systems The following experience would be considered an asset:
Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF.
Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing
Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies
Systems engineering
Human/machine Interfaces
Cloud-based system implementation
Data analytics Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF. Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies Systems engineering Human/machine Interfaces Cloud-based system implementation Data analytics Strong electrical and technical inclination Exceptional communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Excellent attention to detail and accuracy Critical thinking and problem solving skills Self-motivated and capable of taking initiative to complete tasks Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong time management skills and the ability to work effectively under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose electrical systems. 
ScrapedJobID659:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID660:
High School diploma 3+ years of experience in shipping and receiving, inventory and warehousing practices. 3+ years of experience with inventory tracking and data analytics 1+ years of material forecasting experience Must be able to lift loads of up to 49 pounds and carry them for short distances Reach and stretch to position equipment and fixtures while maintaining balance A driver's license is required Ability to provide after-hours support as needed. (overtime) Must have the ability to read/write/speak/communicate fluently (English) with respect to complex technical instructions and concepts. Posséder un diplôme d’études secondaires; Plus de trois ans d’expérience en matière d’expédition et de réception, d’inventaire et d’entreposage; Plus de trois ans d’expérience dans le suivi des stocks et l’analyse de données; Plus d’un an d’expérience en matériel informatique; Doit pouvoir soulever des charges allant jusqu’à 22 kilos (49 livres) et les transporter sur de courtes distances; Pouvoir s’étirer pour installer des équipements et des appareils tout en conservant son équilibre; Un permis de conduire est requis; Possibilité de fournir un soutien en dehors des heures de travail au besoin (heures supplémentaires). Capacité à lire, écrire, parler et communiquer aisément en anglais en utilisant des instructions et des concepts techniques complexes. 1+ years of experience working in a Data Center A Bachelors Degree WMS/IMS proficiency Bilingual in French and English. Ability to read and speak/communicate in French is considered an asset. Avoir un minimum d’un an d’expérience de travail dans un centre de données; Un baccalauréat; Connaissance du système de gestion d’entrepôt (WMS) et des services intermodaux (IMS). Bilinguisme (français et anglais). Capacité à lire, à écrire et à communiquer en français est un atout. 
ScrapedJobID661:
Collaboration : vous collaborerez au développement et à la résolution de problèmes avec les membres de votre équipe. Leadership et mentorat : vous profiterez des occasions qui se présentent pour développer de nouvelles expertises techniques dans un domaine spécifique du développement logiciel. Intégration de système et de technologie : vous comprenez l’importance de l’intégration de système et de technologie ainsi que les fonctions et les installations de base nécessaires au processus d’intégration. Développement d’applications et programmation : vous appliquerez les principes de conception logicielle, les structures de données ainsi que les modèles de conception et les fondements de l’informatique pour écrire un code clair, gérable, optimisé et modulaire respectant les conventions de nommage. Pensée systémique : vous contribuerez à la coordination de la participation des intervenants et des efforts lors de la résolution de problèmes. Vous ferez preuve d’ouverture d’esprit et saurez comment, pourquoi et quand standardiser une politique ou un processus ainsi que les raisons pour lesquelles ceux-ci diffèrent dans l’organisation. Vous effectuerez des tâches ou fournirez des données pour appuyer la mise en œuvre de solutions globales qui relient les structures, les gens, les processus et la technologie. Innovation : vous pouvez appliquer des méthodes d’apprentissage formelles dans vos tâches actuelles. Vous êtes à l’aise de remettre en question l’autorité ou le statu quo. Communication et présentation technique : vous pouvez expliquer en termes clairs l’état d’avancement de vos tâches. Vous posez des questions pertinentes lorsqu’on vous en donne l’occasion. Baccalauréat ou maîtrise dans un domaine technique connexe, ou expérience professionnelle pertinente équivalente Exemples d’expérience équivalente : Développement de logiciels dans une équipe comprenant au moins cinq développeurs (Agile, contrôle des versions, etc.) Conception et maintien d’un projet ou d’un produit logiciel dans des environnements de production au sein d’une infrastructure infonuagique publique ou hybride Grande connaissance d’un langage de programmation et familiarité avec d’autres langages pertinents Capacité à comprendre des systèmes passablement complexes Compréhension des outils de tests et de surveillance Capacité de réconcilier les objectifs de l’équipe aux besoins de l’entreprise Expérience de travail avec Java, Kotlin, AWS et React Collaboration: You will collaborate with team members to co-develop and solve problems Leadership and Mentoring: You will take advantage of opportunities to build new technical expertise in a specific engineering area Systems and Technological Integration: You understand the importance of system and technology integration and the basic features and facilities involved in the integration process Application Development /Programming: You will apply software design principles, data structures and/or design patterns, and computer science fundamentals to write code that is clean, maintainable, optimized, modular with good naming conventions Systems Thinking: You will help coordinate stakeholder input and collaboration efforts when developing solutions to issues. You will think broadly and understand how, why, and when policies/processes are standardized and when they differ across the organization. You will implement tasks and/or provides data to support the implementation of comprehensive solutions that forge linkages between structure, people, process, and technology Innovation: You can apply formal training methods to the current workload. You feel comfortable challenging authority/the status quo Technical Communication/Presentation: You report clearly on the current work status. You ask challenging questions when empowered to do so Bachelor’s or master’s in a related technical field; or equivalent related professional experience Equivalent experience includes: Developing software in a team environment of at least 5 engineers (agile, version control, etc.) Building and maintaining a software project/product in production environments in public/hybrid cloud infrastructure Strength in a language, moderate familiarity in other applicable languages Able to understand moderately complex systems Understanding of testing and monitoring tools Understanding of how teams’ goals fit a business need Experience working with Java / Kotlin / AWS / REACT 
ScrapedJobID662:
Deep understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Demonstrated experience supporting an engineering team to ship regularly through automation Experience releasing and managing Node.js and JavaScript applications in the cloud Experience in building and maintaining infrastructure and services around AWS Lambda functions, including integration with CDNs etc. Experience in defining infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform to manage cloud resources, accounts, organizations, users in AWS following best practices Experience setting up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Github Actions, CircleCI, or similar 4+ years of professional software development experience 2+ years of professional experience in cloud infrastructure Architect and build cloud solutions on AWS Build scalable production systems from start to finish; beginning by identifying business needs and taking the project through to its launch, incorporating security, scalability, high availability, monitoring and reporting Communicate architectural concepts to clients and team members alike Use scripting languages such as Bash and Javascript frequently as required Work in a client service role – advocating for the positive long-term impacts of code health and smooth developer experience, while being sensitive to client goals and timelines Grow as an engineer and add to your skillset beyond infrastructure and DevOps Team leadership experience Kubernetes / Docker / Containerization Proficiency in JavaScript Familiarity with GraphQL Open Source contributor Incident management and defining incident response processes (on-call escalation, playbooks/runbooks, postmortems) Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision 16 days of PTO annually in addition to 10 statutory holidays Unlimited sick time Flexible work schedules 40 hour work weeks & no On-Call duty A Home Office Stipend so you can buy a desk, monitor, and more A MacBook Pro, or equivalent Windows or Linux laptop Annual Health & Wellness bonus An encouraging and collaborative culture ...and much more to support your life, both at work and outside of work! 
ScrapedJobID663:
Build and optimize internal services supporting RESTful APIs that handle billions of requests every day Shorten the test, release, and deployment verification feedback cycles Collaborate with your team and others to support deploying and maintaining services built in Python, Go, and Javascript Deploy virtualized, containerized, and functions-as-a-service applications in a multicloud environment Project platform and product needs to build tooling to accelerate future feature development Standardize the big data processing pipeline development stack Implement a standard observability framework across Nylas Improve the security of the platform by adding linting, scanning and pentest tools to the CI/CD pipeline BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent At least 3+ years of experience in backend development on high-impact projects Experience developing and testing with Python, Go, or JavaScript Experience with microservices, distributed systems, and CI/CD pipelines Experience with modern database and storage (MySQL, NoSQL) Some experience with containers and related infrastructure (Docker and K8S) Some experience with Cloud Services (AWS or GCP is preferred) Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% premium coverage for medical, dental and vision for you and your family Additional: Health and DC FSA, Life insurance, with options for STD, LTD Retirement Plan: match up to 1% of annual salary for 401k or RRSP contributions Education Stipend: $1k annual education & development benefit Perk card: $150 per month towards health, wellness, and other perks via Assembly Cell Phone: $50 per month stipend towards cell phone reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID664:
Plan manage, monitor and maintain our GCP platforms and supporting services Support client initiatives and service requests Implement and improve capacity and performance of the platform environments Continually improving the workflow fluency of the platform to drive operational excellence Lead customer communications when dealing with highly sensitive issues Drive operational improvements by analyzing both metrics and customer feedback Participate in cross-functional teams to deliver world-class products and support to clients Stay at the cutting edge of tech-enabled cloud, turning it into our competitive advantage You practice a growth mindset – genuine desire and motivation to learn and develop yourself. You embrace challenges, and persist in face of setbacks. You consider failure an opportunity You love new technology and have an intense curiosity to learn everything about cloud. You love customers, and are obsessed with them - a genuine desire to help You possess strong communication skills, ability to work in a team environment You are driven by your values and look to inspire others through your actions Patience and ability to explain technical matters in simple terms Empathy and understanding of how to best meet a client’s needs. Ability to train and educate people on our solutions, platforms and software services. Approachability, a personable vibe and an air of authenticity. Ambition and humility in equal measure feeding a passion to show why good is never good enough and great better. Proven applied experience in problem-solving technology Professional competence in Google office tools and SaaS integrations A smart and proven understanding of Google Cloud technology Management administration of cloud infrastructure and platform services Integration and scripting skills to optimize and automate workflow practices Your fit with our culture, adaptability, and stamina for learning is important to us. As is the experiences you have gained from the number of years you’ve worked and the level of education you have obtained in technology adoption, professional and academic. Good technical training and practice in the areas described above An ability to demonstrate how you have and continue to evolve your tech learning Projects and assignments you have completed show your best skill base Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID665:
passionate about working with extremely large and complex unstructured and structured data sets, applying your skills in modeling spatial-temporal effects, atmospheric physics, and deep neural networks, developing end-to-end deep learning solutions using PyTorch, LightGBM and other machine learning tools, from the feature development to defining network architecture, to setting up training regime (including distributed training), to packaging the model for real-time inference, working closely with our team members, conducting design, algorithm and code reviews, able to self-direct and succeed with minimal guidance. Technical bachelor's degree. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, chemistry). Programming experience in one or more of the following: Python, C, C++, Java, Scala. 2+ years of work experience in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning algorithms. 2+ years of work experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Octave, Julia, MATLAB) and database languages (e.g., SQL). Master's or Ph.D degree in a related discipline (computer science, mathematics, physics etc.) 2+ years of work experience or relevant coursework with machine learning related open source libraries including, but not limited to: Pandas, Spark, SciKit-Learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Theano, etc. Experience in training machine learning models in a cloud computing environment such as: AWS, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, etc. Experience in building deep neural network models for computer vision, sequence modeling or related areas, powered by GPU, in a distributed training environment. Experience in working with climate data, weather observations or numerical weather prediction models. 
ScrapedJobID666:
Craft microservices, components, & tools to automate the life cycle of highly available (HA), distributed services and applications on multiple platforms! Engineer quality, scalability, availability, and security into your code Protect your products with the assurances of automated testing Deploy containerized applications to AWS through your Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment Work with highly skilled team members, operations team, product managers, and architects as we collaborate to write code / algorithms, mentor one another and build infrastructure and software that matters You bring strong interpersonal skills, a demeanor emphasizing team wins over individual success and comfort working in an agile, social and fast-paced environment A discerning comprehension of standard REST API / gRPC for data interchange Practical experience with microservices architecture concepts like Service Discovery / API Gateway etc. Linux debugging skills Boundary-pushing software development skills in one or more of the following frameworks & languages: Java / Golang / NodeJS / Python / equivalent Advocate for IaaS abstractions, containers technologies & cloud platforms (like Kubernetes / Mesos / Cloud Foundry / OpenShift, Docker, AWS / GCP / Azure, Serverless) Promote proven architectures ("SOLID"/Hexagonal) and other design principles Methodically approach distributed tracing and monitoring of apps Reinforce sound repeatable automated services 10+ years of relevant work experience Have developed in more than one language and ready to pivot to any language/framework Prior experience with Infrastructure as Code and configuration management, using tools like Terraform and Ansible Experience with Spring Boot / Bash programming skills Startup mentality BS/MS degree (Computer Science or Math) or equivalent level of proven professional proficiency 
ScrapedJobID667:
Your time will be split between responding to internal support requests and project-based work. Drive the adoption of DevSecOps and CI/CD best practices to implement CI/CD pipelines to design, build and test secure, scalable, stable and efficient cloud-based applications. Recommend platform and tools to manage DevSecOps and CI/CD at the enterprise level Manage DevSecOps CI/CD platform and tools to ensure adherence to best practices Implement needed security and compliance testing as part of our build pipelines Project work: You will build out the infrastructure automation, perform software upgrades, conduct general infrastructure improvements, build tools and other project-based work. Internal Support request: you will be responsible for making configuration changes for our code repository, adding in users, troubleshooting, and other duties that are requested from you when needed. You will be required to be on call once every 4-8 weeks to support the team in a variety of capacities as needed. Automate everything. Other duties as required. 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, Build & Release Engineer, SRE, or any equivalent. Strong experience building and automating CI/CD pipelines using Github Actions, ArgoCD, CircleCI, TravisCI, Jenkins or GitlabCI using security best practices. Deep understanding of RBAC/ABAC Ability to run POC’s to evaluate and recommend new technologies and services. Strong focus and experience with day 2 operations. Experience working with Containerization (Docker & Kubernetes preferred) Automation: experience with configuration management and infrastructure as code tools is a must. Terraform (preferred), Ansible, Helm, etc. Competitive salary Comprehensive Benefits package. Fun, relaxed work environment. Education and conference reimbursements. Parental leave top-up. Opportunity for career progression and mentoring others. 
ScrapedJobID668:
Understands and translates business and functional needs into machine learning problem statements Translates complex machine learning problem statements into specific deliverables and requirements Designs and develops scalable solutions that leverage machine learning and deep learning models to meet enterprise requirements Works closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop machine learning algorithms Works closely with UX designers and product teams to improve the product user experience Translates machine learning algorithms into production-level code Collaborates with development teams to test and deploy machine learning models Creates metrics to continuously evaluate the performance of machine learning solutions Maintains and improves the performance of existing machine learning solutions Ensures adherence to performance standards and compliance to data security requirements Keeps abreast with new tools, algorithms and techniques in machine learning and works to implement them in the organization Proficiency in machine learning algorithms such as multi-class classifications, decision trees, support vector machines and deep learning Strong understanding of probability and statistical models (generative and descriptive models) Advanced programming skills with C/C++, Python, Java or R Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze results Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts and results to technical and business audiences in a comprehensive manner Ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders, including analytics teams, development teams, product management and operations More than two years of experience in developing and deploying enterprise-scale machine learning solutions. Experience training and deploying models using cloud-based infrastructure. Experience with Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services is desirable. Experience with microservices architecture, Docker and Kubernetes is desirable Bachelor's degree in data science, applied mathematics, computer science or otherwise research-based field; Master’s degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID669:
Windows-based cloud services administration (Azure and Rackspace) including Virtual Machines, Storage, Networking, Identity Management AWS services administration including EC2, Route53, S3, Virtual Private Cloud Cloud application architecture & administration (VMs, SQL databases, networks, web services, etc.)
AWS, Heroku, Rabbit MQ & Azure AWS, Heroku, Rabbit MQ & Azure Virtualized server-side administration, schedule maintenance and resource monitoring
AWS/Linux, Azure & Rackspace/Windows AWS/Linux, Azure & Rackspace/Windows Basic database administration, maintenance and resource monitoring
Mongo & MS/T-SQL Mongo & MS/T-SQL Ensuring adherence to stated compliance and cybersecurity objectives Collaborate with other SS&C IT and InfoSec departments for consolidation of identity management, networking and on-prem and virtualized assets Various o365, power platform administration responsibilities 4+ years of proven experience implementing and troubleshooting complex networks Extensive experience with all aspects of Azure and AWS cloud services An innate leaning towards security and risk-mitigation The ability to work independently, collaborate and communicate effectively Prior experience with a technology managed service provider or equivalent cloud application administration Certification in Azure and/or AWS Administration Certification in Networking (CCNA) Outstanding problem-solving skills Experience in dealing with complex business problems, identifying business/functional user requirements and recommending how to best support them through processes and applications Self-driven, meticulous individual with a demonstrated ability for administrative responsibilities including project management, documentation and team collaboration Life-cycle project management skills including cost/benefit analysis, business requirements documentation, communication of recommendations, timeline/deadline adherence and leading technical deployment initiatives Hybrid Schedule featuring 8-10 days in the office monthly combined with working from home Competitive base salary plus EXCELLENT benefits (including medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD and more)! RRSP Matching Program Global Flexible Time Off Policy (personal/vacation time) Sick Leave Policy Ten company-paid holidays in a full calendar year Eligible for an annual performance-based bonus program Tuition Reimbursement up to 70% and Professional Development up to 100% Candidate Referral Program Business Casual dress code (includes jeans) 
ScrapedJobID670:
Handson experience as AWS developer role Strong understanding of core AWS services, uses, and basic AWS architecture best practices Proficiency in developing, deploying, and debugging cloud-based applications using AWS Ability to use the AWS service APIs, AWS CLI, and SDKs to write applications using security best practices Ability to identify key features of AWS services Proficiency writing code for serverless applications in Python and Node.js Experience with AWS services like API Gateway, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, SNS, SQS, Redshift, CloudWatch Experience on deployment frameworks like Serverless Framework Ability to use a CI/CD pipeline to deploy applications on AWS Experience on database query language Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with SDLC documentation process Agility to learn new skills on the job and use them as required Ability to adopt as cloud agnostic developer. Will be responsible for day to day monitoring of implementation Will interact with other teams as required to resolve any production issues Will be responsible to implement, test and deploy the enhancements and fixes Will assist in creating necessary documentation to support client validation process Identify bottlenecks in the development process and implement solutions Work with developers to optimize applications for performance and scale Administer AWS resources and provide guidance on utilization Ensure we are releasing code safely, securely and frequently Investigate and adopt new technologies/tools as needs arise 8 hour shift Monday to Friday DevOps: 6 years (required) AWS: 4 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID671:
Give our customers peace of mind by expanding and adapting our ability to provide security expertise through InsightVM/Nexpose that aligns with the realities of a constantly-changing security landscape Be creative to evolve our content automation frameworks to ensure simple and scalable processes Developing and maintaining scalable and testable ETL pipelines with responsibilities in transforming and sanitizing data Exercise various quality assurance techniques to ensure policy compliance artifacts are accurate and intuitive Improving code quality of existing frameworks Curiosity and a proven track record of personal growth and self-improvement 1+ years of experience or educational background in software engineering Comfortable and experience with one or more of: Python, Ruby, Java, Bash Affinity to systems administration and learning about new products and technologies Awareness of XML, XPath, JSON, and Regular Expressions Interest with information security principles Rest assured with medical and dental insurance through Canada Life Competitive compensation packages, RSP matching, and an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Keep your life in balance with unlimited paid vacation days, company holidays, maternity/paternity leave and a flexible work schedule as needed. We love to give back with company-wide community giving days, plus ample opportunity to spend time on the causes you care about. Enjoy a modern workplace featuring the latest collaboration tech, healthy snacks and beverages, quiet spaces, and many ways to let off some steam. 
ScrapedJobID672:
Develop data security solutions for mid/large-size enterprises, protecting data at their servers/endpoints against ransomware attacks, malicious insiders, supply-chain attacks, fileless attacks, advanced persistent threat, and any other known/unknown external attacks. Develop data security solutions capable of protecting data stored in mainstream data storage architectures such as NAS, DAS, SAN, vSAN and DFS and in various cluster environments including public cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure), on-premise cloud (e.g. VMWare vSphere, Openstack) and cloud native (e.g. Docker Swarm, Kubernetes). Implement state-of-art machine learning algorithms and apply AI technologies into cybersecurity including virus detection, operation abnormal alarm, etc. Understand the cutting-edge technologies/concepts such as zero-trust architecture, zero-knowledge server, encryption/decryption, least-privilege access, mandatory access control (MAC), endpoint/threat detection and response (EDR/TDR), multi-factor authentication and be capable of applying these technologies in various challenging computing executable environments. Work with the management team to identify, analyze, collect and document business/ customer requirements as well as complement and complete the software system/ application development process. Participate in planning, designing, scoping, implementation, and testing of new/existing data security solutions of BicDroid, committed to improving functionality, reliability, efficiency, usability, maintainability, and portability of products. Be responsible for the entire software system/ application, including building appropriate models, algorithm design, collecting technical information, performance simulation/evaluation, anticipating exceptional scenarios, and making appropriate tradeoffs. Maintain and upgrade the existing products, including bug-fix, interface upgrade, architecture optimization, and performance enhancement. Direct software system testing and validation procedures, providing detailed product functionalities and specs to the testing department and helping them specify product test plans. Drive technical excellence and implementation of best engineering practices such as design review, continuous integration, and code review. Create and maintain an open and transparent environment that values speed, innovation, and quality. Provide technical guidance for the software development team. 3+ years of experience in C/C++ programming. Well-versed in algorithm and data structure. Strong understanding of a variety of operating systems such as Windows, Linux, or Android. At least 1 year of experience in system design. Experience in network infrastructure, security, data, or application development. Familiarity with the basics of SQL or other databases. Knowledge in cryptography including encryption/decryption algorithms, hash, digital signature, key exchange, zero-trust architecture, zero-knowledge server, multi-factor authentication, etc. Knowledge in machine learning algorithms is a plus such as supervised /unsupervised /reinforcement /ensemble learning, particularly in artificial neural network algorithms and deep network algorithms. Good written, verbal, and communication skills. Ability to write technical documents for internal and external audiences. Familiarity with a version control system, preferably Git. Bachelor/Master of Computer Science or electrical and computer engineering, or equivalent. Employer RRSP contribution matching. Extended health benefit plan (after 3 month probation period), covering prescriptions, eyewear, dental, etc. Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID673:
Processing, cleansing, transforming, and verifying the integrity of data used in the analytics Design, develop and help maintain data infrastructure to extract, transform, and load data from various data files, APIs, and databases, and to make them accessible to various client-facing applications as well as internal tools Design, expand and maintain multi-dimensional data warehouse and data marts for complex data flows and data sources Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets Identify ways to improve performance, reliability, efficiency, and quality of data and database. Work closely with Product and Business teams while building solutions Align technical approaches across the engineering teams; In conjunction with others maintains the application's architecture, and a roadmap for projects that evolve toward the target Manage and maintain data process deployment and release pipelines using well adopted tools like Jenkins, Flyway and Liquibase Work with the data management team as part of the agile software development life cycle Coach, mentor and enable developers, testers, and DevOps regarding the resolution of complex technical matters, new technologies and best practices Work with diverse stakeholder groups within and beyond to ensure all their needs are met by the solution including managing relationships with external technology and across the system and with other clients Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business and/or product solutions and value Particulate Pull Requests review activities and adopt version control best practices Engineering or Computer Science degree or equivalent. Master's degree preferred 5+ years dedicated to data engineering, developing, and maintaining data streaming applications, data warehouses, and data lakes 5+ years of database system design and development from requirement gathering to go production 3+ years’ experience with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, Flyway/Liquibase 3+ years’ experience developing data applications in a big-3 cloud data ecosystem Strong SQL skills with foundational knowledge that allows you to write efficient stored procedures and queries Strong programing skills for common languages like Java, PHP, Python, and scripting Experience with Agile methodologies as well as familiar with version control tools like bitbucket 
ScrapedJobID674:
Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computational Statistics or equivalent degree or experience. MS or PHD in Computer Science, specializing in Machine Learning is desirable. Minimum 3 years of relevant experience with statistical computing in R or Python. (Experience with modern R packages and technologies such as dplyr, tidyR, data.table, shinyR preferred). Minimum 3 years of experience with Machine Learning algorithms and Probabilistic Modelling. Strong background in statistics, preferably Bayesian Statistics — experience with Bayesian Inference using Statistical Languages for MCMC such as Stan, JAGS, WinBugs is a big plus. Experience with SQL and SQL Server. Experience with .NET Framework and C# is preferable. Experience using cloud computing platforms such as EC2 (AWS). Domain experience in on-line gaming and entertainment industry, Financial Markets (such as Stock Exchange, Options, Bonds, Forex, etc.), or other types of 2-sided markets. Experience with Neural Networks or Deep Learning on large problems – a plus. Experience with Hadoop, Map Reduce or High Performance Computing – a plus. An environment passionate about growth and learning Competitive salary with bonus Fitness subsidy program Free beverages in the office Workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line 
ScrapedJobID675:
Help to design and build backend services and public APIs to create scalable systems Help to design and build simple, fast and delighting experiences for our Brokers, Partners, Business Owners and Consumers Collaborate with Product Managers, UX Designers and business stakeholders Co-own the delivery of these services and experiences end to end, from building, testing, deploying and running them Dream up your own ideas how to solve critical customer problems, and be part of the full problem solving process Collect and leverage data so we can better understand how customers are using our platform and leverage that data to create better solutions 5+ years of experience as a Full Stack Engineer Solid understanding of Computer Science principles Basic experience with the AWS or any cloud platform Solid Javascript experience, or alternatively Python or any other scripting language Experience with Iterative, Agile software development, and ideally Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Comfortable with tackling ambiguous problems and unblocking yourself Focus on high quality solutions as everything we do impacts customers and the business Data driven in how you solve problems and validate you’ve solved them correctly Possesses strong verbal and written communication skills BS in Computer Science or equivalent work-related experience Exposure to the design and development of large scale systems is a strong plus 
ScrapedJobID676:
Operating within a DevOps environment, the ideal candidate will be responsible for authoring and implementing test cases and test automation from requirements for end-to-end (E2E) cloud-based solutions. Providing subject matter knowledge in solution level functional and non-functional automated testing. Demonstrating the ability to meet individual and team commitments in order to successfully meet customer expectations. Producing automated test reports in Jira/X-Ray for various types of automated non-functional tests such as scale, stability, abuse, limit, and performance tests. Validating new product features by working closely with development engineers in producing E2E test automation coverage Enhancing the efficiency, stability, and scalability of the product through test strategy and test automation Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent 1-3 years of professional experience in Automated Testing Development and/or Demonstrates actual working experiences in software development and automation testing best practices Experience with Python, Bash, JavaScript, Node.js, or Golang (Python and Node.js are a plus) Experience with Ansible based deployments Familiarity with automation test tools such as (K6, Tsung, VLE, FAWKS, pytest, locust.1O, etc.) Familiarity with software configuration management tools (GitHub), defect tracking tools (Jira), and peer review tools Familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes Familiarity with Database technologies such as Couchbase, MongoDB, DataStax(Cassandra), MemSQL, or MySQL. Familiarity with AWS Serverless technologies Strong team collaboration skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong problem-solving skills 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID677:
Monitor systems and telemetry of the HBC Digital Platform, including Salesforce Commerce Cloud, Service Cloud, and Mobile platforms for operational health in terms of site availability, reliability, capacity, and performance. Prioritize and develop automated administrative and operational tasks to continuously improve site stability, capacity, and reliability. Provide active incident response support, investigate major problems, and ensure the timely and effective return to normal operations of the Hudson’s Bay Digital, CRM, and Mobile platforms during major incidents. Provide periodic on-call support based on established 24/7/365 support schedules. Collaborate with DevOps, Digital Development, and QA teams to ensure that Production environments are deployment ready in accordance with HBC Change Management processes and the Digital release schedule. Provide L2 and L3 operational support to business partners, developers, and cross-functional technology teams as-needed. Support incident management and problem management efforts with root cause analysis to effectively identify and resolve issues related to platform reliability, stability, and performance through the careful analysis of telemetry data and system logs. Collaborate with Engineering and Project teams to perform production readiness assessments and ensure that proper controls and process are in place. Work closely with DevOps teams to execute production change management requests on behalf of the Digital Engineering teams. Evaluate and propose tools and techniques to improve operational activities. Support Development teams in the provision and configuration of lower environments. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent AWS, Azure, Microsoft, Salesforce CC and/or Salesforce SC, certifications, and knowledge of ITIL practices Strong troubleshooting, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience in the administration and support of Digital Retail Platforms, e.g. Salesforce CC, Shopify, Magento, IBM WebSphere Commerce, etc. Experience with monitoring, logging & telemetry tools like New Relic, Splunk, ELK, Nagios, SolarWinds, Prometheus, AWS CloudWatch, Datadog, etc. Basic understanding of Networking, Content Delivery Networks (CDN, e.g. Akamai, Cloudflare), and Cloud Platforms. Hand-on experience in the monitoring of streaming platform technologies, like Apache Kafka. Experience with automation and tools such as (but not limited to) Jenkins, Chef, Terraform, Ansible, etc. Experience in creating and maintaining Automation (PowerShell, Python, Ruby, AWK, SED, etc.) to run health-checks and self-healing capabilities for the platforms. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Experience in the use/support of the following platforms and technologies: Cloud: MS Azure, AWS Cloud, Salesforce CC, Salesforce SC, Google Cloud. Networking fundamentals: TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, etc. Collaboration & Change Management tools: Jira, ServiceNow, Cherwell, etc. 4+ years of experience working in global organizations with the ability to effectively communicate with executives, leaders and individual contributors across the organization. 4+ years of SRE experience working on telemetry, observation, self-healing solutions, and platform automation Competitive salary and benefits package Associate discount up to 40% including top brands Flexible work environment that allows for work-life balance 
ScrapedJobID678:
8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID679:
Bring together component subsystems into a whole and ensuring that those subsystems function together Responsible for Software version integration and build management. Baselining of work products Verify that SW modules are integrated with correct exit criteria. Manage Continuous Integration System. Integration with external systems Agreed work product quality levels. Build and test environment setup and maintenance SW configuration and change management 5 years of DevOps experience Understanding of and experience with whole DevOps process Good understanding of CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID680:
Interfacing with the Project Manager/Scrum Master/Product Owner & other members of the technical team; Helping our team and our clients develop their DevOps practices using principles such as automation, continuous integration, continuous delivery and proactive monitoring; Designing and developing scripts and tools for continuous integration and continuous deployments; Ensuring that the code you’ve written functions as designed by creating automated unit , integration and acceptance tests, which execute in a continuous delivery pipeline; Providing thought leadership and mentorship on DevOps best practices and approaches with a focus on ensuring quality outcomes for our clients. This position will primarily be remote; however, you may be required to come on-site occasionally to our 180 John Street location and/or to customer sites within the GTA. Completely fluent in English language both written and verbal at a professional level (this is a client facing role); Extensive experience with Linux administration; Deep knowledge in networking and concepts including IPv4/IPv6, TCP/IP, DNS, NAT, VPN, overlay network, subnetting, routing etc.; Proven hands-on experience with Kubernetes/OpenShift, specifically creating clusters from scratch and the ability to administer them in private or public cloud environments; Experienced in troubleshooting techniques and able to approach issues methodically to resolve issues efficiently; Familiar with cloud technologies (public, private and/or hybrid) including Openstack, AWS and GCP; Experience deploying microservices using container technologies; Experience with automation using scripting languages, such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and/or Bash as well as configuration of infrastructure with code automation (e.g. Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, Chef); Experience with version control software and CI/CD tools, preferably GitLab and Jenkins/GitLab CI; Strong understanding of continuous integration/delivery practices and other DevOps concepts; Experience with monitoring and reporting frameworks (i.e. ELK, Prometheus, Kiali and/or InfluxDB/Grafana); Experience working in an Agile environment. Exposure to Microservices Architecture; Experience with using Helm Charts; Knowledge of service mesh (e.g. Istio); Experience with RESTful web services; Familiarity with security tooling, concepts and processes. Interesting technical challenges; Competitive dental and extended health care plans (with 100% employer-paid premiums); Generous number of vacation days; Flexible working hours; Quarterly office socials; Quarterly team lunches; Monthly “Lunch n' Learns” (knowledge-sharing sessions); RRSP Plan (including a company % match). 
ScrapedJobID681:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of technology related sales or business development experience at a B2B software company. 5 years of experience building strategic business partnerships with enterprise customers. Experience selling infrastructure software, databases, analytical tools, applications software, or cloud solutions. Experience working with and managing partners in complex implementation projects including global system integrators and packaged software vendors. Experience successfully working with large complex commercial and legal negotiations, and with procurement, legal, and business teams. Ability to work with sales engineers and customer’s technical leads to inventory existing software estate, define migration plans, and build business cases for migrations. Build and deepen executive relationships with enterprise customers, influence long-term strategic direction, and serve as a business partner. Facilitate and manage complex business cycles, often presenting to C-level executives in corporate and global customers. Lead account strategy in generating and developing business growth opportunities, working collaboratively with Customer Engineers, and Google partners. Understand each customer’s technology footprint, strategic growth plans and business drivers, technology strategy, and competitive landscape. Drive business development, forecast accurately, and achieve strategic goals by leading customers through the entire business cycle. 
ScrapedJobID682:
Design and build a highly efficient and scalable data lake to store and process large amounts of data. Design and build facts, dimensions, snapshots, SCDs in Redshift using SnapLogic or similar tools. Create data models and perform performance tuning Develop ETL and implement best practices for ETL development highly optimized to process very large data sets. Write complex SQL for processing raw data, data validation. Solve issues with data models and come up with solutions Skills. Lead data migration and integration efforts . Craft processes to ensure clean data. Prepare data for job runs. Support existing jobs. Solve, analyze and repair production issues. Bachelor’s Degree in STEM field, Computer Science or equivalent. A Master's Degree is a plus. 7+ years of rich experience in AWS cloud data and analytics space with solid understanding of Data warehousing product RedShift and SQL. 3+ years with other ETL Data integration tools and MySQL. 5+ years of experience in implementing data lake and data warehouse technologies. Must have experience working with high-volume data and building batch and near real-time ETL processes using AWS services such as Redshift. Experience with AWS Redshift and Redshift Spectrum, AWS EMR, PySpark and Glue, Redshift Data warehouse experience. Good hands-on knowledge of both MySQL, InnoDB and MySQL ecosystem of tools and technologies. Experience working with RDBMS, Sql Server, Redshift, Snowflake, BigQuery, Teradata or AWS SQL -Data Warehouse Experience using Powershell and Python. Experience with S3 Object store and other Big Data storage platforms Deep understanding of data mapping, data validation, data manipulation and data analysis use cases. Experience with visualization tools, such as Tableau. Advanced Excel and Google Slides skills 
ScrapedJobID683:
8+ yrs as a Java Developer Java 8+ Deep Understanding in Spring Boot Deep Understanding of Spring Security Relational Database MongoDB Good delegation and time management skills Affinity towards new technology and excited to make an impact Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Java: 8 years (preferred) Spring Boot: 3 years (preferred) Spring Data: 3 years (preferred) Spring Security: 3 years (preferred) Kafka: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID684:
Be part of a dynamic team that is passionate about creating industry-changing, cloud-based applications and platforms. Solve real customer problems and experiment with new ideas. Decompose existing software systems while working with and influencing others to improve overall architecture Collaborate with QA engineers to ensure accurate and comprehensive testing coverage Contribute to troubleshooting and technical support of the product Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle 5+ years of UI development experience Proficiency with JavaScript ES6 experience Familiarity with open-source Java stack development (Java, Gradle, Git, Jenkins, JUnit, Tomcat) Experience working with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React or Vue) Knowledge of unit test frameworks like Jest and React-testing-library Proficiency with CSS abstraction layers (e.g. SASS or JSS) Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Engineering at Veeva Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID685:
Software Development : propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution; keeping end user needs in mind. Team work : work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Process & Operations : ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our teams function and the quality of the products we build. Participate and lead in all aspects of quality testing and release of Roche’s analytics software products by working with distributed systems, backend testing, UI testing, database testing Write test plans, test cases, conduct code reviews Technically guide other test engineers and provide sound technical solutions, particularly efficient and effective test automation Implement and maintain an end-to-end automation test framework for running UI integration tests and quality dashboards using various tools: Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, Cypress, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Junit Implement automated API testing using tools such as REST Assured or SOAP UI Work closely with the development team to improve unit test coverage, frameworks and productivity tools Participate in requirements, architecture, and design specification reviews Use defect management tools such as JIRA Use the GIT source code management system and the Jenkins Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tool Develop Load and Performance tests using tools such as JMeter Develop tests for DNA Analytics tools B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent field 8+ years of direct related experience in Software Quality Assurance and testing with proficiency in Behavioral + Test-Driven Development principles or equivalent combination of education and experience to perform at this level Experience defining and executing on testing strategy and approach Experience technically leading the test team on testing approach and automation solutions Proficiency in at least one of these languages: Java (preferred), JavaScript/TypeScript, Python/Ruby, and Bash Comfortable with: AWS, and Linux Shell Experience with various QA and support related tools such as Selenium, Maven, TestNG/JUnit, Cucumber, Protractor, Jenkins Experience with creating automated tests for API, UI and database layers Experience with developing, running and analyzing load and performance tests Experience in creating from scratch, maintaining and improving comprehensive test automation framework covering all major testing areas - UI, API, database, middleware Leadership, mentoring and cross-team communication and effort coordination experience Bioinformatics experience of any kind 
ScrapedJobID686:
Build and optimize modern RESTful APIs to handle billions of requests every day Build and optimize data synchronization services to handle TB-level message data Collaborate with your team to write, test, debug, and deploy Python Flask services Work with multiple-cloud-based deployments and application environments Brainstorm solutions to customer problems and guide decisions based on your knowledge of the codebase BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent At least 2+ years of experience in backend development on high-impact projects Strong experience with Python (Flask preferred) and Golang Some experience with microservices, distributed system, and CI/CD pipelines Some experience with modern database and storage (MySQL, NoSQL) Some experience with containers and related infrastructure (Docker and K8s) Some experience with Cloud Services (AWS or GCP is preferred) Fast-learner and team player Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% of medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family Retirement Plan: 401k & RRSP with a company match (super rare for a startup) Holidays: 14 paid annual holidays (New Year’s Day, Family Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Indigenous People's Day, etc) Education Grant: annual learning & development benefit Paid Parental Leave: 12 weeks parental leave (maternity & paternity) Voting/Election PTO: 4 hours of paid time off to vote in person or volunteer at a polling place 
ScrapedJobID687:

ScrapedJobID688:
Certification: GCP Solution Architect – Associate or GCP SysOps - Associate Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes Monday to Friday GCP Cloud Operations Senior Engineer: 8 years (preferred) GCP Solution Architect Certification (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID689:
Development of new features and enhancements for the IDM and IOT solutions. Develop proof of concept applications that helps sales team on their pursuits. Participation in architecture and design reviews. Assist testing team with data setup and validation procedures. Help operations in troubleshooting and defect resolution of issues. BS in computer science, computer engineering, or equivalent. Extensive Java server-side development experience using Object-Oriented Design. Experience with Spring/Spring Boot, JPA, Spring MVC framework and SCM tools. Working with OAuth2, SAML2, Angular and VueJS is a plus. Good understanding of web and application server technologies, including open-source technologies. Hands-on experience in RESTful Web Services, JSON and XML. Good Linux skills with knowledge on Shell scripting. 
ScrapedJobID690:
Maintain and extend frameworks and automation solutions for testing Participate in code/peer reviews with team members Have the ability to work in fast paced environment within a small team that collaborates with multiple teams Develop test cases from business requirements (create test data as required) Analyze, document, and report status, test results, and testing progress according to the test plan Document, track and escalate issues as appropriate, using JIRA Identify and log defects, work with development to resolve, and verify fixes when implemented Familiarity with software testing (unit, integration, functional, regression). Basic programming skills in any OOP language Intermediate level of English Strong work ethics Must be able to multitask and work independently or in a team Strong organizational skills and attention to details Financial systems/operations background is a plus Experience with Linux/Unix environment is a plus 
ScrapedJobID691:
Use SQL and Python to interact with Geotab’s big data infrastructure Leverage learning packages like Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow to develop Machine Learning models Develop new features for Machine Learning models and visualize features Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions Use data mining, model building, and other analytical techniques to develop new datasets and data driven solutions Make recommendations for new metrics, techniques, and strategies to improve Geotab’s product suite Within final two years of a university degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math or a related field Strong communication, organization, and time management skills, as well as a willingness to learn and strong work ethic Experience using SQL Experience using Python Experience working with Machine Learning algorithms and big data tools is an asset Previous industry work experience preferred Ping Pong and foosball skills always a plus 
ScrapedJobID692:
Design, document, develop and execute automation test scripts Analyze, document and report test results Maintain the health of the automated test cases between releases/sprints Define and ensure adherence to the automated test strategy, processes and standards Coach and mentor team members in test automation and industry best practices Provide test automation architecture, frameworks, design and code review Work with Sr. Quality Analyst and Lead Quality Analyst to establish a test automation plan Experience of developing sophisticated automation testing plans. Deep knowledge of UI Automation, Web Service Automation and Performance / Load Testing Good at developing reusable, low maintenance automation scripts. Good at strategizing automation delivery by analyzing automation ROI Solid experience with one or more (Ruby, Python, Java) scripting languages Well versed with REST/SOAP API testing, SOAPUI, Postman 4+ years of experience with building or maintaining an automated test framework 3+ years of experience creating Selenium tests Experience working with JSON, XML. Strong understanding of SQL queries and GUI design standards, especially as they relate to test automation object recognition. 2+ years of experience using agile software development life cycle. Good verbal and written communication skills in English Good Analysis, problem solving, time management skills Strong in understanding of standard software test methodologies Experience with source control system and versioning releases Experience using cloud based infrastructure for testing is desirable Experience working with Robot Framework ISTQB Foundation certification Experience with eCommerce projects Experience of Acceptance Test Driven Development ISTQB Foundation certified (if not, will be required to be certified within 6 months from date of joining) Hybris Business Analyst Certification (Will be required to be certified within 9 months from date of joining) 
ScrapedJobID693:
Provide top-tier software support for Cvent’s product offerings to our customer service team and clients. This role is not customer facing. Assist operations and development teams with debugging software issues. Query databases to generate and analyze data for reporting and troubleshooting purposes. Work with our sales engineering team to ensure the successful operation of our partner and client integrations. Work with multiple teams to find, analyze, and resolve client issues. Troubleshoot and maintain front end and back end systems. Monitor, document and report system and performance issues. Facilitate communication between technology teams and other departments on issue status and resolution. Supply in-depth technical and business product knowledge to multiple teams. Weekend on-call support on a rotational basis is required for this position. The successful candidate will have 0 to 2 years of relevant experience. Holds a bachelor’s in computer science, Engineering, or a similar technical diploma. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Understanding of relational databases and how to query data using SQL. Working knowledge of HTML/CSS. Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle. Solid knowledge of at least one object-oriented programming language. Outstanding oral and written communication skills. Ability to convey technical information to a general audience. Aptitude for learning new technologies. Zealous attention to detail. Monitoring tools: NewRelic, Splunk, Datadog. Hosting: Amazon Web Services Programming: Java, C#, .Net, Node.js Open source and NoSQL database technologies: Couchbase, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ APIs: SOAP or REST based Build & deploy technologies: Docker and Jenkins Version control: Git 
ScrapedJobID694:
Manage and oversee AWS infrastructure Automate and manage code deployments (release management) Develop continuous integration and continuous delivery solutions in a cloud-based Linux environment Establish and maintain system monitoring solutions Establish best practices for software and database release processes Leverage cloud-based features like auto-scaling to streamline operational processes Document system configuration and deployment procedures Keep up-to-date with latest developments and techniques in the rapidly changing devops field 5+ years of experience in Amazon Web Services including but not limited to EC2, EB, ELB, VPC, RDS, S3 and Auto-Scaling. 3+ years of experience with a Continuous Integration environment like Jenkins Proficiency in managing Kubernetes clusters deploying docker applications Experience using Terraform Proficiency in at least one programming language usable for system management and scripting (Bash scripts, Python, etc) Experience managing relational and NoSQL databases like MongoDB and postgres Proficiency in the configuration and administration of Linux-based systems Experience with a configuration and automation management tool like Chef, Puppet, or equivalent Solid understanding of standard networking technologies and network security Familiarity with SOA and modern web & mobile application server architectures Experience with a programming language used for application development like Python, NodeJS, Swift, .NET, Ruby, etc. Enthusiasm for open-source tools and solutions Prior experience in a startup environment Are passionate about building amazing products Are open to suggestions, collaborative, and thrive in team environments Love and are willing to learn new technologies and styles Are scrappy, entrepreneurial with the ability to turnaround high-quality projects quickly without depending on a large team HOMER offers competitive compensation including equity and full benefits. Smart, passionate, and engaged co-workers. Excellent top-tier Medical/Dental/Vision benefits The chance to have a big impact, quickly The rare opportunity to make a dent in the universe. We're bringing a love of reading and learning to children globally! 
ScrapedJobID695:

ScrapedJobID696:
MSc or PhD degree in Coastal Engineering, Physical Oceanography, or a related field Industry experience in numerical modelling with Delft3D (preferred), ADCIRC, MIKE, Telemac or related models for storm surge and waves, coastal circulation and sediment transport applications More than 6 years of experience in a consulting or applied research environment Programming experience (Matlab, Python) Solid understanding of statistics Experience leading and managing projects Excellent communication and writing skills (English) Industry experience in developing scientific software and modelling toolboxes Experience or proven interest in the assessment of climate change projections and their impact on met-ocean parameters Experience or proven interest in atmospheric science and implementation of WRF models Experience in administering numerical models in Linux OS and cloud computing platforms 
ScrapedJobID697:
Bachelor's degree or masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field Experience delivering SaaS solutions, ideally to enterprise customers At least 5 years of experience writing end to end automated tests in a production setting At least 3 years experience in leading a QE focused team Designed and built complex test systems and frameworks & managed test infrastructure Experience creating complete lifecycle test automation solutions: Client-side, API, Integration, Performance, Load and End to End testing Advanced experience working with CI/CD tools (such as Jenkins, TeamCity, CircleCI) to deploy, run and evaluate automation test suites Excellent written and interpersonal communication, and documentation skills Ability to prioritize tasks and work independently Good business and technical acumen: Able to structure and analyze requirements into discrete test procedures Works well under pressure: Reliable and able to get things done with important deadlines Flexible and adaptable: Can adjust to changing priorities and timelines Hands-on experience on multiple programming languages like: JavaScript, Java, Ruby (experience with comparable languages are also valuable) Be a thought leader for quality practices and a passionate customer advocate Be the leader of our QE Guild and mentor for a team of QE engineers, working with them on developing their technical expertise Drive QE process across a multi-disciplinary team, ensuring consistent approaches to testing strategies, defect management, and release management Be hands on in leading the team through large projects to upscale current QE practices - Ex: Building in UI Automation testing Work with various business stakeholders to ensure testing standards are consistent across various teams 
ScrapedJobID698:
Bachelor’s degree or higher education in Electrical Engineering from an accredited institute Minimum 5 years of industrial experience working in power consultation or utility companies with records of work experience in North America Industrial experience and knowledge of SCADA system, RTUs, Gateways, using control and automation tools, IEC61131-3 PLC programming languages, communication protocols in power industry (DNP3, Modbus, IEC61850…) Ability to read and follow sequence diagrams, flow charts and electrical drawings Hands on experience with integration, commissioning and testing of control, protection and automation systems for renewable energy resources at distribution/transmission systems at laboratory or field environment (BESS, PV, Wind), programing and evaluation of protective relays and IEDs Familiarity with industrial standards associated with distribution automation, SCADA and communications Good communication skills and engineering judgements Good ethical and professional business manner in work and in interaction with colleagues and customers Capable of working with minimum guidance and being self-initiative. Knowledge of below items are considered as assets:
AutoCAD or similar software tool
RSCAD/RTDS hardware in loop digital simulations
Familiarity with Cloud-based services and solutions, Azure, AWS, …
Knowledge of programming languages: Python, C#, Node.js, … AutoCAD or similar software tool RSCAD/RTDS hardware in loop digital simulations Familiarity with Cloud-based services and solutions, Azure, AWS, … Knowledge of programming languages: Python, C#, Node.js, … Efficient customer interaction to understand their requirements and to document design specifications Programing and configuration of automation / SCADA devices, gateways, and RTUs Performing system integration, troubleshooting and testing for electric utility projects Design, review, and run test procedures Perform detailed investigation and evaluation of device to device connectivity, information exchange and operation Conduct tests in a laboratory environment on emerging technologies, and analyze results to provide recommendations on design adjustment or performance enhancement solutions Read electrical drawings and develop test setups, involving assembly, wiring, and settings and configuration of digital devices such as protective relays and automation controllers Prepare project reports and description of work Prepare project proposals, Scope of Work, and request for quotation documents. Working conditions are normal for a professional office environment. Working in customers laboratory and field activities are included. Work requires some overnight local and regional travel including once or twice per month job sites visits for project work with customers. 
ScrapedJobID699:
Work on developing and enhancing NSP's Automation Product Suites tools and pipelines Be challenged to learn continuously and apply your technical knowledge to new scenarios as our product changes to meet the requirements of our customers Research and evaluate software to include in the development environment and product Devise ways to capture and represent complex information in simple ways Strong programming skills and a love of coding. We use multiple languages; mostly Python, Groovy, Bash as well as Golang, and Java. We automate everything and help teams automate everything possible. This includes building end-to-end processes and services that’ll bring efficiency and quality to our engineering teams. Strong systems skills are required to investigate and resolve issues in all our environments as well as making great design decisions for our tools as our products are run on Linux and our teams use Linux, MacOS and Windows. Experience with CI/CD pipelines and tools such as Git, Jenkins, Artifactory, Gradle Experience creating Docker images, Helm charts and integrating in Kubernetes Excellent people and communication skills One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg Workplace Pride Global Benchmark LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation 
ScrapedJobID700:
Strong experience using the Microsoft Azure Data Stack (ADFv2, Azure SQL DB, Azure SQL Datawarehouse, Azure Data Lake, Azure Databricks, Analysis Services, Cosmos DB) Azure data migration patterns Knowledge of C# essential Agile methodology experience essential CI/CD, Azure DevOps experience, highly desirable Customer/client-facing consulting skills Ability and desire to mentor junior team members. 3+ years current and deep experience with implementing large engagements. Proven experience managing projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing multi-phase/multi-dimensional/multi-resource projects to conclusion while maintaining high customer satisfaction 3+ years experience assessing feasibility of migrating customer solutions and/or integrating with 3rd party systems both Microsoft and non-Microsoft platforms 2+ years of experience and advanced domain knowledge in one or more vertical industries: manufacturing, financial services, government, legal, healthcare, property management 
ScrapedJobID701:
Design and develop a scalable secure cloud service application Ability to code to implement essential security measures Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve system security, stability, reliability, and performance Collaborate with co-worker to translate features and requirements to technical design Develop and maintain secure application deployment patterns on the cloud; review application solution designs for cloud-fit and optimality 1+ year of experience with AWS Minimum 2 years of experience of Front-end development. (Preferred React) Excellent written and oral communication skills is required Ability to work effectively with customers and co-workers Any AWS certification is an asset Statutory vacation Holiday Pay Health benefits 
ScrapedJobID702:
Hands on knowledge of encryption protocols such as MACSEC, IPSec, TLS Formulate the right metrics and definitions of success to drive quality, efficiency, cost, and timeliness, and evolve these over time to match changes to the infrastructure and business requirements. Perform deep dives on complex technical issues across networks, ranging from automated tooling to hardware failures and network issues. Anticipate potential operational risks and develop strategies to mitigate/minimize. Participate and improve escalation and emergency response with detailed postmortem while addressing issues systematically to prevent future occurrences. Resolve company network outages. Recommend and perform remedial actions to eliminate similar future troubles. Manage firewall technologies including Cisco, Fortinet, Mikrotik. Maintain and support existing infrastructure, and lead research, planning, design, implementation and support of existing and emerging infrastructure technologies in a complex environment with minimal supervision. Manage and configure network devices such as Routers, Switches, Firewalls, and APs. Have expertise in design, build and support of network infrastructure. Solve system problems with little supervision and minimal guidance. Perform other related duties incidental to the work described herein. Experience in implementing/maintaining the monitoring, alerting and repairing systems for production networks in a DevOps environment. Willing to participate on an on-calls schedule which includes overnights and weekends based on the team's needs on monthly cadence.. 15% of travel( Domestic or international) Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or a related field is ideal but will consider those actively attending college. Three or more years of experience in various industry standards and Cisco enterprise networking. Must have protocol-level understanding of Switching technologies – VLAN, STP (all types), LACP, Virtual switching – Cisco VSS / VSP or equivalent, spine-leaf architecture. Experience working within a global team and collaborating with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with limited supervision. Working knowledge of web application firewalls, load balancers and proxies. Expert knowledge of Fortinet & Cisco ASA Firewalls. Expert knowledge Routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP Unix system management & scripting capability: Python & Ansible, GIT. Must have knowledge & experience of analyzing packet captures & Protocol analysis and proficiency with tools to collect network statistics utilizing protocols (SNMP, NetFlow, etc…) Expert knowledge of TCP/IP, common protocols, and standards. Must have working knowledge of 802.1x, firewalls, security policies, access lists. Handle software upgrades and device maintenance Experience with network virtualization eco-systems such as VMWare OR Experience in data center architectures (servers, networking, storage, physical hardware, virtualization, etc.) Functional/knowledge bullet for Public Cloud experience, AWS, Azure, etc. Works well under pressure, quick to learn and able to deal with a wide range of issues. Good analytical skills and able to collate and interpret data from various sources Positive, confident, and able to work on own initiative. CCNA certification is preferred. Fortinet NSE certification is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID703:
Own the design and implementation of infrastructure code and automation for our entire stack Helps define and extend the core processes used by the team Implements key new tooling and automation used by all developers every day Capable of designing and coding significant new infrastructure spanning multiple services from scratch and shipping it successfully without bugs Able to effectively communicate status and future design thinking in a concise way for a group of engineers collaborating on a feature Mentors developers on developing and maintaining infrastructure and gathering feedback Able to break down a design into component tasks and guide other developers on execution Communicates well with multiple engineering teams and contractors, documenting requests and updating everyone on progress Learn how to ship massive combined IoT hardware/software releases, live, using one-week sprints and Trello Engage in educated and exciting technical discussions Computer Science, Physics, Math, Engineering, Chemistry or related BA/BS degree Five to eight years professional experience, working in a software company with the title of Site Reliability Engineer, Senior Site Reliability Engineer, or higher Raydiant is especially open to curriculum designers and presenter from dev bootcamps Two years of experience with strong architectural and system design skills in backend technologies such as Go, Node.js, Python, Docker, docker-compose, and experience with multi-container environments AWS experience, especially with CloudFormation, EC2, VPCs/networking, and lambdas Relational database experience, such as RDS/Aurora Authentication experience including oAuth2 and standard LDAPExperience with modern SaaS build services (Codeship/Circle CI/Travis CI) Deep “git fu”: GitHub, PR process, able to explain what cherry-picking and squash are for Experience with Terraform Experience with Go and/or Python Bias towards coding rather than doing things mannually Deep knowledge of AWS networking objects and how to use them Experience with agile development in a one-week cycle using pairing Experience building automated deployment promotion pipeline (i.e., build, test, deploy) using AWS services AWS certifications are not very important to us; real-world coding SRE experience is 
ScrapedJobID704:
Computer and Information Sciences, General Information Technology MS Windows Startup company Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Java JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Python Angular.js Git Criminal record check Computer Internet access Own transportation Own vehicle Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Relocation costs not covered by employer Database software Programming software Programming languages Software development SQL Mapping and data visualization software Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID705:
Testing and evaluating hardware systems Verifying PCB designs or components under various thermal and environmental conditions Working closely with factory teams to ensure high quality of all our product designs Resolving factory or customer issues quickly and professionally Minimum B.Sc or B.Eng in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering At least 6 years of experience validating PCB designs in a lab environment Familiarity with EMC/EMI/Safety and ITU/IEEE/Bellcore telecommunications standards. Experience in validating equipment performance to these standards is essential. Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and leadership skills along with a proven ability to work with a variety of diverse people over multiple time zones and continents to achieve a common goal One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg Workplace Pride Global Benchmark LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation 
ScrapedJobID706:
8+ years distributed services development or equivalent 8+ years of experience with C++, C#, Go, Python, or equivalent A good grasp on API design, algorithms, and data structures A BS or MS in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Strong understanding of Git Excellent debugging skills Passion for crafting elegant code Highly self-motivated and independent Legally permitted to work in Canada Experience integrating with cloud services Experience resolving build infrastructure issues Experience handling media data such as images or videos Basic understanding of SQL-like database Amateur photographer / fan of photography / photos enthusiast 
ScrapedJobID707:
2 years or more experience working in the Hospitality Industry (Hotels and Restaurants) Experience as user of POS systems such as but not limited to (Simphony various versions, MICROS 3700/8700/9700/e7, RES) Technical experience as it relates to installing Hardware and troubleshooting that Hardware Knowledge of Cloud based software systems Knowledge of 3rd party interfaces 
ScrapedJobID708:
Experience with Cloud Services (Azure,GCP,AWS, etc...) Expert perl experience (Linux environment) Expert shell scripting experience (sh/bash) Advanced Python scripting experience Linux Configuration Management (Cfengine, Puppet, Chef etc..) Familiar with CVS and GIT repositories (from command line) Ability to examine unfamiliar code and determine purpose/results Advanced to Expert RHEL administration and troubleshooting
including all common services (sendmail, cron, X, autofs, syslog-ng, pam, ntp, etc...) including all common services (sendmail, cron, X, autofs, syslog-ng, pam, ntp, etc...) Advanced PXE/kickstart/satellite experience Working knowledge of network troubleshooting (OS level) Application troubleshooting experience Experience developing Infrastructure as Code (IaC) / Terraform / Ansible / Cfengine3 / Packer Experience with containers/Kubernetes Experience with Centrify and NIS (ADNIS) Familiar with hardware configuration/troubleshooting (BIOS and RAID config) LSF Grid environment experience 
ScrapedJobID709:
Optimizing network hardware and software to enable VMware integration; Developing and deploying customized VMware solutions; Installing operating systems and service packs, as well as security patches and bug fixes; Troubleshooting and resolving VMware environment issues; Providing technical support and documenting VMware processes; Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, computer programming, or similar. A minimum of 3 years experience as a VMware engineer. Proficiency in VMware associated programs and coding languages, such as Windows Server, MS IIS, SAN architecture, WebSphere, Citrix, Python, and C++ Knowledge of the fundamentals of VMware ESX and related technologies. VMWare Certified Professional (VCP) would be an asset; 
ScrapedJobID710:
Work hands-on with the latest DevOps technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, Helm) Maintain and operate automated tooling that deploys a cloud-native IoT+web+mobile application to multiple regions world-wide Perform operational tasks such as standing up new clusters and instances and upgrading existing ones Debug operational issues and perform root cause analysis for unexpected outages Assist backend/frontend developers in packaging their components for cloud deployment Develop automation to proactively monitor the deployments and IoT fleets for errors, outages and anomalies Create playbooks for after-hours support teams to follow in case of outage Experience with Amazon Web Services, the AWS cli and the AWS SDK for Python Understanding of the Kubernetes Ecosystem (Docker, Helm) About 5 years experience in Python development Proficiency with Linux/Unix command line tools, bash scripting Expertise with version control with GIT(Lab) Ability to work cross functionally and own your projects, ticket your own milestones and releases Proficiency in writing and supporting your documentation for the tools you own Ability to ticket and manage your work using Jira Previous IT experience Experience creating CI pipelines with GitLab and/or Jenkins Multi-region/Multi-zone scaling expertise SQL database (postgres) experience Redis Experience Security Experience 
ScrapedJobID711:
Cloud support engineers are responsible for maintaining cloud computing systems. Their work involves a lot of technical computer programming knowledge and they need to be familiar with computer hardware as well. They are responsible for assessing systems to identify potential weaknesses or problems. They determine when something isnt working as well as expected and then take steps to correct the problem. They upgrade software and hardware systems in order to ensure optimal performance and prevent system issues. Cloud support engineers may be directly involved in recovering data thats been lost or compromised when there’s a problem with the cloud computing system. They may also provide technical support to customers who are having issues with the system. Their responsibilities require them to have a split focus. While their objective is to continue the development and improvement of existing systems so that they aren’t compromised and so that they work as effectively as possible, cloud support engineers must have documented plans in place for how to deal with emergencies and problems with the systems. Teamwork skills, management and leadership skills, analytical skills, problem-solving skills, communication skills, programming skills, customer service skills Monday to Friday Cloud support: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID712:
Experience programming in Python Experience with one or more machine learning (ML) framework(s) (e.g., TensorFlow, Spark ML, etc.) Experience with machine learning concepts (e.g., boosted trees, neural networks, computer vision, and natural language) Experience in scikit-learn or XGBoost Experience as a committer in an open source project Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Work on Google Cloud AI products, machine learning concepts and frameworks, and design application programming interface (API) and client libraries. Represent the needs of technical communities throughout the entire product lifecycle (e.g., input on design discussions, customer zero testing, launch, and post-launch updates). Build tools that data scientists and ML engineers will use to interact with automated ML and AI platform components. Participate in technical communities as a practitioner having, or developing, a deep understanding of that community’s needs, specifically around data management. Advocate for your community internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, Public Relations, Marketing, Business Development, and other cross-functional teams. 
ScrapedJobID713:
Join a large team of developers owning authentication, tenant and user management backend services in a multi-tenant SaaS solution supporting thousands of signups per month. Participate in all aspects of software engineering including designing, planning, coding, verifying, integrating, releasing, monitoring, supporting and maintaining. Collaborate with managers, architects, site reliability engineers, quality assurance verifiers, and security office specialists to advance the team roadmap. Review architectural proposals to ensure a sound solution that doesn’t compromise expansion, scale, performance and robustness. Utilize an Agile software engineering process to continuously deliver and deploy quality and feature improvements in a cloud environment. Engage in sprint cycle around planning with estimation, daily scrum, demo and retrospective. Engineering with a solid track record of coding, designing and delivering products. Designing and coding NodeJs and GoLang or equivalent RESTful API micro-services using MongoDB or Redis. Developing solutions using containerization and Kubernetes. Architecting and building at scale with concepts like rate limiting, service level indicators, performance metrics, thread tracing. Understanding of Identity Access Management (IAM) or Identity-as-a-Service software and concepts. Programming OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, or similar authentication and authorization protocols. Understanding and using JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) AWS: 5 years (preferred) Go: 5 years (preferred) Node.js: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID714:
Maintain the security, reliability and availability of Thinkific's applications in the cloud, which includes to proactively monitor, review and triage application performance Manage and execute scheduled critical infrastructure updates Collaborate with development teams to promote SRE best practices including the use of SLOs, SLIs and error budgets Manage our Docker containers and infrastructure Participate in on-call and emergency support (a few times per quarter) for our product and effectively troubleshoot problems within the Thinkific platform Perform root cause analysis of software and service failures and participate in blameless post-mortems in order to learn from all of our incidents Help maintain and update cloud infrastructure as required You have 5+ years experience in a full-stack role, including 1-2 of those years spent focusing on Site Reliability (we will also consider less formally experienced applicants that still demonstrate a strong grasp of development operations, have past work to show and are eager to grow quickly) You have a deep knowledge of back-end server languages such as Ruby, Python and Bash and a strong understanding of both relational and NoSQL databases, including experience with database deployment and operations (Postgres and/or AWS Aurora) You have experience in various systems automation and tooling technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Experience in monitoring/APM/Alerting tools such as Datadog, New Relic, Prometheus or OpsGenie You have experience deploying and operating applications on cloud architectures (we use AWS) as well as experience with software engineering best practices (e.g. testing, code reviews, CI/CD) Knowledge of infrastructure as code best practices and experience developing with Terraform You have substantial knowledge of networking and network architecture as well as ElasticSearch and Redis You have experience administering Linux systems You have experience in performance optimization through all application layers including debugging problems throughout the entire stack You have knowledge and experience scripting Nginx with languages such as Lua (we use OpenResty) You have previous experience working for a SAAS-based organization You have knowledge and experience with SemaphoreCI You are a certified AWS DevOps Engineer You have knowledge of Golang Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID715:
Your love of technology is insatiable to the point you think researching is fun. Constantly learning is your dream job. Working on multiple projects at a time and with support from your Technical Architects and Technical Directors, you’ll be responsible for pre-planning and executing infrastructures, and making sure they are set up for success. Working on making better our dynamic internal infrastructure, to cover a big vast type of projects. Prototype internal devops tools on projects or jam3 infrastructure. Define the technical devops approach, identifying critical components, and following best practices. With the help of the Technical Architects, define or create infrastructure approaches. Be a mentor and promote knowledge growth. Attention to detail is critical. We take great pride in making sure every deliverable is 100 percent. You will help us get better through your keen technical eye and upholding of coding standards on a daily basis. Help the Technical Directors provide estimations for new infrastructure solutions. Make sure our infrastructure solutions are always doing things the best (and most efficient) way possible. Answering questions and removing obstacles for your team. Collaborate with the Directors to build a solid plan, your role is to communicate any concerns you might have upfront. Actively participate in the dev/devops community pushing the company forward through blog writing, speaking at conferences, attending meetups, maintaining/creating our own open-source projects/libraries. Administer training materials for new team members, co-op students and programs like We3. Identify new talent and participate in the interviewing process. Help build the team you work with by referring top candidates to the Talent Team and HR on a monthly basis. Create tools to reduce duplicated work and to ensure high-quality standards on every project. If you’ve been a DevOps Engineer, especially on AWS. If your technical experience is deep and wide. If you'd like to give talks and write articles. If you’ve been an Instructor/Teacher. If you’re autonomous, proactive, accountable and organized. Your experience working as DevOps Your expertise on Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud and Azure (listed based on the importance) Other technical topics like Terraform, Continuous Integration and Deployments, and Serverless and Microservices. Best practices coding infrastructures or scripts. What kind of best practices and standards you have in your toolbelt. Possible solutions to common issues. Areas of growth you focus on. 
ScrapedJobID716:
assessing needs and solutions for large-scale data and model infrastructure owning the uptime and reliability of ML-related services and capabilities collaborating with the team to develop solutions using the ML platform developing supporting tooling, automation, and microservices to extend the platform continuous measurement and improvement of quality and performance/efficiency B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or related disciplines 7 years professional experience in software engineering (or  5 years if  M.S. degree) excellent collaboration and communication skills strong technical background in: software engineering of production-grade services in cloud environments, theoretical thinking, problem formulation and solving operations orientation: SLIs/SLOs, monitoring and troubleshooting, on-call rotations Scala, Python Cloud provider ML frameworks (eg, AWS Sagemaker) Application and infrastructure deployment and management with Kubernetes and Terraform Workflow management (eg, Airflow) Common ML libraries and concepts (eg, scikit-learn, tensorflow) What we do: Massive Scale: Mission: 
ScrapedJobID717:

ScrapedJobID718:
Understanding and deciding test coverage related to Regression test, Sanity test and Adhoc Testing. Creating/Modifying test-related artifacts (test cases, test report) Preparing test data and environment as needed to complete testing assignments Performing testing (functional, regression, sanity, and performance) Analyzing problems and complete detailed reports Tracking the defects into bug tracking tools Supporting development team to reproduce the bugs Providing QC Leader, Daily / weekly / On-demand report on the status of assigned tasks Ensuring that assigned tasks are executed on time and with quality Strictly following the project and organization process, policies, and regulations An Associated degree in computer Science/Information Technology 3-4 years QA working experience 2+ years of experience with Web applications Good problem-solving skills Good communication skills (English: Writing and speaking) Proactive, Self-organized and responsible Self-Training; Wanting to learn more Experience with VSTS or Other bug tracking tools Familiarity with SDLC working methodologies Experience or understanding of automation with Java Selenium Experience with SaaS Cloud web application A 15-20 mins “get to know you” interview with our HR and QA Director A one hour interview with a take home challenge presented to our QA/Product and general questions afterwards. A short 15-20 mins “get to know you” with our CEO and COO. Flexibility with working remote Company paid benefits Company RRSP matching Health spending account Great vacation and leave time Great team activities Cooperative, caring, and team-driven culture Exceptional opportunity for growth and development Snacks and lunch at the office (when we are back in the office) 
ScrapedJobID719:

ScrapedJobID720:
Build and integrate scalable, geo-distributed, microservices with a focus on performance and maintainability in a variety of languages and platforms including, but not limited to, PHP, TypeScript, AWS Lambda, Kubernetes, and more. Create and improve automated testing to ensure the long-term stability of our applications including unit tests, acceptance tests, and static analysis, all integrated with our continuous integration environment for seamless peer reviews and deployments. Collaborate with peers by performing code reviews in pull requests and staging environments, discussing implementation details for new projects in planning and refinement sessions, and improving our local development environment and tools. Continually progress in your career by working with Engineering leadership to ensure challenges and opportunities that will help you grow are put before you. PHP / PHPUnit / Codeception Angular / React / ES6 Javascript Kubernetes / Docker / Vagrant AWS - Lambda, Cloudformation, API Gateway, Route 53 TypeScript / Go / Python / Bash Jest / Cypress Fully remote with flexible hours. We’re remote to the core with processes and tools in place to help you succeed just days after joining the team. Education reimbursement. Whether it’s certifications or access to online learning portals, we want everyone to learn and grow while working at HostPapa. 
ScrapedJobID721:
Create testing-related documentation, including test plans, test cases/scripts, and bug reports assessing the quality and associated risk Work closely with the automation group to automate features for better regression coverage, automate production issues, execute scripts, and triage automation runs Develop deep expertise in the product Conduct QA tests and verify outcomes within schedules/timelines Work with software engineers, product managers, and other QA testers in an Agile team environment 2+ years of QA/Development experience Strong verbal and written communication skills Understanding of Software QA methodologies, tools and approaches (black box and/or automated testing) in a software company with short release cycles Experience in writing test cases and capable of writing basic automation scripts, covering both sanity and in-depth testing including and not limited to boundary, negative, compatibility, and concurrency tests Bachelor’s in Mathematics or Computer Science/Applications or similar field Experience in Python or other object-oriented programming language like Java Experience with Atlassian products like Jira is an advantage Experience in a SaaS environment that has an agile development process is a huge plus Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID722:
Security technology operations (IDM, Active Directory/LDAP, Pulse Secure, certificates, Siteminder, etc) Elevated account creation/configuration/maintenance Remote desktop and mass requests Group creation/maintenance Escalation point for user provisioning and role management activities IDM/AD/LDAP Support Siteminder support/deployment Participate in and be a team member for various projects Perform run and maintain activities Participate in audits and perform compliance activities Work with both internal and client teams Work with service teams to secure various technologies Ensure security of client’s environment Assist with technical security reviews of new systems, or architectures Investigate suspicious activities Participate in rotating on-call support covering off hours, weekends, and holidays Must be eligible for CDG Clearance Active Directory knowledge and experience (deployment and support, user management, administration and reporting) Identity Manager driver configuration and support, user management, report and monitoring Siteminder configuration, resource protection, single sign on and support IManager configuration and monitoring Experience with
Active Directory/LDAP technology user management, administration and reporting
various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, LDAP,TCP/IP, HTTP, …)
DMZs and securing same
Certificates, CA and SSL
Pulse Secure
Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc)
Apache, Putty, Service Snow, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass
XML/Xpath technology
SQL technology
Web servers
UNIX and Windows Server Administration
Remote Desktop Active Directory/LDAP technology user management, administration and reporting various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, LDAP,TCP/IP, HTTP, …) DMZs and securing same Certificates, CA and SSL Pulse Secure Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc) Apache, Putty, Service Snow, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass XML/Xpath technology SQL technology Web servers UNIX and Windows Server Administration Remote Desktop Security background Bilingual preferred (French and English) Resourceful, detail and solution oriented Excellent organization skills to balance and prioritize work, and multitask Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills to troubleshoot and resolve issues Excellent communication skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Degree in Cybersecurity or related field is preferred. Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience may be acceptable. Office or Remote On-Call rotation 
ScrapedJobID723:
Engineer and architect data integration and BI/DW solutions to enable business analytics and drive insights Translate business rules and requirements into data objects, produce associated data models and source to target mappings and write abstracted, reusable code components accordingly Plan/schedule tasks, lead small development teams, and mentor junior colleagues Facilitate technical meetings with client staff, and advise client with technical option analyses based on leading practices 2-3 years of experience with analysis, design, development, testing and deployment of analytics services 2-3 years implementation experience with data warehouse architectures, data vaults, dimensional models, and/or star schema designs implemented on MPP, in-memory/columnar databases, cloud-based and/or RDBMS platforms Experience writing complex SQL queries, extracting and importing disparate data from source systems, and data manipulation based on requirements Experience with Agile development methods in data-oriented projects Completed Bachelor’s Degree (or higher) in quantitative areas such as Computer Science, Information Management, Big Data & Analytics, or related field is desired You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID724:
Maintain and ensure the evolution of GSoft's data quality and data infrastructure. Design, develop, test and maintain optimized ETL processes involving a wide variety of data sources. Maintain and enhance GSoft's data architecture to create simple, reliable and efficient data models that facilitate analysis by data scientists and teams. Deploy and maintain machine learning model pipelines (ML Ops) in production. Communicate, raise awareness, inform and educate data scientists and various teams on processes, best practices and changes to our data models. Migrate our data warehouse to Azure Synapse Analytics. Optimization of data models in our data warehouses. Continuous improvement of data infrastructure. Implement standards, improve performance, and ensure the quality and integrity of our architecture and data pipelines (improve our DataOps processes). Have a few years of development experience in the data world, preferably using SQL, MongoDB/NoSQL, C#, Java, Python or similar technologies. Experience in : ETL process development in a cloud environment and/or via tools such as Azure Data Factory; data modeling and data governance; with security best practices; in the use of 3rd party APIs. Ability to monitor a data pipeline. Have a good knowledge of machine learning concepts and practices. Ability to understand business issues, transform them into technological requirements and clearly communicate the results of analyses. Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID725:
Provide direction and strategy for our IT team. Understand what the big picture is and how to get there. Own the relationship with customers across the Demonware teams and location. Understand their needs and provide an exemplary service personally and through your team. Management of goals, performance, and career advancement for direct reports. Holding reports accountable to their expected contribution for their level. Provide career direction for direct, helping them establish a personal career path and continuously develop themselves Collaborate with the department director to map out and deliver team objectives and priorities for the year based on company goals Lead a multi-location team across different time zones Oversee the running of internal company system across a hybrid of on-prem and cloud environments, primarily through Kubernetes Be hands-on working with the team to solve technical challenges and deliver projects Represent Demonware within the wider Activision Blizzard organization Help develop and foster an inclusive environment both within your team and across Demonware as a whole 4+ years of experience in similar leadership role Enjoy working in a fast-moving technology company Ability to engage, develop, and retain high-performing engineers Willingness to travel and accommodate a flexible work schedule Previous experience building and leading high-performing teams Experience working with Google Workspace, Atlassian’s suite of products, and enterprise management systems (such as Active Directory) Experience with networking and network administration Experience with project management processes an advantage Experience working in a game development environment, and managing console devkits, an advantage Excellent communication skills 
ScrapedJobID726:
Case Resolution Research, respond to and accurately resolve cases of moderate complexity, in a timely manner and in accordance with the First Responders Team standards Function as primary customer contact for all assigned support cases, meeting Guidewire’s contractual and internal goals for initial response and subsequent customer communication Provide expert solutions to customer problems to ensure customer satisfaction Write thorough and detailed case documentation to meet objectives for Case Quality and Customer Satisfaction scores Proactively take ownership and responsibility for support cases where and when required Collaborate with Application Engineers on more complex issues involving system integration and custom configurations Contribute to the development of internal tools that can be used during triage and issue restorations Escalate customer issues to the Support Manager as appropriate Participate in team projects that enhance the quality or efficiency of support Participate in after-hours and weekend support as needed Develop and maintain deep knowledge of Guidewire’s products Contribute to an environment that encourages information sharing, team-based resolution activity, cross training and an absolute focus on doing what is best for the customer Create knowledgebase articles and other informational documents to be shared with customers and teammates Play a lead role in the continued improvement of Guidewire’s operational processes Previous Knowledge Centered Service (KCS) experience a plus Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Familiarity with software development lifecycle, Agile preferred 2+ years’ experience working directly with customers or key internal stakeholders; preference for experience in customer support for a B2B software company Experience troubleshooting software code and reporting progress; preference for experience with a commercial customer incident tracking or CRM system such as Salesforce.com Experience using a software defect tracking system such as JIRA preferred Advanced exposure to broad technical skills such as Object-Oriented programming (Java, C#, or similar), relational databases (data modeling/SQL), web UI (design and development), XML, and application architecture. Knowledge of front-end web technologies (JavaScript and AngularJS) or similar Ability to read and interpret application server thread dumps, Oracle AWR reports, and other log files Outstanding troubleshooting skills; ability to think critically and display an aptitude for problem solving Ability to prioritize work effort based on a dynamic work environment Employ sound business judgment when making business decisions Use creative and innovative ways to solve problems Display a strong work ethic and do whatever it takes to get the job done Demonstrate strong follow-through and consistently keep commitments to customers and employees Display an understanding of the customer’s needs and a strong commitment to customer satisfaction Ensure that each and every customer is handled with a consummately professional attitude and the highest possible level of service Ability to read, write, and speak fluent English You will score bonus points if you can also read, write, and speak another language such as French or German You will be part of a team that works together at one of our company offices We provide 24x7 support to our customers and while the majority of our shift are Monday through Friday during daytime hours, we rotate shifts monthly so there will be some evening and weekend shifts included in order to cover after-hours production emergencies. Travel – Expect occasional travel (less than 5%) to other Guidewire offices for training and meetings You’ll be working with the best. Guidewire team members are smart, talented, team oriented, and put their hearts into their job every day. You’ll be learning something new day one, and it doesn’t stop there. You will be encouraged to continually learn and grow your technical, interpersonal, and customer skills and apply them in an agile environment. You’ll have the opportunity to solve really challenging problems for customers who love Guidewire and our products. You’ll have a stake in the company with our Long-Term Incentive programs. You’ll have a chance to develop your career within or outside of Customer & Cloud Operations. 
ScrapedJobID727:
Maintain and optimize current CI/CD pipelines Promote changes through environments Plan and lead production releases Investigate production issues and perform root cause analysis Train and guide the product team in DevOps practices Proactively monitor platform resource utilization Perform preventative maintenance Ensure the security and stability of the platform 3 – 5 years of experience in DevOps in an Azure environment using technologies such as Git, PowerShell, Azure DevOps CI/CD toolset or similar Proven experience establishing a CI/CD pipeline in a cloud environment and guiding teams in DevOps practices Experience planning and orchestrating production releases Familiarity with best practices relating to site reliability Strong attention to detail and an ability to work independently and collaboratively Proven experience and success in Azure DevOps / Portal Administration and MySQL (or similar) are important, as well as a working understanding of code and script Prior software development experience is a definite asset Experience automating infrastructure and a strong grasp of “Infrastructure as code” A College Diploma or University Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID728:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID729:
Architect, design & deliver large-scale AWS projects Adopt and communicate new concepts, ideas, techniques, best practices and technology assistance at all organizational levels, particularly senior management. Provide strategic thinking, cloud solutions and roadmaps while driving architectural recommendations Architect end-to-end cloud solutions. Define pros and cons of solution options to arrive at consensus around architecture decisions. Define strategic multi-year roadmap, cloud reference architectures and architecture standards for clients. Lead proof of concept efforts for candidate architectures. Assist in the remediation of application stability and performance. Work with product management areas to establish required cloud infrastructures and frameworks. Perform product evaluations and proof of concepts. 3+ years‘ experience with the following foundational AWS Services as it pertains to architecture and implementation: VPC (IPAM, Route Tables, VPN/Direct Connect, Transit Gateway, Security Groups, VPC Peering, ALB/ELB/NLB, etc.) IaaS Services (EC2, AMI, Snapshots, EBS, Autoscaling) Storage Services (S3, EFS, Glacier, Storage Gateway, AWS Backup) RDS Services (MySQL, Aurora, Postgres, MSSQL) Container Services (ECS, EKS, Fargate, Container Registry) Monitoring & Governance Services (CloudWatch, Config, CloudTrail, AWS Organizations) Cost Management (Cost Explorer, Budgets, Reserved Instances/Savings Plans) Knowledge of Cloud Security principles and frameworks, DevOps and Server-less Cloud Computing concepts and their integration with AWS Experience in and/or knowledge of Workload Migration Automation Tools and Infrastructure as Code (Puppet, Chef, Ansible) as it pertains to AWS One AWS Cloud certification (Professional level preferred) Knowledge and understanding of diverse platforms and operating systems, including current and emerging technologies Extensive technical skills and comprehensive knowledge and understanding of an entire line of business or infrastructure sub-domain Ability to influence teams to a future state while understanding the need to make practical decisions along the way. Excellent facilitation, discovery, analysis, and prototyping skills. Self-initiated individual who consistently delivers high quality results with limited guidance and willingly trains, guides and positively influences others. Effectively communicates to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including developers, technical leads, peer architects, delivery owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time. High motivation, self-starting, ability to work with minimal direct supervision, takes ownership. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID730:
Work with all levels of staff to ensure an optimal end user experience Develop, maintain and document support processes for the team. Field inquiries, troubleshooting requests and manage hardware, software or network problems, enter all information in Jira request Troubleshoot, recognize, and escalate more challenging problems to the appropriate teams. Drive these issues to completion. Manage and maintain IT Asset inventory and ensure endpoints are in compliance and under management. Manage maintain and administer MDM infrastructure Remotely support and maintain AV systems globally as needed. Assist in onboarding users and deploying new technologies as required. Participate in staggered schedule with teammates to ensure global IT support coverage Stay abreast of current and developing technologies and identify training to further oneself Strong familiarity with Okta, Sailpoint, JIRA, and Confluence, and firewalls is strongly preferred 5-8 years of related experience in an IT Support/ Helpdesk position Strong professional demeanor and work ethic Strong critical thinking skills and able to work independently Experience communicating on a high level to a non-technical audience Experience working closely with end users, team managers and senior leadership Experience supporting cloud/SaaS services such as G Suite Knowledge of Apple systems and software Comfortable working in fast growth environments Excellent communication & documentation skills A focus on education to empower the user base for increased productivity Ability to work with remote teams globally and possess cultural intelligence Self reliant, yet works well within a team and is directed by global presence & management Knowledge of ITIL preferred, in particular ITIL best practices Bonus pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID731:
Collaborating with cross-functional technical teams to understand and finalize product requirements and translate these into software designs Writing and reviewing detailed specifications for the development of complex system components Implementing development processes, coding best practices and conducting code reviews to ensure quality, reliability and performance in our products Operating in an Agile environment to resolve technical issues and complete bug fixes Mentoring and guiding new team members to develop their skills in software development and best practice Designing and working with complex data models to improve our Machine Learning capabilities and performance Have software engineering experience with proficiency in Python based development Have detailed experience of Agile software development methodologies using tools such as GIT, Jira, and Confluence Demonstrate experience with UNIX/Linux operating systems and cloud hosting such as AWS, Kubernetes, EKS, containers and microservices Have knowledge of Machine Learning systems Have experience of test-driven development and the ability to complete complex bug fixes Have excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to build relationships with teams and customers Enjoy collaborating with teams to deliver successful projects and to solve problems through innovation Casual dress Commuter benefits Company car Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site childcare On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing RRSP match Stock options Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Python: 5 years (preferred) GIT, Jira, and Confluence: 5 years (preferred) UNIX/Linux: 5 years (preferred) AWS, Kubernetes, EKS, containers and microservices: 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID732:
Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired into our office 
ScrapedJobID733:
Mandarin Environment - Client/Server Microsoft Visual Studio Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Java COM / COM+ / DCOM / MTS / ActiveX SQL Model-View-Controller (MVC) Criminal record check Confidential security clearance Own vehicle Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Networking software Servers Security software SQL Website creation and management software Desktop applications Cloud Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication 
ScrapedJobID734:
Awesome work-from-home policy with quarterly in-person meetings around the world Competitive salaries for quick-learners and fast-paced individuals You will have the ability to gain career experience beyond strict job requirements, with decision-making power to be the master of your own projects Resources for self-improvement including courses, software, workshops, and conferences We are committed to hiring great people from diverse backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger Develop a comprehensive test automation solution for our EcoRail product Design and build automated test suites and test scripts to validate the quality of Rail Vision products Collaborate with the Development Team to enhance the Development Methodology to insure the delivery of high quality products, Work with Developers to develop automated tests which validate development deliveries. Evaluate and recommend selection of QA methodologies, processes, automation and testing tools Drive continuous product development and contribute to direction of technological development Maintain a high-level of communication between managers and development team Conduct formal presentations to other team members, managers, and in public Contribute to various aspects of a growing company Be an ambassador of technological advancement and revolutionized transportation Grow personal connections to the industry to understand trends and opportunities 1-2 years of relevant work experience Hands-on experience developing and deploying ML models, data pipelines, and running experiments to validate your models Deep understanding of predictive modeling, machine-learning, clustering and classification techniques, and common CS algorithms Strong working knowledge of statistical techniques (distributions, regressions, error bounds, etc.) Experience with git version control, docker, agile methodology, MS 365, and other common software tools Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (MSc. preferred) (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry Python including data processing modules NumPy, Pandas, SciPy Python Machine Learning modules such as Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch SQL (MySQL and Postgres) TimeSeries database (InfluxDB) Cloud computing specifically AWS (VPC, S3, Aurora, RDS, EC2, Step Functions, Lambda, SageMaker) APIs: REST, GraphQL Data Formats: CSV, JSON, XML Development tools: PyCharm, Docker, GIT, Jira, Confluence Agile Development (Kanban, SCRUM) Driven, self-motivated, and detail-focused individuals Clear and concise communicators Passion for career growth and continuous learning Organized in work habits, schedules, timelines, documentation and correspondence Remote work with quarterly in-person meetings (location is voted on every quater) Incentives offered such as Employee Stock Options and yearly bonuses 
ScrapedJobID735:
Participate in code reviews, design work and troubleshooting across business functions, multiple teams and product groups to help communicate, document and address infrastructure issues. Look for innovative ways to improve observability, monitoring of large scale systems over a variety of technologies across the Numerator organization. Participate in the creation of training material, helping teams embrace a culture of DevOps with self-healing and self-service ecosystems. This includes discovery, testing and integration of third party solutions in product roadmaps. Build internal-facing tools that demonstrate performance and operational effectiveness to improve training, adoption and understanding of common Software Development and DevOps challenges. Lead by example and evangelize DevOps best practices within the team and within the organization and product teams in Numerator. 2+ years of experience in cloud-based systems, in a SRE or DevOps position A passion for well architectured software and good understanding of software development practices specifically around reliability, availability and performance engineering. Availability to participate in after-hours on-call support with your fellow engineers and help improve a team’s on-call process where necessary. Strong analytical and problem solving mindset combined with experience of troubleshooting large-scale systems. Working knowledge of networking, operating systems and packaging/build systems ie. AWS Linux, Ubuntu, PIP and NPM, Terraform, Ansible etc. Working knowledge of Serverless and Kubernetes based environments in AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Competence in using scripting languages such as *nix commands, jq, sed, awk and make, No-SQL/SQL languages. Ability to manage multiple projects and systems across different teams and raise technical issues proactively within the organization. Experience in managing highly redundant data stores, file systems and services both in the cloud and on-premise including both data transfer, redundancy and cost-management. Ability to quickly stand up AWS or other cloud-based platform services in isolation or within product environments to test out a variety of solutions or concepts before developing production-ready solutions with the product teams. You can mentor and help junior team members grow as well as build trusted relationships within the team and across the organization. Ability to take on projects and drive them to conclusion while keeping the stakeholders up to date on progress or roadblocks. Capacity to create clear and concise documentation for many audiences including fellow team members, end-users and developers. BSci, MSci or PhD in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Previous experience working in a geographically distributed team. Experience in an Agile development environment. Experience in Machine Learning pipelines and data transformation (ETL). Experience in CICD and Monitoring software such as Prometheus, Sumologic, Datadog, Coralogix, Snowflake/Panther, Nagios, Jenkins, Splunk etc. Startup or CPG industry experience. Experience as a Software Developer or Software Development Mentor. More data than you could imagine to play with! Data that matters and that is shaping the impact of billion dollar brands. Brilliant, motivated and passionate colleagues with whom to spend your time. An inclusive and collaborative company culture- we work in an open environment while working together to get things done, and adapt to the changing needs as they come. Market competitive total compensation package. Volunteer time off and charitable donation matching. Regular hackathons to build your own projects and work with people across the entire company Strong support for career growth, including mentorship programs, leadership training, access to conferences and employee resource groups. Great benefits package including health/vision/dental, exceptional maternity leave coverage, unlimited PTO, flexible schedule, 401K/RRSPs matching and much more. 
ScrapedJobID736:
Design, install, configure, test and maintain operating systems, application software and system management tools Create and maintain systems configuration leveraging industry standard configuration management tools and processes Translate business requirements into technical solutions utilizing best practices and standards that meet the strategic business goals Develop scripts for programmatic solutions to complex systems tasks Identify system resource bottlenecks and work with other teams to test and tune systems for optimal performance Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability Create, maintain and enforce systems standards Create and maintain procedural and technical documentation Provide 2nd and 3rd level systems support Provide rotational on-call support outside of regular business hours Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution Identify and recommend emerging technologies as they relate to team objectives Demonstrates strong organizational and priority setting skills Be a thought Leader who is capable of initiating and driving change A college diploma or university degree or relevant job experience in computer science or engineering 5-7 years of progressive experience in system administration in a distributed Linux and Windows environment Deep Solaris knowledge (including LDOM running on SPARC) Deep Linux operating system knowledge (RedHat Linux preferred) Experience in platform modernization or transformation of legacy technologies Experience utilizing open-source monitoring technologies (eg: Grafana, Graphite, Nagios) Experience with configuration management systems (eg: Ansible) Experience with OS deployment systems (Satellite) Excellent scripting skills (Perl/Python & Powershell/WinRM) Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with virtualization (VMWare) Private cloud experience (OpenStack) Container platforms and orchestration (OpenSHIFT) Public cloud infrastructure experience, ideally AWS 
ScrapedJobID737:
Implement a cloud-based medical imaging archive system Work with customers and their vendors to integrate existing systems with the cloud-based medical imaging archive and to validate the functionality of all systems, workflows, and imaging data access methods For on-premise PACS, perform software installation, system configuration, quality test, packing, and documentation according to EI defined processes Prepare, test, and/or upgrade EI products/solutions and system databases Responsible for all parts issued for builds which include counting, recording, exchange, replacement, report shortages, and filing RMA reports Troubleshoot complex issues on production and test systems. Perform Final Quality Assurance for finished systems as assigned in accordance to EI quality system Onsite Travel. Implementing and supporting EI solutions, including customer training Liaison with internal teams, including R&D, Support, Systems Engineering, Production, and Sales as required to deliver on customer requests Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, computer technology diploma or equivalent or 2 years of related experience in lieu 2+ years of IT experience building and configuring systems as well as supporting both internal and external customers Microsoft OS-level support. Knowledge of Windows servers, databases, networking, and enterprise-class information systems Radiology workflow and PACS experience Understanding of HL7 and DICOM 
ScrapedJobID738:
Collaborate with teams to conceive, design, and bring to market innovative customer experiences Meet programming standards by following production, productivity, quality and customer-service standards Maintain, update and support existing software features and solutions Troubleshoot and solve problems related to our mission critical services and provide solutions to proactively prevent problems from happening Proactively participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge Develop and maintain software required for improving the functionality and reliability of our services Maintain the backend system infrastructure to support highly scalable and diverse data types and data storage Develop and maintain data pipelines for daily processes, and data collection to ensure optimal data flow between different systems and environments Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical discipline with 3+ years of professional software development experience Knowledge of Agile/Scrum processes and experience participating in an agile team Sharp analytical abilities, proven skills and a track record of success Knowledge of professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, build processes, testing and operations Strong skillset with Python and common libraries (ex.: Pandas) Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, software designs, and cloud computing Experience with databases, such as SQL Effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Proven ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously Cloud computing experience, specially with AWS (AWS Lambda, DynamoDB, SQS, Kinesis, S3) SQL, NoSQL, DataLake, and Data Warehouse skillset Understanding and employment of cloud reference architectures Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java or C++. Experience in using CI/CD techniques and setup pipelines. An opportunity to work in a growing company pioneering the agricultural tech industry Competitive salary, benefits, and a very accommodative vacation policy An environment where you can learn and grow your talent to its fullest potential Join a team of talented individuals who are passionate about food and making a better future 
ScrapedJobID739:
Provides technical support for national capital program development and formulation of national strategies to meet operational needs Develops plans to meet project or site-specific requirements Prepares detailed plans, system designs, and specifications for the provision and implementation of electronic systems to meet operational, technical and safety requirements Manages large multi-disciplined projects with dollar values usually less than $500K, but occasionally in the $500K to $1M range Provides prompt assistance when requested to investigate technical problems with in-service operational systems Actively promotes a Safety and Quality culture within the Specialty which ultimately will be reflected in the quality of the finished product delivered to the client group Investigates and evaluates recent advances in RPAS traffic Management to develop new solutions for unresolved problems Keep up to date on research in the RTM industry including advances in ICAO, Standards bodies and contribute to international working groups to ensure the Canadian context is considered Graduation with a minimum of a bachelor’s degree from a recognized university in electrical, electronics, communications or computer engineering, or certification as a Professional Engineer in Canada or an equivalent combination of education and experience Certification or eligibility for certification as a Professional Engineer in Canada 6 years progressive experience on complex engineering projects, with 3 years in a senior role Experience working in high efficacy software development, including the application of safety management systems (SMS) and Quality Management. Experience in a collaborative environment working with cross-functional teams Prior ANSP/Aviation experience is an Asset A strong knowledge of Professional engineering standards and practice, theory and principles of engineering science and of the practices in specialized field of engineering Knowledge of system development including software development, software integration and system testing. A thorough knowledge and demonstrated skills in project management methodologies, techniques and disciplines for large projects Knowledge of cloud platform development would be an asset. Knowledge of mobile app development on IOS and Android would be an asset Knowledge of RPAS (drone management) requirements and regulatory environment is a asset.
Abilities Ability to write technical specifications, standards, statements of work and general engineering documents. Ability to work under pressure, prioritize and manage multiple priorities with tight or conflicting deadlines in an environment of multiple priorities. Ability to research potential development solutions and best practices and learn new technologies, domains, and tools quickly. Ability to analyse and synthesize technical information, interpret the results of studies, develop strategies, and provide recommendations to a technical and non-technical audience. Creative, and innovative approach to solving problems Communicate effectively with cross functional teams internally and externally Proficiency in teamwork and team management Mentor and coach team members including students Collaborative and highly organized and work effectively in a multidisciplinary team and able to build and maintain strong strategic relationships Initiative and positive forward-thinking attitude 
ScrapedJobID740:
Partnering with the Product Infrastructure Engineering teams on security and privacy initiatives, leading security design reviews, and threat modeling. Collaborating with other Security and Engineering teams to improve visibility of cloud resources. Performing assessments of cloud infrastructure supporting our product offerings and partner apps, including SaaS and PaaS. Researching new attack vectors and techniques relevant to our space and present findings to both internal and external audiences. Researching known vulnerabilities and collaborate with engineers on the best ways to mitigate and reduce risk. Participating in our incident response and vulnerability remediation efforts. Evaluating external tooling, develop new automation and tooling. Partnering with Product Infrastructure Engineering on evolving the CI/CD pipeline to meet modern security threats and risks. Developing secure baselines and standards for cloud based infrastructure and train engineering teams on their usage. Helping to rapidly scale our team. As a member of the security team, you'll be an integral part of how we mature our own tooling, best practices, engineering processes, and hiring. 5-10+ years in a security engineering role with experience in cloud security reviews and ideally threat modeling experience Strong communicator with the ability to translate technical security requirements and risks into terms that anyone can understand In-depth knowledge of AWS cloud infrastructure, docker and it’s associated security suites (e.g., IAM, GuardDuty, Inspector, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, etc.) Terraform and/or CloudFormation experience Relevant development experience in at least one scripting language, preferably Python Experience with vulnerability management and risk assessment processes Technical leadership skills; you enjoy being a tech lead, mentoring technologists, evangelizing security and privacy Comfortable with complexity in the short term but can build towards simplicity in the long term Admit mistakes and shortcomings Deliver results Disagree and commit Obsess over customers Rely on work ethic Show empathy Recruit and develop the best Sweat the details Think and communicate clearly Unite around the mission Work with a talented yet humble team Competitive compensation & equity package Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats 401k, Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US Employees Only) Monthly health & wellness stipend Yearly educational stipend Flexible & Generous Vacation Policy: If you feel you need a break, you can talk directly with your manager to find coverage and support while you are out of the office. Need time off to vote? We've got you covered. Quarterly company-wide mental health days off Holiday Shut-down: company-wide holiday shut-down between Christmas Eve and New Years Major US and EMEA holidays observed To support remote work conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000(USD) upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment. 
ScrapedJobID741:
Act as the lead engineer in Cloud Delivery aspects Being the gatekeeper for transition of new released products and capabilities from Product teams to be used by the delivery team Setting delivery standards, processes and policies to ensure executional excellence on cloud delivery Standardizing tools, methods and systems to enable efficiency, best-practice sharing and effectiveness in cloud delivery portfolios and projects Working closely with virtual teams, KPMG DevOps teams, Operations teams to ensure approved delivery standards, tools, processes and policies are used by each team. Monitoring mis-usage or exceptions and working closely with other teams to ensure standards are followed. Staying abreast of industry trends and best practices, conduct research, tests, and execute new techniques which could be reused and applied to the DevOps projects Participating as the Lead Engineer in project requirements gathering workshops with intake, advisory and product teams when needed Planning and leading the execution of large-scale migrations of systems from private infrastructure to public cloud platforms Building scalable enterprise solutions using Azure offerings Designing Azure foundational elements like VM’s, VNET, Blob storage, instances, functions, networking etc. Commissioning PaaS services like Azure App Service, SQL Database, Application gateway, Azure Identity Management, IOT etc. Providing technical administrative and configuration support for Microsoft Azure platform Ensuring the build of secure environments running in Azure using KPMG security and compliancy standards and making sure engineer team follows the standards Working with project managers making sure correct people are assigned to correct tasks Tracking flexible engineering resource capacity and skills Working with vendors to upscale and/or downscale capacities on a timely and efficient manner Working with vendors for continuous training and certification of resources Hands-on and extensive experience with cloud environments like Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud platform Excellent knowledge and extensive experience of automation for Azure solution architecture, best practices, IaaS, PaaS and SaaS services Excellent knowledge and extensive experience in Cloud infrastructure/services and delivery models, storage concepts, networking basics, etc. Excellent knowledge and extensive experience of commonly used Azure PaaS Services (SQL PaaS, Azure Functions, Web Jobs, Bots, Redis, Service Bus, Cosmos etc.) Experienced with multiple programming languages such as PowerShell, SP.NET, Python, Shell scripting, Terraform, JSON, XML or similar scripting language Experienced with Cloud Automation concept and best practices, automation tools and cloud development Strong Hands-on experience working on CICD pipeline on Cloud management platforms Knowledge and experience of reporting tools (Power BI, Excel) Excellent presentation, documentation and communication skills. Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in a relevant field of study: Computer Science, Management Information Systems, etc., or equivalent experience. The following certifications are a plus: AZ-300/AZ 303 Microsoft Azure Architect Technologies, AZ-301/AZ 304 Microsoft Azure Architect Design, AZ 400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions Agile/Scrum certification is a plus 5+ years of experience in IT services 3+ years of experience in Cloud Technologies (preferably on Microsoft Azure) 3+ years of experience in DevOps Ability to lead people/teams in multiple projects by building rapport and relationships, particularly leading and working with virtual teams that are geographically dispersed 
ScrapedJobID742:
Design and develop a scalable secure cloud service application Ability to code to implement essential security measures Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve system security, stability, reliability, and performance Collaborate with co-worker to translate features and requirements to technical design Develop and maintain secure application deployment patterns on the cloud; review application solution designs for cloud-fit and optimality 1+ year of experience with AWS Minimum 2 years of experience of Front-end development. (Preferred React) Excellent written and oral communication skills is required Ability to work effectively with customers and co-workers Any AWS certification is an asset Statutory vacation Holiday Pay Health benefits 
ScrapedJobID743:
Build world-class web applications that deliver an intuitive and beautiful user experience Provide insight and technical leadership on web development trends and methodologies Collaborate with UX team to help build prototypes and align our products with our UX vision Own major features from requirements definition through design, coding, testing, deployment and support Work as an integral member of a self-directed Agile development team employing a Scrum-based methodology Continuous improvement is part of our DNA, you are encouraged to find new ways to do things that will continuously improve daily work Opportunity to interface with customers as part of trials or production support 3+ years of experience in Software development 2+ years of experience in designing and developing back end services in Java 2+ years in front end development using JavaScript 1+ years of development using React/Redux Excellent knowledge of front-end technologies and platforms such as HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript (ES6+) plus experience with NodeJS Solid knowledge and experience with relational databases (columnar preferred) Working knowledge of Linux system configuration and administration Understanding of user experience design concepts Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Self-motivated with a passion for designing user-centric products Quick learner with ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills Knowledge and passion for building systems with reliable and scalable backend infrastructure Experience in Kubernetes is a plus Experience in one or more: Go, C/C++, Python, Scala is a definite asset Experience in design and development of software products that run on public and private cloud platforms (OpenStack, AWS, Azure, GCP) is a plus Experience in MicroStrategy (report and dashboard design) is a plus Competitive compensation plan Flexible working hours – in some roles work from home Employee development including training programs and mentorship Career development and advancement opportunities International travel opportunities - we are a global company. The Sandvine Global Talent Acquisition Team 
ScrapedJobID744:
Our Commitment to Applicants Culture and Values at Zapier Zapier Guide to Remote Work Zapier Code of Conduct Diversity and Inclusivity at Zapier Develop new methods for retaining task history Migrate applications and services from EC2 to Kubernetes Write custom Kubernetes controllers to improve resilience Create deployment pipelines in GitLab and ArgoCD Develop autoscaling strategies to handle bursts in workloads Implement OPA to enforce policies across our Kubernetes Clusters Deploy ProxySQL for pooling connections against MySQL databases Competitive salary (we don't use remote as an excuse to pay less) Great healthcare + dental + vision coverage* Retirement plan with 4% company match* Profit sharing 2 annual company retreats to awesome places 14 weeks paid leave for new parents of biological or adopted children Pick your own equipment. We'll set you up with whatever Apple laptop + monitor combo you want plus any software you need. Unlimited vacation policy. Plus we require you to take at least 2 weeks off each year. We see most employees take 4-5 weeks off per year. This isn't a vague policy where unlimited vacation means no vacation. Work with awesome companies around the world. We partner with great software companies all over the world and you'll constantly get to interact with people from these great companies While we take care of our international folks as best we can, currently, healthcare and retirement plans are only available to UK, Canada, and US-based employees. 
ScrapedJobID745:
Collaborate proactively with a distributed team Write high quality code to create new features Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them Review code produced by other engineers Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events Become involved in the planning of new Ubuntu features, both new ideas in your areas of interest and advising on work being done elsewhere Assist in the maintenance of Ubuntu Server packages. Specifically but not limited to: Traditional server workloads (web servers, databases, network services, etc) Virtualisation Containers Package management Booting and early userspace Language runtimes Collaborate with other teams in the Ubuntu and Debian communities, with upstream projects, and commercially supported customers Collaborate and work with our partners to make Ubuntu the best experience in the cloud You love technology and working with brilliant people You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated You have a Bachelor's or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree You have interest and experience with two or more of the following: Ubuntu Linux - kernel or userspace, Kubernetes, OpenStack, Ceph, AI/ML, QEMU/KVM, LXC/LXD, Python, Go, C, Postgresql, Mongo, Debian packaging, scalable web services Involvement in open source projects in the past a plus 
ScrapedJobID746:
Design and implement collection system that is extremely high-volume, fault-tolerant, scalable backend systems that process and manage petabytes of customer data. Analyze and improve on the congestion control algorithms designed to elastically manage spikes in customer data. Analyze and improve the efficiency, scalability, and reliability of our backend systems. Write robust code; demonstrate its robustness through automated tests. Work as a member of a team, helping the team respond quickly and effectively to business needs. BS in Computer Sciences or a related discipline (MSc, or PhD is a plus). Minimum of 5+ years of experience deploying production level code, with a proven track record of ownership and delivery. Experience developing scalable distributed data processing solutions. Experience in multi-threaded programming. Experience in running large scalable distributed services following a microservice architecture. Hands-on object-oriented (Java or Scala) programming experience. Interest in developing elegant frameworks for other developers. Excellent verbal and written communication. What we do: Massive Scale: Mission: 
ScrapedJobID747:
Document, design and develop modern scheduled compute clusters Scale the clusters, on-demand in a highly available manner Factor in disaster recovery into all designs Utilize Infrastructure as Code (IaC) for your infrastructure changes Help maintain our existing hybrid infrastructure solutions Monitor and support systems running in production Mentor other engineers on how to use our services Work in a highly collaborative team Take part in a shared on-call rotation 8+ years of relevant professional experience Experience with AWS technologies and ecosystem Competent in shell scripting and high-level programming languages An understanding of one or more scheduled compute clusters: Kubernetes, Fargate, AWS ECS, Docker Swarm Understanding of Linux internals (we favor Ubuntu) Strong understanding of Docker Infrastructure as Code (IaC) systems such as: Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt Exposure to security constructs such as: SSL/TLS, Secrets Manager, Vault, ACM Experience documenting systems A background in test driven development Experience of Git and JIRA Object oriented programming Observability tools such as: Splunk, NewRelic, DataDog, CloudWatch, CloudTrail Networking protocols (DNS, HTTPs, etc 
ScrapedJobID748:
Enthusiastic about great design Be a considerate, helpful contributor Professional experience building great software for Apple’s native platforms Experience communicating with customers, collaborating with technical/design teams, and senior management to define requirements and describe product features A passion for driving modern software engineering practices If you believe you have relevant transferable skills not listed on this posting, please share that information via a Cover Letter. 
ScrapedJobID749:
Plan manage, monitor and maintain our GCP platforms and supporting services Support client initiatives and service requests Implement and improve capacity and performance of the platform environments Continually improving the workflow fluency of the platform to drive operational excellence Lead customer communications when dealing with highly sensitive issues Drive operational improvements by analyzing both metrics and customer feedback Participate in cross-functional teams to deliver world-class products and support to clients Stay at the cutting edge of tech-enabled cloud, turning it into our competitive advantage You practice a growth mindset – genuine desire and motivation to learn and develop yourself. You embrace challenges, and persist in face of setbacks. You consider failure an opportunity You love new technology and have an intense curiosity to learn everything about cloud. You love customers, and are obsessed with them - a genuine desire to help You possess strong communication skills, ability to work in a team environment You are driven by your values and look to inspire others through your actions Patience and ability to explain technical matters in simple terms Empathy and understanding of how to best meet a client’s needs. Ability to train and educate people on our solutions, platforms and software services. Approachability, a personable vibe and an air of authenticity. Ambition and humility in equal measure feeding a passion to show why good is never good enough and great better. Proven applied experience in problem-solving technology Professional competence in Google office tools and SaaS integrations A smart and proven understanding of Google Cloud technology Management administration of cloud infrastructure and platform services Integration and scripting skills to optimize and automate workflow practices Your fit with our culture, adaptability, and stamina for learning is important to us. As is the experiences you have gained from the number of years you’ve worked and the level of education you have obtained in technology adoption, professional and academic. Good technical training and practice in the areas described above An ability to demonstrate how you have and continue to evolve your tech learning Projects and assignments you have completed show your best skill base Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID750:
Support a 24/7/365 Security Operations Center and monitor security tools Perform onboarding of new clients to the XDR SIEM platform, ensuring that all the necessary log sources are being monitored. Assist customers in implementing sound and secure logging practices, deployment of agents and sensors Continuously improve clients' data sets through the integration and tuning of the data, care and feeding of feeds, and use case implementation Set up vulnerability management and ensure the client perimeter is being scanned Leverage advanced knowledge of security operations, cyber security tools, intrusion detection, and secured networks to integrate with the SIEM platform Partner with cross-functional technical teams to share expertise, research threats, and implement solutions Test emerging technologies in a lab environment Stay current with Security technologies and make recommendations for use based on business value SIEM administration, configuration, and optimization experience with platforms such as Alien Vault, IBM QRadar, Splunk, Microsoft Sentinel Familiarity with firewalls from vendors such as Cisco, Palo Alto, Fortinet and Watchguard Knowledge of various security frameworks/protocols such as Federation/SSO, IDS, IPS, VPN, SSH, PKI, SAML, TLS, etc Proficient with IP protocols (IPv4, IPv6, TCP/UDP/ICMP) DNS/DHCP and ability to troubleshoot network connectivity Experience configuring, integrating, and monitoring endpoint protection solutions such as Cylance, Carbon Black, or CrowdStrike Experience and knowledge of public cloud environments, specifically Azure and AWS as well as familiarity with Elasticsearch Knowledge of regular expressions and data normalization Linux command line experience Understanding and experience with vulnerability management tools such as Tenable Nessus, Rapid 7 or Qualys Familiarity with service management software such as ServiceNow Familiarity with data visualization platforms such as Domo or Kibana Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment with a high level of analytical and problem-solving abilities Positive attitude with strong oral and written communication skills Ability to anticipate and respond to changing priorities and operate effectively in a dynamic demand-based environment requiring flexibility and responsiveness to client matters and needs BS/BA in Information Security, Computer Science or related engineering discipline, preferred 3+ years' experience in technology (security, networking, systems, etc.) Prior experience working in a SOC, preferred Financial services, healthcare and/or state and local government industry experience is a plus Managed security service provider (MSSP) experience is a plus GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA) GIAC Network Forensic Analyst (GNFA) Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) CompTIA Security+ Comprehensive benefits package with immediate coverage including health, vision, dental, disability, life insurance, and more 20 days vacation 10 paid holidays 10 sick days 32 hours of paid volunteer time-off 3 floating holidays Financial support including a competitive salary, pension, COVID allowance, and more Commuter benefits within qualifying locations Social events Agio Swag And more! 
ScrapedJobID751:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID752:
You are eager to work with leading edge technologies to incorporate complex network solutions, as well as work with other technology teams to contribute to an overall solution. You thrive on being hands-on during mid to complex project deployments into production. This will include the support of assigned systems by acting as an internal consultant on assigned infrastructure and providing suggestions for viable solutions to systems problems of high complexity. You want to be challenged with complex problem solving in time sensitive situations to reduce system downtime and customer impact. You understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions. You are highly interested in software-defined Data Centre technologies like Cisco ACI and VMWare NSX and want to help drive the road-map and adoption within a large-scale enterprise network. You are interested in getting in on the Cloud floor as the team gets more hands on with the network in the Public Cloud, including environments like Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Microsoft Azure and IBM SoftLayer. You have 10+ years of hands-on technical working experience in supporting, deploying and interconnecting various network technologies at an enterprise scale. You have 10+ years of hands-on technical working experience with various Cisco, Fortinet, F5, Infoblox at an enterprise level capacity:
Cisco Routing and Switching (Arista nice to have)
Nexus N9K/N7K/N5K/N2K Solutions
Cisco ISR and ASR Routers
Catalyst N9K
Cisco Security/VPN
ASA/FTD Firewalls
Cisco FMC
Fortinet
FortiGate Firewalls
Forti Manager/Collector/Analyzer
F5 LTM/GTM
Infoblox DNS/DHCP and IPAM Cisco Routing and Switching (Arista nice to have)
Nexus N9K/N7K/N5K/N2K Solutions
Cisco ISR and ASR Routers
Catalyst N9K Nexus N9K/N7K/N5K/N2K Solutions Cisco ISR and ASR Routers Catalyst N9K Cisco Security/VPN
ASA/FTD Firewalls
Cisco FMC ASA/FTD Firewalls Cisco FMC Fortinet
FortiGate Firewalls
Forti Manager/Collector/Analyzer FortiGate Firewalls Forti Manager/Collector/Analyzer F5 LTM/GTM Infoblox DNS/DHCP and IPAM You have hands on technical working experience with Cisco ACI, VMWare NSX or similar software defined technologies. You have 2+ years of hands-on technical working experience with various Public Cloud (Azure & GCP preferred) environments, in a network related capacity. You have 3+ years of hands-on technical working experience with Wired and Wireless 802.1x Network Authentication using Cisco ISE. You have 2+ years of hands-on experience in network automation with some of the below skill sets: Python experience Familiar with some of the following libraries (flask-restful, flask blueprint, netmiko/paramiko/napalm, requests, regular expressions and json/yaml) Familiar with object-oriented python programming (rest api endpoint, api authentication protection, async programming, multi-threading) Familiar with GIT protocol (Bitbucket server, Git branching model, etc… You possess superior problem solving and decision-making skills to resolve work issues with the ability to work under pressure in a dynamic environment. You have strong communication (verbal/written) and good interpersonal skills to build relationships with internal and external business partners and vendors. You possess a strong core foundation experience in fundamental network technologies and protocols. Post-secondary education in Computer Science, Networking Technology or related field. While our focus is on finding someone to strengthen our team’s technical bench on cloud and software defined data centre technologies, we’re part of a global team with a mandate covering the entire network. As a team we can explore and work with an extensive variety of network technologies. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We care about our people, allowing them to design how they work to deliver amazing results. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID753:
Program mostly in Golang, learning from and contributing to a team committed to continually improving their skills. Build and architect distributed systems for service connectivity across heterogeneous environments (Kubernetes, VMs, bare metal datacenter, or edge deployments). Interface directly with internal teams, users and HashiCorp customers, as well as the larger Consul community. Participate in discussions with product managers, designers and customers to better understand the network topologies, challenges, and constraints for which operators are trying to solve, and leverage those insights when approaching feature design and implementation. Propose new functionality or substantive changes through written documents in an async process, describing the problem background, proposed implementation and example UX, then iterating on peer feedback collaboratively. Own the full lifecycle of feature development from design through testing, release and support. Experience in a lower-level language like Go. Familiarity with service-oriented architectures, and ideally have worked on an infrastructure or platform team building internal tooling to deploy, connect and monitor them. Familiarity with Kubernetes or an interest in learning: our implementation leverages the Gateway API Familiarity with networking and security concepts like TCP, UDP, TLS, Certificate Management etc. Collaborate with peer engineers in discussions around performance, user experience, security and other constraints when designing complex systems. Introductory Call with someone from our recruiting team. First Interview with an Engineering Manager Interview Loop with additional team members, with the following panel: Technical Code Pairing interview Code Review interview Communication and Collaboration interview Systems and architecture interview If applicable, a final conversation with the Engineering Manager for the team you would be joining Offer 
ScrapedJobID754:
Datacenter network operation Cloud network operations Physical server maintenance and deployment Cloud server deployment and maintenance Software deployment Software operations automation Research and Development of current and new products Must have minimum 1-2 years full-time experience in IT support or system administration Must have deep understanding of complex networks Advanced knowledge DNS and IP routing principals Have an understanding and experience working with Linux based servers and workstations Great communication skills and confidence in the field Advanced ability to work in all Linux environments Strong ability to acquire new knowledge/research and learn new technologies Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and tools Experience with systems and IT operations Comfort with with frequent, incremental code testing and deployment Strong grasp of automation tools Data management skills A strong focus on business outcomes Comfort with collaboration, open communication and reaching cross functional borders Client communications and support IT Purchasing Cost-analysis experience 
ScrapedJobID755:
Total Years of Technical Experience: 10+ Position Specific Experience: 4+ Mentorship/Leads by Example Experience: 4+ Project/ Client Engagement/ Customer Facing Experience: 4+ Maintaining and troubleshooting complex routing and switching environments Maintaining and troubleshooting Networking aspects of Cloud Computer environments like Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud Network Technology SME Maintaining and troubleshooting Load Balancer and Web Application Firewall (WAF) Advanced Firewall support experience Experience with Cisco ASR9000, ASR920, Nexus 9000, 7000, 5000 and 2000 platforms Able to reverse-engineer customer networks to resolve issues with limited documentation. Advanced knowledge in authentication technologies such as LDAP, RADIUS, TACACS Technical leadership Verbal Communication: Advanced Written Communication: Advanced Customer Service: Advanced Presentation Communication: Advanced Analytical/Problem Solving: Advanced Mentoring: Advanced Influence/Persuasion/Forward Thinking: Advanced Executive Level Presence: Intermediate Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience is required ITIL, CCNP Route/Switch + Additional CCNA or alternate vendor equivalent Microsoft Certified: Azure Network Engineer Associate or 2+ years demonstrated experience with Azure 
ScrapedJobID756:
Support our sales team during the customer trial process: demos, presentations, solution tailoring by ingesting customers data and working on it with SQL Manage communications between the customer and various internal Altinity Teams Manage and prioritize multiple paralel sales engagements with touch points in Engineering, Security and Legal. Engage new and existing accounts to identify and build relationships with decision makers. Ensure 100% customer satisfaction across assigned set of accounts (no less than 40). Prioritize customer needs and coordinate with support, product, and engineering teams to help customers be successful with ClickHouse and our Managed Database offering (Altinity.Cloud). Create technical documentation for DevOps, implementations, and services engagements 5+ years experience in Database engineer / systems architect / sales engineer roles working for companies in SaaS, Open Source or Enterprise Software. Solid understanding of cloud computing trends and open source business models. Successful customer-facing technical sales experience Experience in managing B2B relations with a track record of steadily increasing responsibility in sales or customer growth Strong technical knowledge, understanding and passion for Databases, SQL and high-tech Hands-on experience with DevOps tools Familiar with programming languages. Strong analytical, numerical and presentation skills Ability to perform market and relevant technical research Ability to develop and use solution-based, consultative sales techniques Experience in leading a discussion with a group of Product Managers, Engineers, and Executives Enthusiasm for working in a high profile, fast-paced startup culture. Ready to travel for business when necessary Minimum Bachelor’s degree in business, computer science or related field Work from Anywhere, Anytime: We are not your typical nine-to-five shop! Enjoy the flexibility of working from literally wherever and whenever. Create a schedule that works for you and your family or lifestyle. Recharge your batteries with our open vacation policies Cultural Diversity: We love that we get to work with passionate people from around the world. Currently, our team is made of professionals from 12 different countries! Career Development: We provide opportunities to learn new technologies as well as try out new roles. We also offer access to training on leading-edge technologies, plus flexible work schedules for external education. USA Employees Benefits: We offer comprehensive PPO health care plans for our US-based employees that are incredibly flexible to meet the needs of individuals or families. 401K with company match also available. Company Travel: We come together in person two to three times per year in locations across the globe. During non-pandemic times, of course! We also fund travel to conferences and encourage presentations as well as contributions in open source communities. Monday to Friday Do you have LinkedIn and GitHub profiles? Please, share the links if you do technical sales engineer: 3 years (preferred) DevOps: 1 year (preferred) SQL: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID757:

ScrapedJobID758:
You have a “CAN DO” attitude. You are an out-of-the box thinker. You THRIVE at solving problems and enjoy a good challenge. Team Player with EXCELLENT interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal). Strong work ethic with a POSITIVE attitude and a PASSION for Quality Assurance. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent time management skills. Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook). 3-5 years of software testing experience, ideally with cloud-based SaaS solutions. Strong automated test development experience with Cypress, TestCafe or other Automation software. Ability to create, update and review test documentation. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Experience with frontend (web, iOS, and Android), backend and API testing and related test tools. Ability to create tests, plan and coordinate load and system integration tests. Interest and ability to learn new tools. Bachelor of Science Degree or higher education (Computer Science or related field is an asset). Candidates must undergo a criminal records check upon hire; Be a Canadian Citizen (dual citizens included), or eligible to work in Canada; Be willing to comply with Solink’s own security policies and standards. Proactively drive all testing activities. Collaborate closely with other Team and cross-functional departments. Plan, estimate, prepare and execute Test Cases and Test Scripts to ensure the quality deliverables. Write and maintain automated tests to support regression and health check testing. Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Backend database testing in different environments. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results. Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements. Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify defect fixes. Manage QA risks and mitigation plans. Become an expert user of our SaaS platform, from the perspectives of customer end-users (using web, iOS, and Android applications), installers (using on-premise device interfaces) and platform administrators (using our web management application). Design, document, and execute new feature and regression test plans and cases. Participate with the development team and product management to understand upcoming new features and create new test cases. Design and perform brain engaged testing, thinking out of the box, doing the unpredictable. Continuously improve processes. Flexibility in your chosen hours of work by helping you get "stuff" done (encourages that work life balance); Opportunities for growth based on merit, skill, and initiative; Friendly, welcoming and team-oriented atmosphere that fosters collaboration; Creative and innovative environment that mentors, supports, motivates and inspires you to make an impact; Interesting and exciting assignments ranging in size, type and complexity; An “open-door” policy where communication and brainstorming is encouraged; A really positive and fun environment working with an incredibly ENERGETIC team; Competitive salary reviewed annually; Fully paid Health / dental benefits offered immediately (an additional $500 spending account for items that aren’t covered in our AMAZING benefits program); Monthly reimbursement toward a health and wellness; Extracurricular SOLINKIAN social events (annual “solink-o de mayo”, so-learns, sports teams, so-lunches, team builders, and much more) Please note: While we are currently operating remotely during the pandemic, in future, we may require work from the office. 
ScrapedJobID759:
Help customers solve technical problems and answer questions about product capabilities Lead customer conversations as a technical expert, where your knowledge and expertise of the Nylas Cloud APIs will allow you to guide implementation and onboard customers Manage customer support tickets and provide regular updates to open tickets Develop customer-facing documentation and integration guides Collaborate closely with various teams including engineering (provide feedback, file and fix bugs), go-to-market (respond quickly to high priority issues, talk to prospects), and product (provide roadmap feedback) Develop technical messaging and platform architecture documentation describing the Nylas Cloud APIs You have coding experience in at least one major programming language (preferably Python, Ruby, Java, or Javascript) You've provided technical product support (preferably for SaaS) You have demonstrated experience working on technical issues, troubleshooting bugs, and communicating with engineers You've used APIs to build applications and/or query data You can thrive in a fast-paced environment with lots of autonomy You are detail-oriented and have great verbal and written communication skills You have deep empathy towards technical and non-technical users and thrive on making customers feel empowered You love solving puzzles and learning new tools and approaches to do so Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% premium coverage for medical, dental and vision for you and your family Additional: Health and DC FSA, Life insurance, with options for STD, LTD Retirement Plan: match up to 1% of annual salary for 401k or RRSP contributions Education Stipend: $1k annual education & development benefit Perk card: $150 per month towards health, wellness, and other perks via Assembly Cell Phone: $50 per month stipend towards cell phone reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID760:
Design, write, and execute test plans during all phases of product development Responsible for testing software of all types while logging test plan execution and bug tracking Collect, reproduce, and clearly document issues from test results and users into a consumable state for developers Design, develop and execute automation scripts Prioritize testing activities and escalate high risk and blocking issues as they are found Work directly with developers to invent and implement new ways to test product robustness. Participate in Agile working practices such as daily scrum meetings, sprint planning meetings, reviews, and retrospectives. 3+ years' experience in a Software Quality Assurance, or Software Testing role including developing test plans is required Degree or Diploma in Engineering, Computer Science, or relevant field Experience with multiple different development environments (bare metal, embedded OS, PC, cloud computing) Experience with Python or Java, SQL is preferred Experience with Hardware, and Mechanical systems is highly preferred Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written. Meticulous attention to detail. Experience with one or more issue tracking and test management tools is a plus Well-Funded: We are well funded by solid financial backers and customers through highly differentiated technology that has already been proven out in the real world. We just raised a round from one of the largest privately held companies in the world for a large commercial expansion and new product-line development. 'A' Players: Our team is made up of talented, intelligent, and hardworking people. If you're an 'A' player, you'll enjoy the intellectually stimulating, challenging and respectfully competitive atmosphere. Growing Quickly: We're in the process of opening US Offices, launching several new product-lines and hiring a high-performing team of people. We are not a small start-up company and are in the process of maturing into a fast-growing medium-sized business. Lots of Opportunities: We are transitioning into a much larger organization and will be expanding into a 52,000 sq ft facility in Vancouver. We are currently opening US offices, beginning in Houston. Competitive salary or higher (Top $ for top talent) Fulltime role Full benefits Competitive vacation Paid relocation service available 
ScrapedJobID761:
B.S/M.S/Ph.D in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. A lack of degree can be supported by an accomplished career in building software systems at scale. Solid foundations in computer science - data structures, logical thinking, algorithms, space-time complexities, Operating Systems etc., Demonstrable experience in solving problems in the areas of distributed systems at scale preferably at Systems level (Application level experience with systems orientation is also welcome) - optional if you are a new college grad. Experience working in the Kubernetes as a consumer or a provider (public or private clouds) is a plus. Programming languages - Go, Python, Java. Expertise in Linux Kernel, Networking stacks is a plus. Develop and advance the capabilities of our highly reliable and available cloud services - Compute, Network and Storage. Own the services from cradle to grave with development, test, deploy, monitor and measure. Conceive new ideas to problems and take them to market through rapid prototyping, validation, iterative development and continuous test and deployment. Challenge yourself, enrich in an environment of like minded engineers and most importantly Have fun! 
ScrapedJobID762:
8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID763:
You will design, develop, modify, debug and/or maintain software code according to functional, non-functional and technical design specifications. You will follow Amdocs software engineering standards, applicable software development methodology and release processes, to ensure code is maintainable, scalable, supportable and demo the software products to stakeholders You will investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code, provides fixes and workarounds, and reviews changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions. You will work within a team, collaborate and add value through participation in peer code reviews, provide comments and suggestions, work with cross functional teams to achieve goals. You will assume technical accountability for your specific work products within an application and provide technical support during solution design for new requirements. You will be encouraged to actively look for innovation and continuous improvement, efficiency in all assigned tasks. Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computer Science or equivalent Java experience (server side) on Linux/Unix/Windows Demonstrable experience with the Spring framework components - Spring Boot, MVC, Integration, ‎Security, etc.‎ Experience in Unit Testing using tools like Junit & TestNG, and mocking tools like ‎Mockito/Power mock.‎ Preferred working experience in NoSQL databases.‎ Knowledge in message queue such as ActiveMQ, Kafka or RabbitMQ.‎ Knowledge with version control tools like Git and Bitbucket.‎ Knowledge of software best practices like Refactoring and Clean Code Exposure to Agile/Scrum and TDD Experience with Continuous Integration(Jenkins), Continuous Deployment, Static Code ‎Analysis (SonarQube)‎ Exposure to cloud and containerization.‎ You will be challenged with design and develop new software applications You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever growing opportunities for personal growth You will have the opportunity to work with the industry most advanced technologies 
ScrapedJobID764:
Azure Data Factory Snowflake Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft Analysis Services Power BI T-SQL Python Javascript / Node.js Java 
ScrapedJobID765:
7+ years of experience creating solutions on the Salesforce.com platform Strong business acumen combined with an understanding of infrastructure technologies and SaaS technologies and solutions Experience teaching or demonstrating the impact of technology to business stakeholders; experience as a Solution/Sales Engineer or similar experience working to deliver projects using the Saelsforce platform with significant exposure working directly with customers to ideate and estimate solutions Salesforce Admin Certification +4 or more Salesforce certification from either Administrator, Architect, Developer, Marketer or Consultant paths Ability to drive conversations with C Level executives Strong relationship building and communication skills with both internal and external stakeholders Excellent time management and prioritization skills; ability to multi-task with ease Passionate and enthusiastic about producing quality work Embraces a solution oriented mindset; sees challenges as opportunities to solve, not problems to overcome Lead discovery sessions with prospective customers to elaborate further on organizational goals and objectives in regard to digital change/transformation Responsible for driving deeper level technical requirements by leading discoveries during sales process to scope and estimate the projects Architect technical and business solutions to match client needs Support statement-of-work creation and estimation process May create detailed design and implementation specifications for complex Salesforce products/applications/solutions. May demo/build a proof of concept based on customers’ business requirements to demonstrate feasibility of the platform, often requiring rapid prototyping and/or solution demo for client. Develop, present and deliver high impact demonstrations of Traction solutions and coordinate/facilitate all presales activities Work with external account executives to prioritize sales opportunities Maintain lead/account/opportunity updates within Salesforce.org to manage and prioritize sales opportunities Work with external sales and executive leaders Clearly articulate the benefits of potential solutions to all client levels up to "C" level executives Mentor and coach Solution Engineers on the presales team with a focus on helping those individuals build expertise and achieve career goals Provide technical coaching and development to other Solution Engineers, Business Development or Delivery team members Provide syndication of knowledge and contribute to the growth and development of more junior solution engineers Manages initiatives to simplify, standardize and improve accuracy for our Presales process, focusing on scalability Works with team members to solve complex problems as required Leverages personal & professional network to attract and recruit new Presales team members to meet growth requirements Partners with cross-functional team key stakeholders as a strategic liaison for the Presales team 
ScrapedJobID766:
Act as the trusted technical advisor for the clients to resolve complex GCP Infrastructure and DevOps challenges Communicate effectively via video conferencing for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities Ability to travel 30% of the time as required GCP Professional certification, or equivalent experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, related technical field or equivalent practical experience Experience in writing software in one or more languages, such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++ or similar Experience using cloud platform enablement technologies tools such as Terraform and Deployment Manager Experience with containerization, artifact repository, and orchestration technologies (Kubernetes and Docker, Helm, Kubernetes, Mesos) Knowledge of containerization and container orchestration technologies such as GKE and Kubernetes is a must Experience maintaining internet facing production-grade applications in virtualized environments (cloud computing platforms and services) Experience managing internal or client-facing projects, troubleshooting clients' technical issues and working with engineering, sales and services teams and customers Hands on experience with cloud infrastructure; AWS/GCP a plus - Min 4 years Experience with GKE, Compute Engine, CloudSQL, VPCx, IAM, Cloud Storage, and other GCP Services Strong understanding of ITIL principles, certification is a plus Diagnosing & troubleshooting user facing service incidents & outages Exposure to system & application level telemetry for large distributed cloud architectures Diagnosing, resolving problems in high-throughput web applications & network services Expert level troubleshooting skills across different levels of the solution stack Knowledge of Anthos will be a plus Preferred qualifications:
In-depth experience with the major cloud providers
Experience with scalable networking technologies such as Load Balancers/Firewalls and web standards (REST APIs, web security mechanisms)
Experience with containerization, artifact repository, and orchestration technologies (such as Docker, Helm, Kubernetes, Mesos)
Experience automating infrastructure provisioning, DevOps, and/or continuous integration/delivery
Familiarity with standard IT security practices such as identity and access management, data protection, encryption, certificate and key management
Hands-on experience with deployment technologies (such as Puppet, Chef, Salt, Ansible)
Understanding of open source server software (such as NGINX, RabbitMQ, Redis, Elasticsearch)
Familiarity with IT security best practices such as encryption, certificates, and key management
Consulting experience with migrations from on-prem or AWS/Azure to GCP
Strong problem-solving and communication skills to lead change and adoption of new technologies In-depth experience with the major cloud providers Experience with scalable networking technologies such as Load Balancers/Firewalls and web standards (REST APIs, web security mechanisms) Experience with containerization, artifact repository, and orchestration technologies (such as Docker, Helm, Kubernetes, Mesos) Experience automating infrastructure provisioning, DevOps, and/or continuous integration/delivery Familiarity with standard IT security practices such as identity and access management, data protection, encryption, certificate and key management Hands-on experience with deployment technologies (such as Puppet, Chef, Salt, Ansible) Understanding of open source server software (such as NGINX, RabbitMQ, Redis, Elasticsearch) Familiarity with IT security best practices such as encryption, certificates, and key management Consulting experience with migrations from on-prem or AWS/Azure to GCP Strong problem-solving and communication skills to lead change and adoption of new technologies Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions 
ScrapedJobID767:
Write test plans and test cases throughout the development lifecycle Ensure test plans thoroughly cover all requirements and use cases Plan, schedule and perform manual and automated software tests Develop automated regression test suites using automated testing tools Foster a continuous improvement approach to QA activities Review tools implementations and encourage best practices and sound design principles while remaining practical and deadline driven Work closely with development to perform early testing on components prior to integration builds Assists and actively participates in the communication between local and offshore development and QA teams, ensuring knowledge is shared efficiently Manage defect tracking; monitor and report results Report QA status, as appropriate, to keep project stakeholders informed on deliverables and timelines Train other departments on the use of custom developed tools Other duties as assigned You have a BS in computer science or related field You have a minimum of 5-10 years’ experience as QA Engineering role You have knowledge of software development life cycle, methodologies and testing You have experience with cloud technologies and modern pipelines is an asset You have solid knowledge of quality assurance techniques, testing concepts, methodologies and tools You have expert ability to apply quality assurance knowledge to in-depth testing and test plans You have ability to apply concepts of unit, system, regression, product, integration and accepting testing You have excellent analytical skills with the ability to investigate and research multiple sources You have excellent interpersonal and oral/written communication skills You have knowledge of Python/Bash is an asset You have knowledge of Cloud technologies is a very important asset You have experience in automation testing or coding or backend services is an asset You have advanced knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases You have knowledge of trading systems and trading concepts, particularly within the equities realm, is considered an asset You have experience with testing high performance systems is an asset You have ability to adapt and learn quickly with any testing tool You have excellent working knowledge of LINUX/UNIX and Windows environments You have advanced understanding of automation testing methodologies You have programming skills 
ScrapedJobID768:
A fast-paced development backed by a solid SDLC - branching, pull requests, CI, and QA. Having every pull request thoughtfully code reviewed by a peer before being merged. A focus on SOLID principles, best practices, and software craftsmanship. Participating in daily stand-ups (including NYC, LA, and Costa Rica). Pair programming, code reviews, and collaboration. An extensive onboarding covering our company, technologies, architecture, and practices. Access to continued online learning via platforms like PluralSight. Frequent technical learning sessions to advance your engineering skills. Managers who are all former engineers. Working with a fully responsive, single-page-application (SPA) powered by a RESTful API. Exercising Test-driven-development (TDD) for relevant functionality. A modern MVVM front-end framework forked from Knockout.js and being migrated to React.js. Opportunity to create architecture documents for new features, and have them reviewed by senior team members, prior to development. We are software engineers, not just developers. Great leadership, which cares about technical debt, software architecture, and code quality. Participate in the development of an enterprise application built on MS SQL, Dapper, Entity Framework, .NET API, TypeScript, Kendo UI, LESS, and MVVM. Have technical ownership over part of an entire application revolutionizing the content production industry. Excellent written and oral communication skills Brilliance and passion for software craftsmanship A sense of humor and a friendly personality Professionalism and maturity A solid work ethic and tenacity, enthusiasm for technical challenges Must have strong understanding of OOP and SOLID principles, ideally with experience in: C# or Java JavaScript Relational databases (MS SQL, MySQL, etc.) Ideally have experience with: ORMs & Repositories Dependency Injection & Unit Testing / TDD MVVM front-end frameworks & TypeScript Git & Branching Strategies A competitive salary and benefits The chance to make a difference in a dynamic environment The opportunity to be a part of a growing, fast-paced team 
ScrapedJobID769:
MS or BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering/Science Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to quickly ramp up on new technologies and standards Experience in electronic hardware circuits, programming/scripting languages e.g. Python/TCL/C/C++ General knowledge of embedded systems, analog, and digital circuits, software/firmware development and testing methodology Good oral and written skills for communication and documentation Experience of firmware debugging tools such as JTAG, ARM SWD, scopes and logical analyzer Ability to read and understand PCB schematic is an asset Knowledge of high-speed interfaces such as Flash, DDR, and PCI Express is an asset Knowledge of video decoding and encoding is an asset 
ScrapedJobID770:
3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer and/or BI Developer role Strong SQL skills and knowledge of data warehouse principles & visualization tools Experience with data manipulation & processing of large & complex data sources on cloud systems Experience with data pipeline tools Experience with Python, R or another scripting language Experience in statistical models & analysis Excellent quantitative and analytical with ability to draw conclusions based on data Able to work in a fast-paced environment with quick turnaround Strong problem solving skills and ability to provide creative solutions Working with other team members to design, build, and deploy reliable data pipelines. Maintaining our existing data pipelines. Optimizing our data stores for fast efficient querying for our technology and reporting infrastructure. Run standardized queries to extract data from data lakes and other tools. Evangelize high quality software engineering practices towards building data infrastructure and pipelines at scale. Arbitrate critical decisions correctly considering data best practices, system realities & numerous stakeholders' feedback. Streamline the ingestion of raw data and leverage data into meaningful insight Design data models for both optimal storage and retrieval Coordinate and collaborate with the internal teams to provide the strategic data needed to drive the business forward Goals are a target, but the objective is to exceed them while meeting deadlines Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID771:
Develop customized solutions within the Salesforce platform to support critical business functions and meet project objectives, client requirements and company goals Manage daily support and maintenance of internal Salesforce instance, and conduct long-term improvement operations to ensure compatibility with evolving mission requirements Communicate with scrum masters, project managers, team leads, clients and other developers to design cohesive project strategies and ensure effective collaboration throughout all phases of development, testing and deployment Maintain a flexible and proactive work environment to facilitate a quick response to changing project requirements and customer objectives, and innovate ways to meet mission goals successfully Interact directly with clients, managers and end users as necessary to analyze project objectives and capability requirements, including specifications for user interfaces, customized applications and interactions with internal Salesforce instances Provide system administration support of internal and customer-facing Salesforce environment, especially related to customized applications, user permissions, security settings, custom objects and workflow Collaborate with various internal departments, including marketing, product development and operations, to ensure Salesforce environment supports internal needs relating to functionality and performance Work with other cross functional development teams on key integration projects to facilitate integration of cross company business products and processes for our members, physicians, client management and operations teams Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Minimum two years of experience as a Salesforce.com developer Proficient with Workflows, Validation, Security, Apex, VisualForce, Lightning Framework, Lightning Web Components and JavaScript Saleforce.com administrator, developer certification preferred Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Communities and Developer certifications preferred Proven ability to design and implement new processes and facilitate user adoption. Strong understanding of the platform, with the ability to build custom apps and objects, formula fields, workflows, custom views, and other content of intermediate complexity Strong understanding of Salesforce.com best practices and functionality Strong data management abilities A documented history of successfully driving tasks to completion A demonstrated ability to understand and articulate complex requirements Experience with health care industry processes preferred Previous experience working in a SCRUM or agile environment preferred 
ScrapedJobID772:
Duties include providing high-quality services and applications by coding, testing, debugging, documenting, and maintaining programs. Developing and modifying moderately complex information systems involving most phases of systems analysis and programming. Focus will be on updating existing Edward Jones applications to use new APIs for data interaction and integration with vendor based financial planning system. Analyze, code, test and document programs and enhancements. Conduct code walkthroughs to assure quality of programs developed by other associates. Optimize application performance for maximum speed and scalability Mentor entry and mid-level developers Work closely with support team, delivery manager and product owners to address incidents and problem queues, ensuring proper prioritization. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems or related field. 8+ years of experience with Java, JEE, JSP, jQuery, Spring, Spring Boot (Microservices), Rest Services, Spring JPA, REST, JSON, Junit, JavaScript, and XML. Experience analyzing existing applications and making modifications for new features while maintaining other existing functionalities. Experience using CI/CD pipelines and code quality tools. Test driven mindset using frameworks like JUnit and contract testing tools such as Pact.io. Experience and familiarity with Docker, containers, Kubernetes, Microservices, GitHub. Experience working with financial planning concepts and APIs (from vendors such as eMoney/MoneyGuide Pro) is a plus. Good analysis and trouble-shooting skills are required.  
ScrapedJobID773:
Implement technical solutions and tools to help detect and mitigate security vulnerabilities. Review, develop and implement security measures in our CI/CD pipeline to detect security issues before they are deployed. Support external security programs such as audit, compliance and penetration testing. Identify threats and develop suitable defense measures, evaluate system changes for security implications, and recommend enhancements. Understand common attack scenarios within cloud computing environments and ability to stay abreast of changing security threats, techniques and tactics. Experience with continuous automated penetration and vulnerability testing with tools such as Metasploit, ZAP/BurpSuit and Gauntlt. Familiarity with common security controls/frameworks (NIST, PCI DSS, SOC2 or CSA-CCM) and libraries(OWASP-SKF & OWASP Dependency-Check). Development experience in languages such as Ruby, Python or Go. Experience with OWASP Static/Dynamic analysis, and other common security tools. A good understanding of network protocols (such as TCP/IP, UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS). Familiarity with cloud security controls and best practices. Experience with common DevOps tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible and Terraform (or similar). Experience with cloud native security tools such as Snyk, Falco, ThreatStack and KMS. Good understanding of AWS networking and security internals and tools such as VPC, ELB, Route53, WAF and others. Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) in an AWS cloud-based environment. Generous PTO and competitive pay Fullscript’s RRSP match program for financial health Flexible benefits package and workplace wellness program Training budget and company-wide learning initiatives Discount on Fullscript catalog of products Ability to work Wherever You Work Well* Our Wherever You Work Well philosophy means Fullscript teammates get to pick their own office — whether that’s in-office, at home, or a bit of both. 
ScrapedJobID774:
Become and maintain proficiency in Generac Grid Services’s products and services, as well as Generac distributed energy resource hardware including PWRcell solar + storage systems, Ecobee smart thermostats and Generac residential, commercial & industrial generators. Help our electric utility customers achieve their business goals through prompt and knowlegable response to support requests submitted remotely via our support ticket management software. Software bug verification, workaround identification, escalation, and release management support. Provide training and coaching to electric utility customers on how to get the most out of Generac Grid Services’s products Develop your business acumen through regular interaction with users to understand how they use Generac Grid Service’s products to achieve their goals and collorating with the Product team to improve our customers’ experience. Post-secondary degree or diploma in computer science, engineering or closely related field 1-5 years relevant work experience A working understanding software APIs; ability to read API documentation, perform API requests and interpret responses Background in developing, managing or supporting software products Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal Innovative problem solver who is positive, collaborative, and customer focused Excellent time management, prioritization and problem solving skills Exercising high levels of initiative, judgment, and diplomacy Ability to navigate and perform in a rapidly changing technical start-up environment Ability and willingness to travel internationally on occasion. Will maintain a valid passport & driver license with no restrictions. Experience working in technical support, customer service or customer support environments Power systems or electrical engineering knowledge or background Internet of things (IoT) experience Experience with one or more of the major cloud providers Small nimble teams with an open culture that welcomes ideas and input Modern technology platforms, tools and engineering best practices Support of a large parent company willing to make investments in technology and its people Camaraderie, mentorship, support and fun 
ScrapedJobID775:
Monday to Friday DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID776:

ScrapedJobID777:
Assume direct responsibility and drive exceptional support provided to our customer base, with specific focus on assigned accounts. Gain understanding of our partner's technical infrastructure and environment, hardware, and/or product(s). Investigate issues reported by customers by doing your own research and involving others across the organisation as necessary. For assigned accounts manage support escalations and issue prioritisation, acting internally as a customer advocate. Contribute new articles and maintain existing knowledge base articles. On a rotation basis, be available for on-call support out of office hours. Ability to travel internationally up to 25% of the time. Capable of mounting a server in top of a standard datacentre racks. Minimum 3+ years experience supporting Linux systems. Minimum 1+ years experience with OpenStack, virtualization and other Cloud technologies. Advanced troubleshooting (up to application layer, including, core dump analysis and kernel dump analysis desirable). Demonstrable expertise in one or more of the following areas: Advanced storage (RAID, LVM, SAN, file system tuning, etc.) Advanced networking (bonding, firewalling, bridging, switching, network file system tuning, etc.) Clustering, cloud computing (provisioning, monitoring, orchestration, etc.) Linux integration with other environments (authentication/directory services, network file systems, etc.) Container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher, etc) Development level and troubleshooting experience in at least 2 programming languages like Bash, C, Python, GO, etc . Experience managing customer relationships through consulting engagements, account management, or direct support. Experience with Ubuntu or Debian. Must be able to understand Ubuntu OS bugs and advise on next steps, acting as a generalist when necessary. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English as a minimum Debian packaging experience and knowledge of Ubuntu development processes. Experience with MAAS and Juju. Familiarity with Open Source process and community practices required as well as familiarity with Open Source business model desirable. Knowledge of Operating Systems other than Ubuntu. Fluency in languages other than English. Bachelors or equivalent 4-year degree from an accredited college or university Learning and Development Annual Compensation Review Recognition Rewards Annual Leave Priority Pass for travel Flexible working option 
ScrapedJobID778:
to identify and optimize the interdependencies between application development and infrastructure operations through a collaborative approach to lead continuous service improvement efforts and streamline operations and processes to lead a highly-engaged team of DevOps & database administrators that are excited about the company’s future to direct and have a significant impact, building off of our success to date, while directly impacting the company’s future Support the Property Vista’s cloud initiative by designing, building and migrating workloads from our current monolith structure to microservice architecture on Elastic Kubernetes Service in Amazon Web Services Deploy current environment while working together with the Engineering team to work towards developing and maintaining continuous delivery pipelines by deploying fixes/features to dev, test, staging and production environments Implement and monitor Amazon CloudWatch and Datadog metrics to provide continuous monitoring capabilities, track all aspects of the system, infrastructure, performance, application errors, and roll up metrics. Evaluate new technologies and make recommendations on how to streamline or improve our systems Manage and facilitate security protocols as outlined via best practices to ensure compliance such as (but not limited to) SOC2 and PCI compliance are maintained at all times Monitors and tunes the performance of the infrastructure Identify and correct bottlenecks in the system while working with development teams on optimizations and best-practices Be part of the “on-call” emergency schedule to ensure the system is maintained 24/7, 365 days a year Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Deep knowledge/experience in build Microservices / Serverless architectures 6+ years of combined experience in Software Development, DevOps, and SRE Proven experience with cloud architecture and deploying infrastructure in a cloud environment 3+ years of experience working with Amazon Web Services with expertise on core concepts: EKS, Docker, RDS, S3, Lambda, IAM, VPC, Security Groups, Routing, Application Load Balancer 2+ years of experience working with Docker Containers 1+ years of Kubernetes experience 2+ years of experience working with Infrastructure-as-code (terraform, cloud formation, ansible) 3+ years of experience with scripting languages (bash and python) 5+ years of experiencing running and maintaining production applications in the cloud Advanced Windows and Linux experience related to administration, security, configuration, and monitoring. AWS Solution Architect (Professional) Certification is considered an asset Experience setting up and configuring application CI/CD tools like GitHub Actions, Bamboo, New Relic, Octopus Deploy, Terraform, Jenkins, etc. Experience with log management systems like Kibana, Logstash Experience in a technical engineering role, such as software development, release management, deployment engineering, site operations, technical operations. Experience in Technology infrastructure, such as network, monitoring, systems, databases, etc. 
ScrapedJobID779:
Challenge the status quo through innovative thinking and technology developments to create life-changing accessible experiences for those who need it Build web apps with your knowledge of programming and architecture principles, including scaling Design and build UI features that deliver a consistent, repeatable and superior customer experience Prioritize accessibility, user experience, and ethics in design and quality of data when implementing code Understand how software is used in the field and keep ahead of the latest and emerging technologies Maintain a “We win as a team” mentality to uphold a positive, inclusive and coaching culture Experience with full-stack web development with 2 or more years of practical experience Familiarity with the most recent tools and libraries and understanding of underlying principles Willingness to work with our stack (below) and a drive to suggest improvements JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, HTML, Sass NodeJS, MongoDB, Angular Webpack, Rollup Jasmine, puppeteer TSLint/ESLint, Git Docker, K8S, AWS Ability to communicate complex ideas clearly, and to listen carefully to the needs and experiences of others Demonstrable problem-solving ability Excellent written and verbal communication skills People before process, team spirit Understanding of web accessibility Prior experience building scalable applications for the cloud Experience designing and building UI features that deliver a consistent, repeatable and superior customer experience Knowledge of any of the following: AWS services, K8S, Terraform, Salt/Puppet/Chef/Ansible Competitive salary Healthcare benefits effective from first day of employment 3 weeks of vacation to start Stock options Passionate group of coworkers who are performance driven and aligned to the company’s success Growth opportunity as the company scales Fully remote 
ScrapedJobID780:
Provide advanced level support for all Information Technology products and services which may include answering questions, troubleshooting problems, teaching, or instructing customers regarding software or hardware functionality, and communicating policy. Determines the most effective manner to resolve client's technical issue through research and in-depth troubleshooting and escalate complex and/or high priority problems to appropriate personnel or support groups for resolution. Promptly record required customer and problem information into the Ticketing System and keep the tickets updated with appropriate information i.e. resolution and closure upon job completion. Verifies that suggested solutions effectively resolve the users' problems through verbal or email follow up. Assist in researching products and services as necessary. Works on Helpdesk projects as assigned by manager. Assists with various IT projects that include networking, AD administration, File Server administration and various other IT technologies. Strong desire to learn new technologies and willingness to assist with IT related projects. Experience in computer hardware, software, and advanced network troubleshooting, or equivalent training. Must be proficient in Linux, MS Office/Tasks suite and Windows family of latest OSs. Familiarity with VoIP systems, networking, and communication hardware such as Cisco routers, switches, and firewalls Possess excellent communication skills, be able to handle stressful situations with a drive to assist clients, using both industry knowledge and out-of-the box thinking to resolve issues. Customer service training and/or experience are beneficial. This position requires handling Escalated Helpdesk tickets in an appropriate manner. Individual must be able to gauge the customer's technical ability and communicate with them in appropriate technical or non-technical language in a non-condescending manner. This position involves projects and/or assignments requiring considerable decision-making regarding procedures, plans, auditing and schedules. Ability to work independently or in a team setting is necessary. Ability to adapt and multitask on various projects with willingness to learn and support new and fast-changing technologies. Experience with Clouds, thin clients, system virtualization is a plus! Must be able to learn new software packages and assist staff as necessary. Detail oriented and be able to work with basic tools. Must have an excellent command of the English language to provide effective phone, desk-side, and email support. Strong desire to be part of a dynamic, goal, and achievement driven environment. A workplace with culture of trust, empowerment, and constructive feedback Competitive base salary and benefits including paid time off All the Tech stuff you need for work! Anything else? Just ask! 
ScrapedJobID781:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID782:
Anticipate and resolve any problems, bottlenecks or scheduling conflicts; Prepare and maintain project schedules using Gantt charts and monitor progress to achieve on‐ time or earlier deliveries; Track and control project costs staying within or under budget; Prepare Financial Reviews and Project Summaries (a Closing Report) at completion of a Establish and maintain good communications with the Customer on project issues and concerns; Maintain good communication with in‐house and contract engineering staff, manufacturers, suppliers, and installation crews regarding all aspects of the project from project inception through to equipment installation and closing report; Co‐ordinate efforts of all team members by supplying them the necessary information and ensure that it is used correctly; Attend meetings at customer and/or assembly facility (some travel required) for equipment reviews and runoffs; Complete Project Risk assessment; Chair Project Kick‐off Meetings; Chair Critical Design Reviews on assigned Assess resource requirements for assigned projects and coordinate these requirements with the Director of Engineering to determine staffing Maintain log of project Purchase Requisitions and Purchase Orders; Maintain a log of technical, production and other issues and resolutions; Document and resolve any customer change order or extras requests; Ensure all Quality System documentation relating to projects is utilized and completed; Participate in the preparation and checking of Operations and Maintenance Manuals; Compile and maintain Project binder and records; Track Project Costs in conjunction with the Engineering Department to meet 'Design to Cost' objectives. Preferably BSc of Engineering (Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical) or PMI; 5 years Project Management Experience (Project Values from $100K to $2,000,000); Working knowledge of Microsoft Project Online, Jira, and Confluence; Working knowledge of Agency Certification Standards (Ie. UL/CSA); Excellent communication and writing skills in both French and English; Ability to track and organize information data and communications efficiently to ensure project issues are dealt with promptly and properly; Attention to detail; Ability to travel to customer’s job sites within Canada and the USA. A dynamic and collaborative work environment Competitive compensation package On-site cafeteria Free access to our 24/7, fully equipped gym + trainer BBQ, theme days and other employee engagement events Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID783:
As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedure Strategic participation in the definition of scalable, self-healing, autonomous platform solutions Provide leadership and expertise in the development of new products/services/processes, frequently operating at the leading edge of technology. Define how to use latest technologies to identify and optimize the operational efficiency for architecture supporting Oracle Hospitality Cloud Service Offerings Perform professional software development tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Drive a customer-first culture that keeps customer at the forefront of decision making Lead a holistic and integrated approach to providing data integrity, information confidentiality and service availability Define and monitor performance indicators BS or MS in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience 5+ years in-depth knowledge of OOPS/Core Java and J2EE development Experience in REST APIs and JavaScript based UI development Knowledge of Micro services-based Cloud Native application development Good knowledge and experience in architecture and designing of complex systems In-depth knowledge in Cloud technologies and would have designed/architected solutions to deploy products in Cloud Knowledge on Cloud infrastructure technologies like AWS, Azure or Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Solid understanding of effective cloud computing principles Experience designing solutions with security and high performing applications in Cloud Broad, strong technical knowledge which encompasses application operations including deployment, automation, platform architecture, Database, Network, Load-balancing / Clustering and Security Experience in architecture, engineering, deployment and operational management of a best-in-class cloud service offerings Experience developing Secured Enterprise applications (IDCS, SSO, Oauth2, SAML, Spring security, etc.) Worked on server-side performance/monitoring (App-D, EM) and Logging (ELK) measurements and tuning Strong technical acumen; creativity; interpersonal skills; emotional intelligence Detailed knowledge of architectural approaches including consolidation, cloud computing, virtualization, disaster recovery, High Availability, information management, big data, Java applications, Oracle and non-Oracle applications Knowledge of common web application and mobile frameworks Demonstrated expertise in bringing applications to Cloud 
ScrapedJobID784:
Build security tooling and automation for internal use that enable the Security team to operate at high speed and wide scale. Integrate SAST/DAST in CI/CD and operational pipelines. Conduct research of security tools that can be used in the organization and integrate them as needed. Collaborate with Grammarly team members on security scanning of company repositories. Facilitate developer productivity in security by helping developers fix bugs faster using automated tools. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Is excited by internet security issues, automation, software engineering technologies, cloud architectures, and threat landscape concepts. Has at least 3 years of hands-on software development experience. Can deliver maintainable and high-quality code, preferably on Python or Go, JS. Is familiar with software development methodologies, processes, and tools including version control systems, package managers, and build tools (such as npm, pip, sbt, Gradle or Maven). Is familiar with modern DevOps practices and tools, especially Docker. Is a good communicator with the ability to collaborate effectively, empathetically, and proactively on a tightly integrated team. Has previous experience in networking or network security, cloud orchestration, or Security Operations. Has knowledge of cloud security best practices and vulnerabilities, infrastructure security (bare metal), OS, container, or general application security. Has prior experience in continuous security cycle implementation for web applications. Has experience in software supply chain security. Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds products that help people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer support to set up a home office, ample and defined time off, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. Relocation support: We can help you relocate to Kyiv and make the experience smooth and easy. Grammarly provides a relocation bonus, legal and visa support, temporary housing, moving support and travel expenses, assistance in finding schools for your kids—and all other information you might need. 
ScrapedJobID785:
Build and optimize modern RESTful APIs to handle billions of requests every day Build and optimize data synchronization services to handle TB-level message data Collaborate with your team to write, test, debug, and deploy Python Flask services Work with multiple-cloud-based deployments and application environments Brainstorm solutions to customer problems and guide decisions based on your knowledge of the codebase BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent At least 2+ years of experience in backend development on high-impact projects Strong experience with Python (Flask preferred) and Golang Some experience with microservices, distributed system, and CI/CD pipelines Some experience with modern database and storage (MySQL, NoSQL) Some experience with containers and related infrastructure (Docker and K8s) Some experience with Cloud Services (AWS or GCP is preferred) Fast-learner and team player Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% of medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family Retirement Plan: 401k & RRSP with a company match (super rare for a startup) Holidays: 14 paid annual holidays (New Year’s Day, Family Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Indigenous People's Day, etc) Education Grant: annual learning & development benefit Paid Parental Leave: 12 weeks parental leave (maternity & paternity) Voting/Election PTO: 4 hours of paid time off to vote in person or volunteer at a polling place 
ScrapedJobID786:
Customer Onboarding and Provisioning - Support the Generalist VCSP with non-standard onboarding and provisioning questions and customer presentations Proactively Monitor Customer Consumption - Understand the customer consumption risks and aid in developing plans, content, and enablement (in concert with our content and enablement teams) for the generalist VCSP's and our customers. In situations where potential Shelfware risk may occur, the Training and Adoption VCSP Specialist should work with the end customer and account teams on developing a use case Product Roadmaps - Assist Training and Adoption customers with questions pertaining to product and solution roadmaps Knowledge and best Practice Sharing - Assess ongoing customer needs and work with content team to develop 1:N reusable customer-facing assets Furthermore, the VCSP Training and Adoption Specialist will provide ongoing knowledge sharing and enablement to Generalist VCSP's by documenting processes, creating templates, and organizing all relevant content and team activities for transparency, team collaboration and effective onboarding of new VCSPs as the role expands Respond to risk scenarios. VCSPs will be a point of contact for defined customer risk scenarios helping to orchestrate appropriate communication channels for support but are not considered a replacement for standard SAP support and practices Bachelor degree or equivalent Experience in Learning & Development, HR, Training or Education Consulting Knowledge of learning trends and learning technologies Fluent in English, French is a plus. Record of building strong customer relationships (internal and external) Experience in managing complex customer engagements A self‐starter, with energy, drive and the ability to manage multiple priorities. Experience acting as a trusted advisor to customers. Knowledge of SaaS models and Cloud mindset. Capability to handle challenging customer situations and work effectively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment; must be able to maintain a positive, solutions oriented and professional manner throughout. Excellent listening skills; strong oral and written communication skills; with the ability to influence stakeholders Ability to identify and understand the needs of the customers, hence leading up to an opportunity Capability to acquire a thorough knowledge of SAP products and eco-systems, and be able to communicate and demonstrate their value The VCSP needs to be a master at networking and coordinating resources across many teams within many functions to make sure we provide the most effective scalable processes Commercial experience including experience developing account management plans Aptitude for creative/innovative thinking and analysis Solutions focus Proactive and responsive Forward thinking and solution oriented Product know-how on the SAP Education product suite with a focus on the cloud solutions, SAP Enable Now in particular Experience with working in a virtual team, or the willingness to learn Experience managing a higher volume of customers at scale is a preference WORK EXPERIENCE 5+ years of experience working with external clients (consulting, account management, or project experience) either within an SAP cloud solution and/or industry based. Alternatively, you have gained an equivalent amount of experience in a customer facing role. 
ScrapedJobID787:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID788:
Software Development : translate product requirements into working code, design reusable components, perform code reviews, contribute to and apply best practices for UI development. Team work : work closely with product managers, UI designers, architects, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering software releases on schedule. Technical leadership : evaluate frameworks, libraries, architectural designs and implement the latest web technologies and industry practices. Process & Operations : support test automation and follow regulatory compliance, apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our teams function and the quality of the products we build. Design and implement product features in close collaboration with product managers and UI designers Participate in requirements, architecture, and design specification reviews of REST APIs Write unit and component tests. Utilize best software design practices Provide informal leadership to junior engineers within the team and act as a coach and mentor in all spheres of the Software Development Life Cycle. Utilize systems thinking and strong technical expertise to progress critical software development projects through all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle; from conception to testing to product delivery. 5+ years in active UI development building large web applications in a distributed environment B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent field Expertise in Typescript/ES6, HTML, CSS/SCSS Knowledge in working with asynchronous events using RxJS Experienced with designing and consuming REST APIs Proficiency in Angular is preferred. Self-motivated, independent, and high-performance individual with the ability to learn new technologies and become productive extremely fast; strive for challenges with a do-what-ever-it-takes mentality Solid experience with software development lifecycles and agile development methodologies Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and to be an outstanding team player and leader Fanatical attention to detail Experience using various tools such as JIRA, git, bitBucket 
ScrapedJobID789:
3 mois de formation complète gratuite et de projets dirigés par des experts de l'industrie:
Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception
Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST
Cloud Computing et DevOps
Analyse de données avec SQL et Python
Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST Cloud Computing et DevOps Analyse de données avec SQL et Python Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. L'opportunité d'améliorer considérablement vos compétences en travaillant avec des responsables techniques et des professionnels tout en écrivant plus de 15 000 lignes de code en Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Placement garanti de deux ans après la réussite du programme. La chance d'améliorer vos compétences générales pour libérer de nouveaux potentiels, confiance et leadership. Un soutien ciblé pour vous aider à développer votre carrière tout au long du programme et au-delà, y compris le coaching, les opportunités de réseautage professionnel et l'obtention de certifications reconnues par l'industrie Bilingue (anglais/français) est un plus mais pas une exigence Diplôme en informatique, technologie, ingénierie ou dans une discipline mathématique (STEM) Aptitude au raisonnement logique et à la résolution quantitative de problèmes Bonne communication orale et écrite Capacités de collaboration et de travail en équipe Légalement autorisé à travailler au Canada (citoyen/résident permanent/permis de travail) Maîtrise de Java ou d'un autre langage de programmation orienté objet (par exemple C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) Etre familié avec les bases de données SGBDR ou No-SQL Avoir suivi au moins un cours (en ligne ou scolaire) lié à la conception d'algorithmes et de structures de données Un plus à avoir : Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curieux - Vous êtes intéressé à expérimenter, apprendre, innover et essayer de nouvelles choses Axé sur le client - Vous vous efforcez de créer de la valeur pour vos clients et de toujours livrer avec qualité Flexible - Vous restez concentré sur les résultats même lorsque les plans et les priorités changent et vous apportez constamment de la valeur Humble - Vous reconnaissez vos forces ainsi que vos opportunités et êtes toujours prêt à apprendre des autres Collaboratif - Vous appréciez le succès du groupe et partagez librement vos connaissances, votre expérience et vos idées La capacité de faire reconnaître et récompenser votre potentiel Formation pratique et pertinente utilisant les dernières technologies Un soutien pour vous aider à établir votre carrière et à atteindre vos objectifs L'opportunité de travailler sur des projets innovants au sein d'une variété de grandes entreprises canadiennes Un package de rémunération compétitif avec un soutien à l'apprentissage continu 3-months of cost-free comprehensive training and projects led by industry experts:
Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns
Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API
Cloud Computing and DevOps
Data Analytics with SQL and Python
Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API Cloud Computing and DevOps Data Analytics with SQL and Python Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. The opportunity to drastically improve your skills by working with Tech Leads and Professionals while writing more than 15k lines of code in Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Guaranteed two-year placement upon successful completion of the program. The chance to improve your soft skills to unlock new potential, confidence, and leadership. Dedicated support to help you develop your career throughout the program and beyond including, coaching, professional networking opportunities and attaining industry-recognized certifications Bilingual (English/French) is required Diploma or degree in computer science, technology, engineering, or a mathematical discipline (STEM) Aptitude for logical reasoning and quantitative problem solving Good oral and written communication skills Good collaboration and teamwork skills Legally permitted to work in Canada (citizen/permanent resident/work permit) Proficient with Java or another object oriented programming language ( e.g. C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc) Familiar with with RDBMS or No-SQL databases Have completed at least one course (online or school) related to designing algorithms and data structures Nice-to-have: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curious - You’re interested in experimenting, learning, innovating, and trying new things Customer Focused – You strive to create value for your customers and always deliver with quality Adaptable - You maintain a focus on results even as plans and priorities change and consistently deliver value Humble - You recognize your strengths as well as your opportunities and are always willing to learn from others Collaborative - You value the success of the group and freely share your knowledge, experience, and insight The ability to have your potential recognized and rewarded Practical and relevant training utilizing the newest technologies Support to help you establish your career and achieve your goals The opportunity to work on innovative projects within a variety of Canada’s top companies A competitive compensation package with support for continuous learning 
ScrapedJobID790:
Contribute to the planning and execution of data pipelines for various machine learning projects; Design, implement, and maintain data pipelines with complex data transformations Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs; Experience working with business teams to translate functional requirements into technical requirements. Conduct business and functional requirements gathering and provide projects estimates. Excellent communication ability – you can explain your work in a way that anyone on the team can understand, and you can frame problems in a way that ensures the right question is being asked Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. 
ScrapedJobID791:
Own the Customer Success Service Desk and monitor for issues raised by the team Engage with Customer Success and Field Operations representatives to obtain a clear understanding of the issue as necessary Triage the issues to determine if the cause is HW or software Investigate to identify the root cause and resolve the issue Where necessary, escalate issues to level III operations support and follow-up to ensure adherence to service standards Work with level I support (Customer Success and Field Operations) and provide guidance on the implementation of remedial measures Create and improve customer and Level 1 support documentation. Work with manufacturing team on RMAs where necessary Own the customer service process: refine and maintain existing customer support procedures, create and implement necessary tools for their implementation Ensure issues resolution respects prescribed service standards Track and analyze issues and their nature and trends, and prepare reports for senior management Provide feedback to technical development and operations groups to support the resolution of systemic issues Support the international expansion of the Customer Service team: train, guide and work with Customer Service teams in geographies outside of Canada and North America more broadly Ability to work in Canada The team-oriented player with demonstrated ability to work independently and under pressure Good listening and people skills Ability to empathize with end-user needs and experience A passion for customer service and product quality An understanding of agriculture/horticulture is considered an asset Ability to work on multiple issues with competing deadlines at the same time 2+ years of experience in a Technical Support Engineer role, Software Development Engineer or Software Developer in test. Meticulous and thorough attention to detail Experience working with the Atlassian product suite, especially Jira and Confluence Experience working with ERM systems, knowledge of Odoo considered an asset Bachelor's Degree in Computing Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related technical field Strong programming/scripting in test automation domain (Python, JS, C/C++) Experience with at least one script automation framework Working knowledge of AWS cloud services Working knowledge of computer, device, internet networking Experience with source control tools (Git) Experience with relational and non-relational database systems An opportunity to work in a growing company pioneering the agricultural tech industry Competitive salary, benefits, and a very accommodative vacation policy An environment where you can learn and grow your talent to its fullest potential Join a team of talented individuals who are passionate about food and making a better future 
ScrapedJobID792:
Participate in code reviews, design work and troubleshooting across business functions, multiple teams and product groups to help communicate, document and address infrastructure issues. Look for innovative ways to improve observability, monitoring of large scale systems over a variety of technologies across the Numerator organization. Participate in the creation of training material, helping teams embrace a culture of DevOps with self-healing and self-service ecosystems. This includes discovery, testing and integration of third party solutions in product roadmaps. Build internal-facing tools that demonstrate performance and operational effectiveness to improve training, adoption and understanding of common Software Development and DevOps challenges. Lead by example and evangelize DevOps best practices within the team and within the organization and product teams in Numerator. 2+ years of experience in cloud-based systems, in a SRE or DevOps position A passion for well architectured software and good understanding of software development practices specifically around reliability, availability and performance engineering. Availability to participate in after-hours on-call support with your fellow engineers and help improve a team’s on-call process where necessary. Strong analytical and problem solving mindset combined with experience of troubleshooting large-scale systems. Working knowledge of networking, operating systems and packaging/build systems ie. AWS Linux, Ubuntu, PIP and NPM, Terraform, Ansible etc. Working knowledge of Serverless and Kubernetes based environments in AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Competence in using scripting languages such as *nix commands, jq, sed, awk and make, No-SQL/SQL languages. Ability to manage multiple projects and systems across different teams and raise technical issues proactively within the organization. Experience in managing highly redundant data stores, file systems and services both in the cloud and on-premise including both data transfer, redundancy and cost-management. Ability to quickly stand up AWS or other cloud-based platform services in isolation or within product environments to test out a variety of solutions or concepts before developing production-ready solutions with the product teams. You can mentor and help junior team members grow as well as build trusted relationships within the team and across the organization. Ability to take on projects and drive them to conclusion while keeping the stakeholders up to date on progress or roadblocks. Capacity to create clear and concise documentation for many audiences including fellow team members, end-users and developers. BSci, MSci or PhD in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Previous experience working in a geographically distributed team. Experience in an Agile development environment. Experience in Machine Learning pipelines and data transformation (ETL). Experience in CICD and Monitoring software such as Prometheus, Sumologic, Datadog, Coralogix, Snowflake/Panther, Nagios, Jenkins, Splunk etc. Startup or CPG industry experience. Experience as a Software Developer or Software Development Mentor. More data than you could imagine to play with! Data that matters and that is shaping the impact of billion dollar brands. Brilliant, motivated and passionate colleagues with whom to spend your time. An inclusive and collaborative company culture- we work in an open environment while working together to get things done, and adapt to the changing needs as they come. Market competitive total compensation package. Volunteer time off and charitable donation matching. Regular hackathons to build your own projects and work with people across the entire company Strong support for career growth, including mentorship programs, leadership training, access to conferences and employee resource groups. Great benefits package including health/vision/dental, exceptional maternity leave coverage, unlimited PTO, flexible schedule, 401K/RRSPs matching and much more. 
ScrapedJobID793:
Aptitude in software development fundamentals Previous experience with web development or a strong desire to ramp up quickly on it (React, Node JS), A pragmatic viewpoint to deliver the simplest technical solution that meets the requirements, and not to use technology for the sake of it An openness to write code that conforms to the best practices and policies of a large software organization, not just your personal preferences A desire to take ownership and pride in everything you do and stand by what you deliver Readiness to hit the ground running – you may not know how to solve everything right off the bat, but you will put in the time and effort to understand so that you can The internship will be for a period of 12 or 16 months. Co-op or internship program enrollment is mandatory Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Coding across the entire stack – UI, Services and Data Unit testing, test-driven development and test automation engineering in a real-world SaaS environment Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) using Amazon Web Services (AWS) A technology toolbelt that includes leading edge languages and tools with knowledge on when and why to use them How to work as an individual contributor on a large software team How an SDLC (software development life cycle) works in industry and scales to large teams releasing multiple interrelated software component multiple times per day How to get your code into production to be used by real customers How to adopt industry best practices in all of your projects - TDD (test driven development), CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery), IaC (Infrastructure as Code), linting, static code analysis Software and system architecture best practices, such as a microservice architecture and serverless computing, that allows a complex business application to scale to millions of users in a cost-effective manner An agile development environment delivering software features to production every day Team lunches, team events, flexible work environment A relentless desire to continuously improve 
ScrapedJobID794:

ScrapedJobID795:
Troubleshooting processes and issues Receiving direction from multiple parties and correlating action items To prioritize dynamic tasks received during the workday. Acknowledge, analyze and validate incidents received through other reporting mechanisms such as email, phone calls, management directions, etc. Collection of necessary logs that could help in the incident containment and security investigation Escalate validated and confirmed incidents to SOC Analyst Undertake first stages of false positive and false negative analysis Track and update incidents and requests based on client’s updates and analysis results Properly log client requests and change requests Report infrastructure issues to the support team. Generate weekly reports and send it to SOC analysts for review 5+ years’ experience with exposure to OTT Video Engineering, Cloud solutions and to CDN Service/Content Providers Experience working with multiple monitoring systems (Newrelic, Conviva, telestream, Prometheus, Graffanna) and ability to visualize multiple inputs to single source Excellent problem solving, analytical, communication and documentation skills Flexibility to work weekends and holidays including evening or night shifts is mandatory Advanced User level understanding and experience with various Cloud solutions, cognitive services, Windows, Linux OS, network hardware and protocols, network storage systems, and apache web servers. High degree of familiarity in Kubernetes based architecture and ability to troubleshoot, analyze the below toolset
AKS, GKE, Cloud monitoring and log analytics systems
Couchbase, My SQL
Oryhydra, Istio, Envoy, AKS, GKE, Cloud monitoring and log analytics systems Couchbase, My SQL Oryhydra, Istio, Envoy, Graduate in computer science and certifications on Computer Systems, Systems Administration, network and storage administration Experience configuring and utilizing monitoring systems including Telestream, Cloud native services troubleshooting, Zabbix, 
ScrapedJobID796:
Works closely with a team of data engineers, software engineers, customer success managers, and research analysts in troubleshooting and providing operational support for the data pipelines and data delivery capabilities. Analyze data feeds or products and answer customer questions and suggest potential improvements to internal teams. Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues in data delivery systems. Setting up new live ongoing or trial data feeds for clients using the feed configurator and deliver through Snowflake or cloud buckets like S3. Converse effectively with upstream data providers and technology partners to identify, escalate and resolve potential data or processing issues timely. Effectively communicate findings, resolutions and recommendations to technical analysts on the client side. Document, track and escalate issues as appropriate. Contribute to BI dashboard projects to develop new dashboards to monitor and track data deliveries, participate in implementing client reporting best practices and be a champion of change. Manage support tickets using our JIRA based support ticket management system. Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it. Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in dataset deliveries to provide objective guidance to technology teams on how to improve the development. BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field 1+ years of SQL & Python experience Good consultative, customer focus & service skills are required Ability to manage multiple priorities and tasks, escalate or voice concerns or questions and exhibit strong people skills while maintaining high degree of accuracy and attention to details Ability to communicate your ideas (verbal and written) so that team members and clients can understand them Ability to learn quickly and contribute ideas that make the team, processes, and solutions better Passion for data and the insights it can deliver Deep skepticism of, and the ability to identify, false assumptions and faulty analysis You take ownership of your deliverables Excellent analytical communication and interpersonal skills You have excellent communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences Working with globally in different geographies You want to work in a small team with a startup mentality 
ScrapedJobID797:
Detailed Design – Producing system designs including block diagrams, process flow charts, simulation, writing of software, development of HMIs, and application of safety standards in context of complete system designs and detailed concepts developed by intermediate and senior staff. Assembly and Test – Hands-on work in a shop environment assisting with building, troubleshooting, and functional testing of software implementations on equipment. Document Writing – Responsible for the generation of detailed documentation of software and controls protocols written for projects Engineering Changes – Completion of updates and revisions to maintain and improve on existing documentation. Field Work – Traveling to client sites to commission, test and troubleshoot equipment. Standards – Ensuring department priorities are met related to safety, quality, production, and task delivery/completion. Mentoring – Providing design oversight, knowledge transfer, and coaching to other Engineering staff. Project Technical Lead – Reviewing quality of work, provide design oversight, task management and resource requests within a project setting. Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, computer science, or software engineering with focus on control systems development or equivalent technical degree. Minimum of 3 years of experience in developing embedded controls systems The following experience would be considered an asset:
Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF.
Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing
Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies
Systems engineering
Human/machine Interfaces
Cloud-based system implementation
Data analytics Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF. Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies Systems engineering Human/machine Interfaces Cloud-based system implementation Data analytics Strong electrical and technical inclination Exceptional communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Excellent attention to detail and accuracy Critical thinking and problem solving skills Self-motivated and capable of taking initiative to complete tasks Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong time management skills and the ability to work effectively under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose electrical systems. 
ScrapedJobID798:
Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of Instinet's services. Lead sustainable incident response, blameless postmortems, and production improvements Provide guidance to other team members on managing end-to-end availability and performance of mission critical services, on building automation to prevent problem recurrence, and on building automated responses for non-exceptional service conditions. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards, and to cultivate innovation and collaboration across multiple teams. Expert level operational and architecture knowledge of AWS services, as well as mapping to specific problem sets. 5+ years of experience in DevOps field to support scalable and reliable distributed applications; Configuration Management, application deployment, and intra-service orchestration experience using Ansible/Terraform/CloudFormation/Python Understanding of infrastructure concepts like network topologies, security, routing, load balancing, firewalls, and enterprise patterns Understanding of protocols like TCP/IP, SSH, RDP In depth knowledge of containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS, etc) Design/implement metrics in Prometheus, Grafana with external integrations Build Logging infrastructure (e.g ELK) Backend storage management and scaling Disaster Recovery and High Availability strategy Experience in managing production systems on a very large scale Experience working with relational, No-SQL, and Hadoop based systems 
ScrapedJobID799:

ScrapedJobID800:
Research, critically analyze and implement (build, train, evaluate and maintain) ML solutions. Developing scalable data models and ETL pipelines. Design, build, integrate data from various resources, and manage big datasets. Analyze data to identify potential problems and issues. Help develop techniques for supporting data governance, security, privacy and retention. Develop tools to help analyze and monitor datasets. Ensure the quality assurance and quality control of all data being processed. Automation of processing common data sources into existing data schemas and generation of reports and statistics. Development experience with Python. Experience with Jupyter Notebooks and data libraries like Pandas, Numpy and/or Spark. Experience working with classification problems and survival models. Experience with cloud services, cloud storage (s3, blob storage, etc.). Experience with ETL and data transformation and mappings. Experience building unit tests and pipelines for data. Experience with data storage technologies and formats, data modelling, and API integrations. Experience with financial lending models or similar Experience with explainable AI solutions Experience with serverless architectures. You are self-motivated and thrive in a high trust, fast-paced environment. You have analytical, critical thinking, quantitative reasoning, problem-solving skills with high attention to details and accuracy, You are confident in your abilities and drive results. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Python: 3 years (preferred) ML: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID801:
Understand and be able to improve upon the SDLC that our dev team currently has. Collaborate with IT teams from application development as well as infrastructure in order to ensure the smooth delivery of our team's technology needs. Conduct tasks related to feasibility studies, time and cost estimates, IT planning, risk technology, applications development, model development, and establish and implement new or revised applications systems and programs to meet specific business needs or user areas Monitor and control all phases of development process and analysis, design, construction, testing, and implementation as well as provide user and operational support on applications to business users Utilize in-depth specialty knowledge of applications development to analyze complex problems/issues, provide evaluation of business process, system process, and industry standards, and make evaluative judgement Recommend and develop security measures in post implementation analysis of business usage to ensure successful system design and functionality Consult with users/clients and other technology groups on issues, recommend advanced programming solutions, and install and assist customer exposure systems Ensure essential procedures are followed and help define operating standards and processes Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision. Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy. Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members. Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. 5-8 years of relevant experience 5+ years of strong experience working on RHEL5/6/7 or any Linux based OS Experience with monitoring and scheduling - ITRS , Autosys , Cron Experience with Kafka, OpenShift, Docker Experience in Dev Ops or systems analysis and programming of software applications Strong communicator with the ability to negotiate and collaborate with multiple teams who have competing priorities in order to accomplish goals Experience in managing and implementing successful projects Working knowledge of consulting/project management techniques/methods Ability to work under pressure and manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID802:
Design new application features and integrations in collaboration with team members to deliver complex changes Develop new software, coding and unit testing, as well as modifying existing software for enhancements, performance improvements, bug fixes Lead and drive all activities to integrate real and near-real time capabilities between new core product and other applications Automate processes within the development pipeline Stay current with trends, techniques, technology, advocate and share expertise with other team members and other factors impacting the job Proficient with Spring/Spring Boot Java API Development Angular development Proficient with SQL Leveraging and enhancing DevOps pipeline Knowledge of Kafka Working with large relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server) .Net development experience - C# ETL tool exposure (IBM DataStage is a plus) Cloud native application development – any or all of PCF, OpenShift, Azure Familiar with UNIX environments Experience with investment/banking industry Micro-service design and implementation A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
ScrapedJobID803:
Provide Sophos customers and partners with a world-class technical support experience within the defined parameters of the Support Runbook, with a focus on driving customer loyalty and advocacy. Answer questions, troubleshoot, and resolve issues reported by partners & customers; issues can include, but are not limited to: Installation issues, best practice configuration, network troubleshooting, Windows, Linux, Mac and Unix OS configuration. Provide Team Leader or Manager feedback on Technical Support procedures and policies, with the goal of improving overall customer experience, and team efficiency. Build a strong and demonstrable knowledge of our products. Collaborate with teammates, senior Support engineers, and other colleagues as necessary to ensure we provide the most ideal resolutions to partners and customers. Mentor and share information with colleagues to increase team competency and knowledge. Document helpful solutions, and work with the L0 team to share with our customers, partners, and colleagues via our self-help channels. Actively contribute to the ongoing improvement of the team by working with colleagues and managers to modify existing processes or develop new ones Demonstrable knowledge of fundamentals of Windows OS including how Portable Executables and Services load and execute. Knowledge of how the Windows registry works. Able to read and understand Windows events in Application, Windows, and Security Event stores. Understanding of the PC boot process from UEFI bootstrap through how the Windows OS loads. Understanding of the Windows Network stack and how network protocols operate (HTTP(s), DNS, IPv4 Subnetting, how ephemeral ports are assigned, DHCP). Understanding of .Net, Java, and other execution models in Windows Knowledge of Active Directory including GPOs, Domain Controller trust relationships, and LDAP. Demonstrates active listening skills Excellent Comprehension skills-ability to understand and process information quickly Excellent verbal and written communication skills, inspiring confidence while leading customers through the steps to resolve issues Fluency in English language is required Ability to give responses that are relevant to the questions Ability to give a comprehensive response Ability to share information in a clear and easy to understand the manner Ability to work under pressure Shows enthusiasm to learn new skills Respects commitments, has a high sense of integrity and work ethics Knows how to manage time efficiently Has good interpersonal skills Good persuasive skills Demonstrated self-starter who can adapt quickly between roles, duties and tasks Excellent problem solver who is able to break down complex technical scenarios into component parts and test where issues are generating from and able to isolate the root cause of the issue Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Masterclass and Calm 
ScrapedJobID804:
Lead testing Workday Talent functionality with particular focus on employee engagement & feedback. Build test methodology and test data set-up for configurations, business and transactional processing, web services and reporting. Grow as a functional domain and product specialist. Collaborate with Talent Product Managers and Developers on design and testing results. Think creatively and consider issues from a customer perspective, while bringing a pragmatic approach to solving issues. Act as customer advocate in understanding requirements, while guiding on principles in the development and quality release of Talent functionality. 5+ years’ experience working in Talent Management systems . Experience in functional end-to-end workflow testing, including test planning and execution. Creative and organized, with a dedicated customer approach. High degree of attention to detail, with an eagerness for troubleshooting and problem-solving. Hard-working and confident with the ability to work with different teams. A Talent professional, implementer or business analyst looking to transition into testing the design and configuration of enterprise applications. 
ScrapedJobID805:
Must have 5+ years of experience working in Agile development, application security, orDevOps role, with experience in the following technologies:
Containers (Docker, Kubernetes, or similar)
Infrastructure as code (Vagrant, Docker, Ansible, Chef, Terraform, or similar)
Continuous integration (Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson, or similar.)
Integration of Security testing tools into pipeline
Defect tracking (Jira, Bugzilla, ServiceNow , or similar.)
Source code management (GitLab, GitHub, BitBucket, or similar.)
QA Testing tools (nUnit, jUnit, Selenium, Cucumber, or similar.)
Application security testing tools (SAST, DAST, IAST, OSA, or similar.)
Cloud environment (GCP, AWS, Azure,or similar) Containers (Docker, Kubernetes, or similar) Infrastructure as code (Vagrant, Docker, Ansible, Chef, Terraform, or similar) Continuous integration (Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson, or similar.) Integration of Security testing tools into pipeline Defect tracking (Jira, Bugzilla, ServiceNow , or similar.) Source code management (GitLab, GitHub, BitBucket, or similar.) QA Testing tools (nUnit, jUnit, Selenium, Cucumber, or similar.) Application security testing tools (SAST, DAST, IAST, OSA, or similar.) Cloud environment (GCP, AWS, Azure,or similar) Must have 3+ years of experience in all of the following:
Developing enterprise applications or scripts (writing code)
Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to different CI/CD systems and leverage them for automation as needed
Performing manual application penetration testing
Performing manual security code reviews Developing enterprise applications or scripts (writing code) Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to different CI/CD systems and leverage them for automation as needed Performing manual application penetration testing Performing manual security code reviews Must hold or obtain within one year of hire or promotion one of the following certifications: CISM, GIAC, Open Group Certified Architect, CEH, CISSP. A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Provide technical leadership with respect to the development and execution of our key application security service offerings, including: conducting assessments of applications (web, cloud, mobile) using range of manual and automated penetration testing and source code review techniques; performing security architecture reviews of applications in design and production phases; identifying potential threats and attacks to applications systems through threat modeling; identifying security recommendations and aligning them to appropriate risk ranking systems; evaluating, developing; conducting the above with a specific focus on DevSecOps. Use current technology and tools to enhance the effectiveness of deliverables and services. 
ScrapedJobID806:
A wizard with Python or PowerShell development/scripting The go to person when it comes to communication software (Chat, voice and video) Have worked with Unified Communications software -MS Teams, Slack, Symphony, Skype or similar, in a Windows or Linux environment. You understand networking concepts - infrastructures, large multi -platform systems environments. 3+ years experience working with Python or PowerShell Maintained and improved communication software components using your programming and scripting skills Integrated collaborative communications software, i.e., MS Teams, Zoom, Skype, Slack and similar for an array of users. Worked with wireshark and network infrastructure tools Worked with the business teams as a system administrator Improve the way communications platforms interface with communication components like Teams, Symphony, Slack and Zoom Be the face for vendors and stakeholders concerning collaboration projects Bring to life the business communication technology plan Implement and maintain cloud and on premise security procedures Work in a fast paced environment Have fun! 
ScrapedJobID807:
Design and deploy functional networks (LAN, WLAN, WAN, SDWAN, NSX) Configure and install software, servers, routers, and other network devices as needed for both infrastructure and development projects Conduct research on network products, services, protocols, and standards to remain abreast of developments in the networking industry and how they pertain to our development and test processes. Oversee new and existing equipment, hardware, software upgrades, patch management. Practice network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory and related documentation and technical specifications information. Monitor and test network performance and provide network performance statistics and reports on a regular basis to (upper) management. Troubleshoot and resolve development lab tickets by troubleshooting issues that are perceived as network related in our development environments. Work with automation engineers to automate tasks and monitor their effectiveness Assist the IT security team in implementing and ensuring all proper security measures (e.g. access authentication and disaster recovery) are in place and working as expected with regards to our lab environments. Communicate with our customers at a high level around networking needs. Maintain complete technical documentation Suggest improvements to network performance, capacity and scalability and ability to plan and implement those changes Industry-related experience as a Sr. Network Engineer Professional certification (e.g. CCNP, CCDP, CCIE, Aruba certifications) Proven experience with network design and capacity planning, network security principles, and general network management best practices. In-depth understanding of communication protocols (mainly TCP/IP v4 and v6) and routing protocols. Previous experience working on HPe Procurve and Aruba switching and Fortigate firewalls strongly preferred. Experience with other vendors desired. Strong experience working in a VMWare environment – experience with NSX desirable. Experience using network emulation tools highly preferred (NetEM, kmax, CORE) Cloud networking experience desired. Familiarity with access control models, network security and BCP/DR design. Knowledge of coding languages for scripting (e.g Powershell, Python, Perl) Experience with network diagnostic, monitoring and analysis tools. Solid understanding of network operating systems Sharp troubleshooting skills Ability to work independently Organizational and mentoring skills Experience in the use of Confluence and Jira. BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field preferred. Competitive benefits program, a Group RRSP plan, fitness and commuting allowances Flexible working from home policy Flexible vacation policy, 13 company paid holidays, 10 paid sick days, and paid parental leave 
ScrapedJobID808:
Contribute to data pipelines by implementing a solid, robust, extensible design that supports key business flows. Perform data transformations to populate data-hub, data-lake, data warehouse, reporting databases and downstream data marts. Identify technical requirements and deliver solutions by establishing efficient design and programming patterns that meet Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and help manage the data platform. Find trends in data sets and develop algorithms to help make raw data more useful to the enterprise. Design, integrate and document technical components for seamless data extraction and analysis. Present insights on data and its quality via presentations, visualizations and whitepapers. Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related technical discipline. Five years of progressive experience performing relevant data transformation and engineering work, including: Three years of related experience in general data management, such as data architecture, integration, warehousing or analytics. Two years of experience with the Cloud. Working knowledge of Business Intelligence, Data Science and Machine Learning. Ability to write, analyze, and debug SQL queries (MS SQL, Sybase, PostgreSQL). Working knowledge of architecting efficient framework and optimization designs for analytics platforms, data warehouse design, virtualization, pipelines, ELT, ETL, SSIS packages. Working knowledge of Python, and ability to design and work with Hadoop, Hive, Sqoop, and/or Apache Spark. Working knowledge of DevOps, DataOps, and Git. Working knowledge of cloud platforms, Microsoft Azure or similar cloud-hosted databases such as AWS Redshift, Snowflake. Working knowledge of Tableau, PowerBI or similar BI tools. Monday to Friday Do you have working knowledge of Business Intelligence, Data Science and Machine Learning? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID809:
Security
Help maintains security policies and processes around Explorance’s software development.
Help manage the Security Assessment Tool backlog
Estimation and mitigation of security vulnerabilities
Oversee periodic monitoring and reviewing of audit software records to ensure that ongoing activities are appropriate and maintained.
Help facilitate and promote activities to foster the engineering department’s DevSecOps awareness
Serve as an information security consultant to the departments for all data security related issues. Help maintains security policies and processes around Explorance’s software development. Help manage the Security Assessment Tool backlog Estimation and mitigation of security vulnerabilities Oversee periodic monitoring and reviewing of audit software records to ensure that ongoing activities are appropriate and maintained. Help facilitate and promote activities to foster the engineering department’s DevSecOps awareness Serve as an information security consultant to the departments for all data security related issues. DEV
Help team development efforts towards successful project delivery.
Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits.
Collaborate with other software developers and software architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions.
Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards.
Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code.
Understand the solution code base and architecture;
Estimate effort for change requests and new features;
Develop new backend components on new features;
Perform pertinence and cost analysis of system mechanisms to support new feature sets; (e.g.: caching, indexing, queuing, persistence, CDNs, data-warehousing, etc.)
Analyze and document performance, security, confidentiality, integrity impacts of system changes;.
Implement automated system tests;
Perform data migrations, transformations and scripting;
Provide level 3 support, troubleshoot production issues and/or perform bug corrections;
Follow and participate to Explorance development / operations standards and guidelines;
Implementation of robust set of services, features, APIs that power our web products. Help team development efforts towards successful project delivery. Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits. Collaborate with other software developers and software architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions. Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards. Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code. Understand the solution code base and architecture; Estimate effort for change requests and new features; Develop new backend components on new features; Perform pertinence and cost analysis of system mechanisms to support new feature sets; (e.g.: caching, indexing, queuing, persistence, CDNs, data-warehousing, etc.) Analyze and document performance, security, confidentiality, integrity impacts of system changes;. Implement automated system tests; Perform data migrations, transformations and scripting; Provide level 3 support, troubleshoot production issues and/or perform bug corrections; Follow and participate to Explorance development / operations standards and guidelines; Implementation of robust set of services, features, APIs that power our web products. Ops
Configure and deploy our solution for existing and new customers;
Develop and maintain deployment automations;
Configure and maintain our CI pipelines;
**Administration/Monitoring of different servers in the cloud or on-premises
**Database (MSSQL) administration and maintenance
***Backups and restoration of Virtual Machines, Databases
Data migration, transformation, and scripting
Troubleshooting of infrastructure and product deployments
Investigation of new technologies to be applicable in Explorance DevOps processes Configure and deploy our solution for existing and new customers; Develop and maintain deployment automations; Configure and maintain our CI pipelines; **Administration/Monitoring of different servers in the cloud or on-premises **Database (MSSQL) administration and maintenance ***Backups and restoration of Virtual Machines, Databases Data migration, transformation, and scripting Troubleshooting of infrastructure and product deployments Investigation of new technologies to be applicable in Explorance DevOps processes Minimum of 2 years of successful in-depth knowledge and experience within the private and public Microsoft Azure cloud space. Minimum of 3 years of experience in DevSecOps practices. Able to work effectively across teams within Explorance and with partners to "make it happen" Good knowledge of infrastructure and networking security concepts Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Experience with configuration management software, source control software and job execution tools, preferably Git, Azure Devops; Have a good knowledge of CI/CD Pipelines and fundamentals Know how to adapt to a constantly evolving environment and like to bring forth new ideas. Have worked on production product compliance, certifications, and audits including security Experience with infrastructure as code tools in the likes of Terraform; Knowledge of Powershell and Azure CLI scripting Knowledge of Web server technologies like IIS Knowledge Certificate and Key vaults management Knowledge SSO Concepts and Bearer token flows Knowledge of C# and Python would be a plus Docker Concepts Knowledge of dockerized containers and "everything-as-code" Methodologies would be a plus 
ScrapedJobID810:
Develop and debug embedded software and firmware. Lead and coordinate trouble shooting activities with software and hardware engineer. Design and develop all of software and work closely with R&D engineers to quickly prototype, design, and implement new ideas. Generate documentation and technical/functional specifications as needed. Develop a rigorous testing strategy to ensure code is robust and secure. Optimizing product performance to meet design criteria. Writing technical specifications and reports. Preparing sub-systems block diagrams and functional schematics. Producing test protocols; perform tests and analyze results to prove compliance with all design/performance and requirements. Follow full life-cycle of product development process. At least 2-years work experience in embedded software development. Bachelor, or master’s Degree in electrical engineering or Computer Science. Strong embedded C programming experience. Knowledge and experience with microcontrollers (ARM platform) Experience with C coding for low-level hardware blocks like SPI, I2C, UART, PWM, etc. Ability to read hardware schematics and estimate the firmware required to control it. Excellent problem-solving abilities and diagnostic skills, in a fast-paced environment. Experience with project management or hold PMP certification RTOS such as FreeRTOS and Open RTOS Eclips IDE Reading Schematic/PCB Lower level software (Bootloader) Peripheral device interface and driver I2C/U(S)ART/SPI/GPIO/PCM/I2S/PWM Audio AT command GPS(GNSS), Bluetooth, Sub GHz RF, 3G and LTE Module, motion Sensors Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Embedded firmware: 1 year (preferred) C programming: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID811:
Develop hardware schematic and PCB layout with Altium design Develop system/board architecture and execute implementation Evaluation and assistance with qualification of new and alternate components Evaluate and select components and support component qualification Develop engineering documentation Design and implement firmware on embedded devices (ARM Cortex M0-M3-M4) Design, develop, code, test, verify and debug system software Develop design files (schematic entry, source code, etc.) to implement the designs Support the board layout activities and HW/SW integration activities Research and investigate electronic components for obsolescence issues, alternates, cost, environmental characteristics, and revisions Provide production and post-production support Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering or equivalent work experience Minimum 1 year experience in Schematic and PCB Design Excellent Working knowledge of Altium Designer One year of experience in developing with a product team. Experience in hands-on development and troubleshooting with embedded devices, including design and manufacture verification and board bring-up Solid low-level programming experience with C/C++ Solid understanding of Sub 1GHz and 2.4GHz wireless connectivity Solid understanding of ARM microcontrollers and their system architecture & internals, Interrupts, scheduling, synchronization, asynchronous processing and RTOS Familiarity with ticket tracking tools, code review, unit testing, continuous integration, source control (GIT), and other tools for modern software development. Ability to learn quickly and adapt easily to new code bases Experience with optimizing code size for embedded systems Experience reading hardware schematics and doing board bring up Experience with Bluetooth Low Energy Prior experience on health care hardware platforms Experience with sensors or sensor sampling, such as accelerometers RF programming experience in Bluetooth (Broadcom, CSR, Nordic, ST, TI) 
ScrapedJobID812:
Total Years of Technical Experience: 10+ Position Specific Experience: 4+ Mentorship/Leads by Example Experience: 4+ Project/ Client Engagement/ Customer Facing Experience: 4+ Maintaining and troubleshooting complex routing and switching environments Maintaining and troubleshooting Networking aspects of Cloud Computer environments like Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud Network Technology SME Maintaining and troubleshooting Load Balancer and Web Application Firewall (WAF) Advanced Firewall support experience Experience with Cisco ASR9000, ASR920, Nexus 9000, 7000, 5000 and 2000 platforms Able to reverse-engineer customer networks to resolve issues with limited documentation. Advanced knowledge in authentication technologies such as LDAP, RADIUS, TACACS Technical leadership Verbal Communication: Advanced Written Communication: Advanced Customer Service: Advanced Presentation Communication: Advanced Analytical/Problem Solving: Advanced Mentoring: Advanced Influence/Persuasion/Forward Thinking: Advanced Executive Level Presence: Intermediate Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience is required ITIL, CCNP Route/Switch + Additional CCNA or alternate vendor equivalent Microsoft Certified: Azure Network Engineer Associate or 2+ years demonstrated experience with Azure 
ScrapedJobID813:
Enjoy working collaboratively in an empowered, small, cross-functional team Experience working in an agile and fast-paced development environment (e.g. TDD, BDD, Agile, pair programming, etc.) A passion for code quality demonstrated by thorough testing A desire to be hands-on in designing and writing code Curiosity and internal motivation to constantly improve Ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment Excellent communication skills, comfort level to speak their mind and defend ideas based on merit, yet humility and hunger to learn from others Proficiency with web technologies, including JavaScript (ECMAScript 6+), HTML5, CSS Strong experience in market-leading JavaScript frameworks such as, React.js (preferred), Angular, etc. Experience working in an Agile work environment and knowledge of Agile methodologies. Experience in developing responsive applications with good architecture and UX. Strong experience in contributing to architecture, design, and implementation of products Expert at writing unit tests and testable components. Experience building E2E automation scripts and tools to support the CI &CD pipeline. Expert in design patterns and best coding practices. Clear written communication and documentation skills. Ability to mentor less experienced engineers An aptitude for continuous learning and exploration of new technologies. A typical candidate has a Computer Science degree or equivalent. 
ScrapedJobID814:
Build up optical test beds to qualify pluggable optical transceivers Foster constructive and collaborative relationships with external suppliers Work with Hardware and Software teams, Product Line Management, and Compliance team to understand internal requirements Work with Procurement, Business Development, and Commodity management to select external suppliers to meet Nokia’s request Assist the development of specifications for optical modules Plan and execute design verification testing Minimum B.Sc or B.Eng in Electrical or Computer Engineering or Applied Physics 2+ years of related industry experience Fluent programming ability in Python, LabVIEW, MATLAB, or similar Solid experience and knowledge in the integration and qualification of various photonic components, particularly high-speed pluggable optical transceivers Working knowledge on various instruments like bit error rate tester, network traffic analyzer, digital communication analyzer, real time oscilloscope, and optical spectrum analyzer Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills 5+ years of hands-on experience with network equipment or optical transport systems from vendors like: Nokia, Juniper, Cisco, Infinera, Ciena, etc. Familiar with testing methods and specifications for NRZ / PAM4 signalling Conversant with IEEE 802.3 standards, OIF implementation agreements, and MSA specifications Comprehensive knowledge of coherent optical transceivers Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with competing priorities. 
ScrapedJobID815:
Creating well-designed, documented, and tested software and infrastructure solutions in AWS that meet customer requirements Designing and developing solutions for AWS migrations, containerization, and transformation tools and projects to customers and internal teams Writing infrastructure as code (CloudFormation, Terraform) Serving as a technical mentor to other team members Serving as escalation for AWS environment troubleshooting Identifying and addressing bugs, deficiencies, and performance bottlenecks Participating in an agile delivery team, helping to ensure the technical quality of the features delivered across the team, including documentation, testing strategies, and code Leading and presenting technology discussions to client Helping to determine technical feasibility of solutions for business requirements Meeting customer SLAs and managing communication in case of issues Configuring and maintaining backup, monitoring, and alerting systems for multiple clients Interacting with teams and customers in different time zones for ensuring 24×7 support Developing advanced Linux/Windows deployment and management automation (Bash/PowerShell/Python/Chef/Ansible) Remaining up-to-date on emerging technologies and architecture and propose ways to use them in current and upcoming projects Proficient in networking and security Advanced expertise of common AWS services (EC2, RDS, S3, VPC, CloudFormation etc.) with comfort in AWS serverless technologies (Lambda, Cognito, API Gateway) Service architecture and advanced container experience in Docker and / or Kubernetes Experience with CI/CD and code management tools (Git, TFS, Jenkins etc.) Extensive experience with CloudFormation or Terraform In-depth knowledgeable of configuration management frameworks such as Puppet, Chef or Ansible Able to comfortably lead team and customer technical and demo sessions Experience leading and mentoring engineers Experience in performance management of database engines (MySQL, MSSQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, MongoDB, ElasticSearch) Some experience with any of the following C#, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go 1 to 2 industry recognized certifications (AWS, Kubernetes, Chef, Microsoft, etc) Knowledge of regulatory frameworks and their impact on design considerations (HIPAA, PCI, ITAR, etc) This is a virtual /remote role in Canada 
ScrapedJobID816:
Assist Prophix’ sales, business development and marketing teams as the subject matter expert for Prophix’ Corporate Performance Management (CPM) solution Use market and technical knowledge to consult on best practices and provide direction to customers / prospects on how they can achieve their goals & objectives with Prophix’ software and services Lead discussions in the areas of Corporate Performance Management (CPM), Extract Transform and Load (ETL), Databases, and Cloud Architecture – gaining confidence and mindshare within accounts & opportunities Create tailored presentations, demonstrations and proof of concepts showcasing our product to help execute on the technical aspects of the account strategy Communicate customer’s business and technical requirements to our Professional Services team to ensure a smooth transition to post-sales Act as a consultant and advisor bringing a customer facing perspective to internal teams and convey feedback to product management, product marketing and research & development teams Successful completion of a Post-Secondary Degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering Business or related field 2 to 4 years of consulting, implementation services, business / systems analyst, pre-sales and / or financial systems experience Broad understanding of Enterprise and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) architectures Working knowledge of Single Page Applications (SPA) and RESTful APIs Understanding of Relational (RDBMS / OLTP) and Multi-Dimensional Databases (OLAP) Practical experience with SQL, MDX, and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) processes Proven ability to quickly learn new technology, its benefits, and how it can be leveraged to achieve business goals & objectives In-depth knowledge of Excel is a plus Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Demonstrated experience designing re-usable processes & solutions (e.g. Excel models, automation scripts, ETL processes, etc.) Academic or practical knowledge of Accounting and/or Financial concepts (e.g. planning, budgeting, forecasting, consolidations and reporting) is preferred Previous experience with BI tools, EPM / CPM solutions and/or data warehousing is an asset Able to clearly articulate concepts and business benefits to technical and non-technical audiences Confidence and ability to converse with different levels of an organization, including C-Level Gather and understand business requirements, current challenges and propose solutions Natural presenter with great interpersonal skills and comfortable in the spotlight You have a thirst for knowledge and enjoy researching and uncovering solutions to problems Excellent oral and written communication 
ScrapedJobID817:

ScrapedJobID818:
We offer flexibility We offer a diverse work environment Futureproof your career with a job in information security Design and develop new features, in Java, JS/JQuery or, SQL. Design and code unit tests in Java to verify functionality of Entrust software Build with tools such as Jira, Confluence, JFrog Artifactory, BitBucket, Swagger and other open source tools Set up local development environment running SpringBoot and Apache. Enrolled in an undergraduate Computer Science or Software Engineering program Completed at least two years of course work in your current program Good with details, time management and planning. Great at communications and writing. Can coordinate your activities within a team of energetic developers. Always consider the customer’s point of view. You have learned to program in several different languages You are comfortable working with Windows and the Unix/Linux family of operating systems You understand object-oriented design and apply design patterns You have used tools to manage, build, and test code that you have written. Familiarity with Cloud – AWS, Kubernetes, and Dockers would be an asset Leader in the security industry Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams Opportunities for on-the-job training You’ll help secure identities! 
ScrapedJobID819:
Implement technical solutions and tools to help detect and mitigate security vulnerabilities. Review, develop and implement security measures in our CI/CD pipeline to detect security issues before they are deployed. Support external security programs such as audit, compliance and penetration testing. Identify threats and develop suitable defense measures, evaluate system changes for security implications, and recommend enhancements. Understand common attack scenarios within cloud computing environments and ability to stay abreast of changing security threats, techniques and tactics. Experience with continuous automated penetration and vulnerability testing with tools such as Metasploit, ZAP/BurpSuit and Gauntlt. Familiarity with common security controls/frameworks (NIST, PCI DSS, SOC2 or CSA-CCM) and libraries(OWASP-SKF & OWASP Dependency-Check). Development experience in languages such as Ruby, Python or Go. Experience with OWASP Static/Dynamic analysis, and other common security tools. A good understanding of network protocols (such as TCP/IP, UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS). Familiarity with cloud security controls and best practices. Experience with common DevOps tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible and Terraform (or similar). Experience with cloud native security tools such as Snyk, Falco, ThreatStack and KMS. Good understanding of AWS networking and security internals and tools such as VPC, ELB, Route53, WAF and others. Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) in an AWS cloud-based environment. Generous PTO and competitive pay Fullscript’s RRSP match program for financial health Flexible benefits package and workplace wellness program Training budget and company-wide learning initiatives Discount on Fullscript catalog of products Ability to work Wherever You Work Well* Our Wherever You Work Well philosophy means Fullscript teammates get to pick their own office — whether that’s in-office, at home, or a bit of both. 
ScrapedJobID820:
Aid current state assessments by collecting information on data sources, data flows, data transformations, and data delivery timelines Proactively analyze data flows to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity Collaborate with team members and client stakeholders to understand data engineering needs and deliver solutions Produce project deliverables that may include ETL processes, stored procedures, data integration solutions, documentation, and job orchestration Trace data requirements, data sources, and data flows for data engineering processes Apply best practices Possess strong business knowledge of the investment management industry and common data management operations Data modelling expertise for investment data domains, such as security master, accounts, holdings, transactions, etc. Experience creating ETL solutions using a leading ETL tool or data management platform Strong hands-on SQL and programming skills with the ability to learn other tools Expertise with relational databases, Snowflake, data lakes, JSON, XML, document stores, and REST web services Familiarity with data management best practices and patterns Experience with building cloud solutions, preferably on Azure DevOps and agile delivery experience, preferably DataOps Experience with DBT, Power BI, PowerShell, and Python is desired Experience with Bloomberg, FactSet, Salesforce, Seismic, and Vermillion is desired Bachelor’s degree required 
ScrapedJobID821:
Detailed Design – Producing system designs including block diagrams, process flow charts, simulation, writing of software, development of HMIs, and application of safety standards in context of complete system designs and detailed concepts developed by intermediate and senior staff. Assembly and Test – Hands-on work in a shop environment assisting with building, troubleshooting, and functional testing of software implementations on equipment. Document Writing – Responsible for the generation of detailed documentation of software and controls protocols written for projects Engineering Changes – Completion of updates and revisions to maintain and improve on existing documentation. Field Work – Traveling to client sites to commission, test and troubleshoot equipment. Standards – Ensuring department priorities are met related to safety, quality, production, and task delivery/completion. Mentoring – Providing design oversight, knowledge transfer, and coaching to other Engineering staff. Project Technical Lead – Reviewing quality of work, provide design oversight, task management and resource requests within a project setting. Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, computer science, or software engineering with focus on control systems development or equivalent technical degree. Minimum of 3 years of experience in developing embedded controls systems The following experience would be considered an asset:
Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF.
Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing
Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies
Systems engineering
Human/machine Interfaces
Cloud-based system implementation
Data analytics Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF. Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies Systems engineering Human/machine Interfaces Cloud-based system implementation Data analytics Strong electrical and technical inclination Exceptional communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Excellent attention to detail and accuracy Critical thinking and problem solving skills Self-motivated and capable of taking initiative to complete tasks Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong time management skills and the ability to work effectively under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose electrical systems. 
ScrapedJobID822:
Function as the Single Point of Accountability (SPOA) between the Customer Success Team and our clients’ senior operational management and executive. Establish and nurture strategic partnerships with internal teams and external service partners to ensure customer success. Have a passion to build and maintain strong, authentic and honest client relationships. Provide client advice and support to ensure success. Set realistic client expectations by being transparent about challenges and obstacles. Focus on continual service improvement in support of the client's strategic direction, success and business plan. Perform client reviews; manage investigations, escalations and post-Incident reports. Advocate for your clients by championing continuous improvement initiatives and proactively communicating with diverse stakeholders to improve service delivery and resolve issues. Engage subject matter experts to define scope and pricing of additional services to meet unique client needs. Keep our customers informed of new features that may be of interest to them. Monitor adoption; gather and respond to customer feedback. Strong leadership attributes and abilities: Collaboration, communication, creative thinking and decision-making skills. Business acumen, including an understanding of healthcare issues. Highly motivated and self-sufficient, able to work successfully under pressure and in the face of ambiguity – proactively identify when it is necessary to take certain steps and move ahead with confidence. A passion and drive to improve the success of connecting people with healthcare. Process creation and Improvement Experience with CRM tools Experience with Project Management tools and processes 
ScrapedJobID823:

ScrapedJobID824:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID825:
Expert Cloud developer/Engineer with robust technical design capabilities and knowledge implementing design patterns. Working experience in AWS Serverless architecture using Node JS / Python, Lambda, API Gateway, ALB/ELB Knowledge of Identity Access Management, Cross account S3/KMS access management Hands on programming experience using Node JS, Python Deep understanding of infrastructure as code using AWS Cloud Formation, CFN Stack Sets, CDK Hands on experience with CI/CD technologies -AWS Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Bit bucket Hands on experience with AWS Service Catalog Working experience of automation & management of multi-account environment Hands on experience with container orchestration technologies -AWS ECS, AWS Fargate, Kubernetes Familiarity of Egress/Ingress access patterns including approved networking patterns across VPCs and Regions, private links, patterns/ configurations related to Route 53, CloudFront, ALB, and subnets for SaaS Products Experience in logging & monitoring. Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID826:
Design, build, and maintain the core CI/CD tooling used by all of our client development teams Streamline deployments for multiple projects across different software branches and sandbox environments Work with our existing build scripts, implementing performance improvements and experimenting with new technologies Configure and maintain CI/CD and testing infrastructure Optimizing build times to improve build efficiency for multiple teams Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience Experience with Jenkins and Groovy scripting Ability to write, integrate, and maintain pipelines for CI/CD Ability to design and implement modular and easily extensible solutions Strong understanding of software engineering methodologies and bring a well-adapted approach to testing and driving reductions in technical debt Ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner Strong written and verbal communication skills Development experience on mobile platforms (iOS/Android) and/or Windows Experience with JavaScript Experience with AWS or other cloud platforms Experience using Docker and Kubernetes Direct identifiers such as your first and last name.
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport #.
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport #. Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. Sensitive/Protected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 
ScrapedJobID827:
Gather business and functional requirements and translate these requirements into robust, scalable, operable solutions with a flexible and adaptable data architecture Collaborate with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increasing data accessibility and fostering data-driven decision making across the organization Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it Write unit/integration tests, contribute to engineering wiki, and document work Perform data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues Design data integrations and data quality framework Work closely with all business units and engineering teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture Develop CI/CD pipelines and testing automation Develop, refine and educate the data community on coding standards and best practices 3+ years of experience with demonstrated strength in ETL/ELT, data modeling, data warehouse technical architecture, infrastructure components and reporting/analytic tools 3+ years of hands-on experience in writing complex, highly optimized SQL queries across large data sets 3+ years of experience in scripting languages like Python etc. Experience building code-driven infrastructure on public cloud platforms, preferably AWS Understanding of SQL, dimensional modeling, and analytical data warehouses, like Snowflake Experience with automation frameworks/tools like Git, Jenkins, Ansible, and Terraform A Bachelor's degree in a quantitative/technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering) or equivalent industry experience Experience architecting data lake and cloud data warehouses A product-focused mindset with ability to understand business requirements and architect systems that will scale and extend to accommodate those needs 
ScrapedJobID828:
Act as ultimate escalation point for complex or critical issues at OCI and OCI-C / database / Application / Operating systems / network / devops and infrastructure areas. Utilize a deep understanding of service topology and the dependencies required to troubleshoot issues and define mitigations. Role is not limited to database and infrastructure, understating of the application interaction with Database and product, and troubleshoot application issues Backup, Restore and recover databases Design scalable Golden Gate based reporting solutions for multiple SaaS properties Design, automate Disaster Recovery and standardize them to support multiple SaaS properties Work on Deep SQL Optimization, database parameter optimization Use your experience and wisdom from building & running systems and infrastructures as a multiplier to drive operational improvements to support our customers infrastructure. Optimize Oracle Cloud Infrastructure for maximum performance, scalability and reliability. Identify problems and/or opportunities for customer cloud infrastructure support. Use your excellent written & oral communication skills to communicate our customers effectively. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. 10+ years of experience in Database Administrator 5+ years of experience in compute, network, storage troubleshooting for improving capacity, reliability, scalability, availability working as a site reliability engineer 5+ years of experience to manage and lead the complex performance, sql, environment optimization and stability projects on cloud scale 5+ years of experience to manage Exadata systems Experience working with Oracle ATP databases 2+ years of experience with designing / implementing and updating Golden Gate micro service environments Solid Experience on Grid / ASM outage handling, Database outage handling, RMAN, Datagaurd, RAC 2+ years of experience on Oracle OCI Proficient in cloud infrastructure technologies and automation. System Administration including Linux / windows internals, TCP/IP, DNS, Load balancing technologies. Installing and configuring application / database servers. Infrastructure automation through Terraform, Ansible, Salt Experience with Cloud Orchestration frameworks, development and SRE support of these systems Experience working with fault tolerant, highly available, high throughput, distributed, scalable production systems. Ability to come with best solution by capturing big picture instead of focusing on minor details and root cause analysis. Aptitude to be a good team player and the desire to learn and implement new Cloud technologies. 2+ years of experience with Prometheus related monitoring experience 2+ years of experience with Application Admin support 2+ years of experience with Python code development / Support Experience with other Cloud offerings Cloud Certifications - OCI Certified Professional Preferred Cloud Certifications - OCI Certified Associate must Database Administrator Certification in past 5 years OS Certifications - OEL certified, RHCE certified Preferred Security Certifications - Cloud security certs Preferred M.S / B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or related areas is preferred 
ScrapedJobID829:
Involvement in the integration of a prototype IC FW/HW into a complete SoC solution. This includes working with prototype boards, ICs, FW and SW to bring-up entire system level solution to life and enable its further FW development and testing. Working as part of a team to develop, execute and document a series of feature tests that will fully validate the operation of the SoC as part of the overall product. These feature tests will exercise the various functional blocks of an IC and associated FW/SW to ensure all components and overall SoC is functioning per design specs, achieves expected performance and meets industry standards. Troubleshooting and resolving complex problems in embedded multi-core SoCs. Developing FW for SoC test infrastructure and test cases. Building intended use model system solutions and utilizing them in end to end system level testing. Scripting for automated control of the test infrastructure. Designing complex validation boards utilizing Microchip and third party IC's. Designing and coding of CPLDs and FGPAs residing on validation boards Learning and dynamically applying knowledge of the SoC, protocols and standards Effectively presenting technical information to small teams of engineers Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Science 0-2 years of relevant industry experience including co-op placements or internships Strong knowledge of C, C++ programming and scripting language such as Tcl/Tk, Python, Perl Strong knowledge of Data Communication and Digital Design theory Strong knowledge of circuit theory, computer architecture and high-speed signal fundamentals Experience working in a lab environment and knowledge of relevant test equipment and protocol analyzers. Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong communications and interpersonal skills Ability to quickly learn new technologies and standards Experience with PCIe, NVMe, SAS, SATA or similar interfaces is an asset. Knowledge and prior validation experience in this area at the electrical and/or protocol levels. 
ScrapedJobID830:
Security
Help maintains security policies and processes around Explorance’s software development.
Help manage the Security Assessment Tool backlog
Estimation and mitigation of security vulnerabilities
Oversee periodic monitoring and reviewing of audit software records to ensure that ongoing activities are appropriate and maintained.
Help facilitate and promote activities to foster the engineering department’s DevSecOps awareness
Serve as an information security consultant to the departments for all data security related issues. Help maintains security policies and processes around Explorance’s software development. Help manage the Security Assessment Tool backlog Estimation and mitigation of security vulnerabilities Oversee periodic monitoring and reviewing of audit software records to ensure that ongoing activities are appropriate and maintained. Help facilitate and promote activities to foster the engineering department’s DevSecOps awareness Serve as an information security consultant to the departments for all data security related issues. DEV
Help team development efforts towards successful project delivery.
Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits.
Collaborate with other software developers and software architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions.
Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards.
Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code.
Understand the solution code base and architecture;
Estimate effort for change requests and new features;
Develop new backend components on new features;
Perform pertinence and cost analysis of system mechanisms to support new feature sets; (e.g.: caching, indexing, queuing, persistence, CDNs, data-warehousing, etc.)
Analyze and document performance, security, confidentiality, integrity impacts of system changes;.
Implement automated system tests;
Perform data migrations, transformations and scripting;
Provide level 3 support, troubleshoot production issues and/or perform bug corrections;
Follow and participate to Explorance development / operations standards and guidelines;
Implementation of robust set of services, features, APIs that power our web products. Help team development efforts towards successful project delivery. Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits. Collaborate with other software developers and software architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions. Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards. Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code. Understand the solution code base and architecture; Estimate effort for change requests and new features; Develop new backend components on new features; Perform pertinence and cost analysis of system mechanisms to support new feature sets; (e.g.: caching, indexing, queuing, persistence, CDNs, data-warehousing, etc.) Analyze and document performance, security, confidentiality, integrity impacts of system changes;. Implement automated system tests; Perform data migrations, transformations and scripting; Provide level 3 support, troubleshoot production issues and/or perform bug corrections; Follow and participate to Explorance development / operations standards and guidelines; Implementation of robust set of services, features, APIs that power our web products. Ops
Configure and deploy our solution for existing and new customers;
Develop and maintain deployment automations;
Configure and maintain our CI pipelines;
**Administration/Monitoring of different servers in the cloud or on-premises
**Database (MSSQL) administration and maintenance
***Backups and restoration of Virtual Machines, Databases
Data migration, transformation, and scripting
Troubleshooting of infrastructure and product deployments
Investigation of new technologies to be applicable in Explorance DevOps processes Configure and deploy our solution for existing and new customers; Develop and maintain deployment automations; Configure and maintain our CI pipelines; **Administration/Monitoring of different servers in the cloud or on-premises **Database (MSSQL) administration and maintenance ***Backups and restoration of Virtual Machines, Databases Data migration, transformation, and scripting Troubleshooting of infrastructure and product deployments Investigation of new technologies to be applicable in Explorance DevOps processes Minimum of 2 years of successful in-depth knowledge and experience within the private and public Microsoft Azure cloud space. Minimum of 3 years of experience in DevSecOps practices. Able to work effectively across teams within Explorance and with partners to "make it happen" Good knowledge of infrastructure and networking security concepts Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Experience with configuration management software, source control software and job execution tools, preferably Git, Azure Devops; Have a good knowledge of CI/CD Pipelines and fundamentals Know how to adapt to a constantly evolving environment and like to bring forth new ideas. Have worked on production product compliance, certifications, and audits including security Experience with infrastructure as code tools in the likes of Terraform; Knowledge of Powershell and Azure CLI scripting Knowledge of Web server technologies like IIS Knowledge Certificate and Key vaults management Knowledge SSO Concepts and Bearer token flows Knowledge of C# and Python would be a plus Docker Concepts Knowledge of dockerized containers and "everything-as-code" Methodologies would be a plus 
ScrapedJobID831:
Understand the business drivers and analytical use-cases and translate these to data products Explore new technologies and learn new techniques to solve business problems creatively Think big and drive the strategy for better data quality within Pinterest Design, implement and maintain pipelines that produce business critical data reliably and efficiently using cloud technology Become the voice of business within engineering, and of engineering within business Create data visualizations that allow easy consumption of the data learnings and insights Collaborate with many teams from Product, Engineering and Business to produce relevant data solutions that can be used across multiple use cases Over 5 years of experience with big data (Hadoop, Hive, Presto, Spark, SparkSQL), scripting language (Python) and data visualization (Tableau) technologies Hands-on experience in principled data warehouse design, data visualization and data pipeline design and development Prior experience working with business stakeholders in the technology space is a plus Great communication skills. You should be able to directly communicate with senior business leaders, embed yourself with business teams, and present solutions to business stakeholders Experience in working independently and driving projects end to end Strong analytical skills 
ScrapedJobID832:
Support Field Sales Efforts: Perform technical qualification and solutions consulting for prospects by developing a thorough understanding of their business and technical requirements. Act as Technical Product Expert: Continuously learn the platform capabilities in-depth, and use that knowledge to provide real-time expert guidance on its applicability to customer ecosystems and use cases. Service Modelling and Design: Analyze urban/rural areas (density, road network, etc.), travel patterns, user profiles, demand data, client requirements, and design on-demand transit services that leverage the RideCo platform and are superior to existing transportation options, highlighting expected KPIs and Service Level parameters. Solution Presentations: You will combine your technical breadth and creative mind to create and present compelling solution overviews and demonstrations that convey the value of the RideCo platform and the service model design in a manner that is relevant to the prospective client, and easy to understand. Transition Closed Business To Customer Success: Use technical documentation and associated processes to migrate new business opportunities from pre-sales to post-sales. Collect and Share Lessons Learned: Share critical technical experience with the rest of the Presales, Product, Marketing, and Solutions Engineering teams, both formally and informally. RFPs and RFIs: Responsible for responding to technical and solution related aspects of prospect RFI’s and RFP’s 2+ years of experience in a Technical Sales role, or an implementation role(s) at a SaaS company Proven track record telling great stories, taking pleasure from explaining complex concepts in simple language that is easily digestible while articulating key differentiators Impressive communication and writing experience demonstrated through a portfolio of presentations, case studies, proposals, pitch decks, blogs, infographics, or videos Demonstrated ability to present to technical audiences and be able to handle objections on the fly. Tools: Proficient in Excel and Microsoft Office tools. Experience working with business intelligence or visualization tools such as Tableau / SAS / Cognos Willing to travel at least 15% of working time, as needed Education: Degree in engineering, business, marketing, or related discipline Location: Based in Waterloo, Ontario Base Salary: $100K - $130K + performance-based bonus Benefits Plan: Dental, prescription, disability, massage, and more Work-Life Balance: Flex time, work from home, vacation time 
ScrapedJobID833:
Have experience using, designing, and supporting software platforms. Enjoy solving complex problems requiring tight collaboration with other teams. Operate as a generalist, working across many different technical domains, picking up skills as need. Have a passion for enabling people to do their best work and a laser-focus on the end-user experience. Have designed developer tools on web pages, command lines, and/or APIs. Have a good understanding of Kubernetes and/or other Cloud Native technologies. LOCATIONS: San Francisco, CA Austin, TX Seattle, WA VANCOUVER, BC - CANADA 
ScrapedJobID834:
Responsible for the customer support experience with Microsoft Own, troubleshoot and solve customer technical issues, using collaboration, troubleshooting best practices and transparency within and across teams (e.g. swarming) Identify cases that require escalation (either technically or strategically) Create and maintain incident management requests to product group or engineering group Contribute to case deflection initiatives, automation and other digital self-help assets to improve customer and engineer experience Provide ramp activities, knowledge sharing, technical coaching and mentoring Drive technical collaboration and engagement outside of CSS (Product Engineering teams, Services, Support, Regions) Lead or participate in building communities with peer delivery roles; may be workload or specialty specific 2+ years of experience in technical /product /software support, systems development, network operations, IT admin, IT consulting, or any customer-facing work experience 2+ years of strong technical troubleshooting experience 2+ years' experience in system development, network operations, software support or I.T. consulting 2+ year’s industry experience with network operating systems (preferred) and Database or SQL (preferred). 
ScrapedJobID835:
As a Product Support Engineer, you will be responsible for ideation, requirements definition, and overall roadmap for a product or set of products, and working closely with a talented team of developers to deliver these to our customers. You will have the opportunity to work alongside Appficiency leadership to shape the latest product builds that will create new market opportunities You will make data-driven prioritization decisions and trade-offs to shape the roadmap Working with various departments and customer types, you will serve as the voice of the customer, collecting data and insights to inform your product design and development by communicating solutions to developers clearly and concisely, and ensuring projects are delivered on-time as per specifications You should be comfortable being first level of QA on new development and be able to demonstrate the nuances of the product at any time Delivery quarterly reviews and other documentation/reporting to Senior Management Be the solutions’ expert for Appficiency products, updating documentations, training others on the product, product certification, maintenance and upkeep Proven ability to quickly deep dive and become an industry expert in a complex field 3-5 years in enterprise or technical product management, preferably at a high growth tech company Strong strategic thinking skills and data driven problem solving Detail oriented and insists on high standards for product development Experience in Managing Software As A Service (SAAS) implementations Proven track record of developing and maintaining profitable and reference-able customer relationships Ability to think strategically and align client business pain points to solution options and implementation approach Proactive/self-driven 
ScrapedJobID836:
2-3+ years software engineering experience. Excellent verbal and written communication. Experience with Java Microservices, ELK and RDS/Postgres. Make key architectural decisions to build our Saas platform in a near-greenfield environment. Play a critical role working with the team to architect, design, develop and deliver innovative solutions. Work and collaborate with insurance product team, UI engineers and data science, machine learning team. Actively participate in a highly collaborative agile development process to achieve cost, quality and delivery objectives. Continuously deploy software in containerized micro-services running on public cloud infrastructure Experience working on Software as a Service products. Experience with Kafka. Experience building cloud-based RESTful applications with JSON, and an aptitude for best practices in designing RESTful APIs. Experience with continuous integration and automated testing. We are certified as a Great Place to Work. Nationwide medical, dental and vision coverage plus life insurance, long term disability and flexible spending accounts. 401K matching. Employee equity plan for all and wealth enablement plan for select customer facing roles. Comprehensive wellness program including unlimited PTO, monthly wellness day off, subscription to meditation app, lunch and learns, book club, weekly lunch stipends, happy hours and much more. Professional development and the opportunity to learn the ins and outs of cyber insurance, cyber security as well as continuing to build your professional skills in a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID837:
Design new application features and integrations in collaboration with team members to deliver complex changes Develop new software, coding and unit testing, as well as modifying existing software for enhancements, performance improvements, bug fixes Lead and drive all activities to integrate real and near-real time capabilities between new core product and other applications Automate processes within the development pipeline Stay current with trends, techniques, technology, advocate and share expertise with other team members and other factors impacting the job Proficient with Spring/Spring Boot Java API Development Angular development Proficient with SQL Leveraging and enhancing DevOps pipeline Knowledge of Kafka Working with large relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server) .Net development experience - C# ETL tool exposure (IBM DataStage is a plus) Cloud native application development – any or all of PCF, OpenShift, Azure Familiar with UNIX environments Experience with investment/banking industry Micro-service design and implementation A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
ScrapedJobID838:
A unique way of blending business data with AI to create predictive insight; A team of hardworking and humble data gurus; An open mind to new ideas and technologies; Means that fit your ambition; A great atmosphere and work-life balance. Code efficient, object-oriented, modularized, well-tested software; Build and maintain an industry-leading automated production ML pipeline; Translate business requirements into high-quality solutions for our customers; Use a combination of advanced statistics and machine learning to create and/or validate predictive insights; Discuss and make geek jokes about Plotly (data visualization), LSTMs (ML implementations), Retool (client-facing analytics) and Unit Testing (CI/CD). BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field; Excellent programming skills in Python and SQL; Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) ; Versioning control experience with Git; Understanding of ML concepts, e.g.: linear/logistic regression, ensembling, decision trees, neural networks, clustering, cross validation, hyper-parameter optimization, etc.; Applied ML experience in statistical and mathematical modeling; Familiarity with one or more deep learning software frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch); Familiarity with one or more Python data/statistical frameworks (Scikit-learn, Numpy, Pandas); Demonstrated ability to integrate new algorithms and methodologies from research papers into existing ML pipelines; A few interesting stories about challenging real-world datasets you’ve tackled; The people skills to work with other developers, data scientists and business analysts; 4+ years of professional experience. Have a love for complex time-series data; Experience with ERP data; Experience in building, deploying and monitoring large scale ML models in production; Professional software development experience particularly in backend development with a strong interest in work involving data pipelines, distributed systems, performance analysis, and/or large-scale data processing; Experience with CI/CD pipeline tools; Experience with cloud infrastructure (GCP, AWS, AZURE, etc.); Experience with container ecosystems such as Docker and Kubernetes; Client-facing delivery experience. Casual dress On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID839:

ScrapedJobID840:

ScrapedJobID841:
Working with and supporting our machine learning engineers Designing large scale distributed Kubernetes based systems Managing bare-metal and cloud Kubernetes clusters Scaling up Riskfuel’s distributed storage cluster Working with state of the art hardware (e.g. NVIDIA A100) Experienced with Unix/Linux operating systems internals as well as with networking Experienced working with cloud systems and cloud providers Experienced with containers and container orchestration tools (Docker, Kubernetes) Experienced programmer in one or more of: python, Golang, C/C++, javascript Experienced with automation tools like Ansible Is able to install a Kubernetes cluster Experienced with rook and/or Ceph Experienced designing and deploying CI/CD pipelines Interested in web development and/or machine learning Experienced with router hardware and software 
ScrapedJobID842:
Telecommunications industry Internet Service Provider (ISP) Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Cloud Analyze user's requirements, and design and develop system architecture and specifications 
ScrapedJobID843:
Build, maintain, and ensure timely delivery of our high-volume event log pipelines. Create libraries, tools, and automation to help ensure that critical event data gets to the right place. Encouraging a culture of Observability at Slack - help suss out problem areas and consult on improving visibility into our systems. Prototyping tooling interfaces or building new features for engineering use cases. Improving auto-remediation in our logging infrastructure to avoid recurring failures. Teaching engineers or customer experience agents how to use our tools to introspect their systems. Participating in the Monitoring Infrastructure on-call rotation, triaging, and addressing production issues as they arise. You are a strong communicator. Explaining complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers is no problem for you. You enjoy helping onboard new team members, mentoring, and teaching others. You live for unit tests, code review, design documentation, debugging, and solving problems. You have a deep curiosity about how things work under the hood. You are motivated by helping others succeed. When things break and they will you are eager and able to help fix things. You like thinking of ways to improve efficiency or bring delight to your coworkers. You care about improving the performance of systems through data-informed decisions. You also know that the internet is a scary place and understand security concepts deeply and can put them into action to protect us and our users. Firm grasp of computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, programming languages, distributed systems, and information retrieval. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience Experience with functional or imperative programming languages - e.g., PHP, Python, Go, C, or Java (used without frameworks). Experience with creating interfaces, tooling, or automation to help define a path for engineers to self-service. Experience deploying, operating, and debugging server software on Linux at scale Passionate about data visualization, graphing, and maximizing signal versus noise. Experience with Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana. Solid competency with Prometheus, OpenTracing, or any other widely-used monitoring/visibility platform. Prior experience with or knowledge of large scale, high volume distributed systems, distributed databases, and data pipelines. Experience with containerization frameworks such as Kubernetes. Experience using deployment automation/configuration management, especially Terraform or Chef. Experience with AWS and other virtualized environments. Experience with message queue services, such as Kafka. 
ScrapedJobID844:
Azure Data Factory Snowflake Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft Analysis Services Power BI T-SQL Python Javascript / Node.js Java 
ScrapedJobID845:
Work to improve our infrastructure deployment, monitoring & upgrade Integrate DevOps methodology into development, deployment, and operations lifecycle Provide Level 1 support for customers who experience infrastructure issues Proactive monitoring to quickly identify upcoming infrastructure issues Good written and oral communication skills Engineering /MCA background Background in Linux/Unix Administration Familiar with cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud or Azure Knowledge of SQL/Databases Comfortable working in a 24/7 environment. Weekend work might be required. While this is currently a remote position, you will need to be within commuting distance to Vancouver, BC post-pandemic. 
ScrapedJobID846:
You are enthusiastic about pragmatic application of agile software engineering practices. You are passionate about building and delivering high-quality, durable software. You collaborate within a team of other skilled engineers to tackle complicated problems by combining your strong base of existing skills with perpetually emerging new technologies. You have the self-discipline to collaborate with distributed teams. You have curiosity and determination to research the unknown or unstructured, translating findings into usable system design & code. You are familiar with cloud-based technology and paradigms. Finally, you continually drive yourself and others to learn more thru effective team teamwork. Work on a team responsible for the enterprise integration platform used by all of Getty Images. Use Java, Apache Camel, Spring Boot, and Amazon MQ technologies to implement new integration workflows, using a blend of AWS and other industry standard service and infrastructure technologies. Analyze existing integration platform code base to infer rules and mappings, and manage code migrations to a new Apache Camel platform. Agile paradigms (including CI, pairing, swarming, and test-first) will be followed throughout. Collaborate with business partners to examine existing systems to assess business requirements. Develop software components used by integration routes. Develop and run test cases for all code. Maintain monitoring and alerting functions to uphold Production service levels. Implement code that is engineered for the long term, while delivering with vitality! Work with partners and other teams to resolve cross-system issues develop stories, mitigate team workload, and provide status. Rotating on-call duties and incident response as the need arises. 3+ years working with Java 2+ years of professional experience with web services 1+ years of experience with Git Experience with SQL database programming, (MySQL preferred) Experience with messaging services such as Apache Camel, Amazon MQ or RabbitMQ Experience working in an environment that is cloud-based (AWS) and container-centric (Docker) Experience in implementing or maintaining distributed systems Experience in agile processes (e.g. Scrum or Kanban, pairing, etc.) Ability to analyze and understand data structures and data flows Experience with Spring Boot Experience with Splunk or other monitoring technologies Frequent communication with others to exchange information. Frequent sedentary work that primarily involves sitting/standing; Time of each will vary. Constant operation of computer and frequent usage of other office machinery, including (but not limited to) calculator, copy machine, computer printer, etc. Frequent repetition of motions and gestures that may include the wrists, hands and/or fingers. (Required) 
ScrapedJobID847:
Be a role model for open, honest, diverse and inclusive approach to problem solving Collaborate, mentor and develop engineers across all levels through sharing and learning Drive long-term architecture and detailed design for a highly scalable distributed, big data and analytics cloud service that provide interactive and intelligent data insights Be a partner to the engineering team to deliver a high-quality, highly-available service that meets customer SLAs across the globe Drive long-term design thinking for systems and engineering processes with simplicity and maintainability as core tenets Deliver value through a strong collaborative approach spanning many teams across geographies 10+ years of hands-on software design and coding experience BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field Demonstrated depth and experience in architecture and implementation of large scale cloud services Experience working with multi-tiered applications and micro-services. Understand efficient data structures, object-oriented programming, familiar with algorithms and have an extended track record of shipping large scale software-based services. Strong computer science fundamentals and proven architecture design capability. Building extensible and maintainable services that last the test of time Excellent technical, cross group collaboration and communication skills Knowledge of modern engineering practices like automated deployments with integrated quality gates and experience working with modern version control systems like Git Proven track record of customer-focused innovation Experience with data analysis and machine learning is a plus Spark knowledge is preferred 
ScrapedJobID848:
Develop software applications from conception to testing Analyze software task book (Functional specifications, constraints, interfaces…) Produces software specifications Design software architecture Write program in appropriated language (Encoding) Write software usage terms Carry out system tests Participate in software validation in system integration Ensure technical support in deployment and usage stages Intervenes after product architecture (System and Network Designer) and before Validation/Integration Works with project team According to the software size and complexity, may begin activity at the very beginning (functional specification) Communication Products Networks Technologies & SW Design Internet Adaptability Be Pragmatic Make Simple Quality Orientation Search to learn Continuously 
ScrapedJobID849:
Collaborate and work closely with development, operations, security, and project teams maintaining a continuous feedback loop to deliver optimum solutions. Design and write “infrastructure as code” and automation scripts that will deploy cloud hosted environments. Constantly adapt, maintain, and support the infrastructure, security, and technologies to provide more stability and improvements to the deployments and reduce cloud costs where applicable. Take a pro-active approach to system monitoring and observation for rapid issue identification and resolution. Contribute to the development of in-house tools that support the DevOps processes. Produce quality and timely documentation. Participate in a scheduled 24×7 on-call rotation and resolve operational issues/requests. Advise on solution architecture designs that help to optimize availability, security, scalability, resilience, and observability. Share knowledge and experience willingly and liberally within the organization. Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline or have 2 years work experience in cloud computing. Experience with CI/CD pipelines and the cloud-based tools that support them we use Jenkins, GitLab CI, Code Deploy, ECS, Kubernetes). If you have some experience with Kubernetes already, that’s great! Otherwise we’ll train you. Experience with docker and container management platforms. 1 to 2 + years’ experience working in cloud environments (AWS, Azure, GCE). 2+ years’ experience with Linux/Unix Administration. Experience with automation/configuration management using either CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible or related tools. Experience with application performance monitoring, log aggregation and analysis (using at least one tool i.e. Nagios, Splunk, Greylog, Elasticsearch). 2+ years’ experience with at least one scripting language (i.e. python, bash, rust, node.js, go). About you: you’re a team-player, analytical, customer-centric, self-motivated and driven by quality. A strong willingness to learn more and improve. Fluent written and verbal English communication skills. An international & multicultural environment where diversity and inclusivity are celebrated and embraced Professional educational opportunities and training program Innovation sabbatical Volunteer Day State of the art office space On the job coaching and mentoring Flexible work arrangements – via our Work Hard Anywhere policy. Some of us run city marathons and even go on snowboarding trips together! Casual Friday? Casual every day! US$ 500 net for your home office setup after you passed your trial period And many additional perks customized to global locations (canteen, fresh fruit, amazing coffee, parking, on-site gym, yoga room to name a few) 
ScrapedJobID850:
Work with business stakeholders to understand data-related technical requirements and solve for their needs Develop, document and maintain data pipelines Design, document and implement ETL processes Design, document and implement data visualizations to support self-service analytics Write and optimize complex queries on large data sets Transform data and map them to more valuable and understandable sets for consumption Implement process improvements and create tooling to automate and improve the efficiency of day-to-day tasks Troubleshoot issues related to data accuracy Conduct research and develop new approaches and solutions to industry and client challenges Develop your skills Explore and analyze client data to generate insights that will improve business outcomes Other duties and responsibilities as assigned Experience working with REST APIs and Python data analysis tools such as Pandas/Numpy Experience building and maintaining ETL pipelines (using Python) Experience building data visualizations using Power BI/Tableau or similar tools A high degree of accuracy, vigilance and attention to detail Advanced SQL knowledge Proven ability and appetite to learn new technologies quickly Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical or quantitative field 2-5 years of similar work experience Ability to work effectively on a self-organizing team with minimal supervision Excellent oral and written communication skills Proactive and creative problem solver with the ability to multitask and manage tight deadlines Excellent diagnostic, troubleshooting and data interpretation skills GCP Cloud Architect, Data Engineer or Cloud Engineer certification At minimum an interest in, but ideally knowledge and understanding of digital advertising and web analytics concepts High professional standards and a commitment to service and operational excellence Experience working with Google Cloud Platform (BigQuery, Cloud Composer, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Pub/Sub) Familiarity with schema design and dimensional modelling Familiarity with Google Marketing Platform technologies You care about your team members and are willing to help outside your realm of expertise No task is below you You have strong problem-solving skills and critical thinking abilities You take initiative communicating with co-workers and asking questions You may not have all the answers, but you know how to get them You enjoy a fast-paced environment and are able to pivot quickly when priorities change You love to learn and try new things You are able to assess both client and company needs to make good choices You enjoy sharing knowledge with your team members Tight-knit, teamwork culture Training and development Flexible hours Remote work options Comprehensive benefits Casual dress code Team socials Stocked office kitchen (post-Covid) Beautiful, open, pet-friendly environment in a vibrant location (post-Covid) Tailored virtual onboarding IT equipment and supplies delivered to your doorstep 
ScrapedJobID851:
Work within a Scrum team to design, implement and maintain application software specifically in the domain of video codecs. Write high performance, secure, reliable and maintainable code with solid unit test coverage. Troubleshoot issues in the lab, utilizing debugging tools for application software. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or equivalent. Minimum of 3 years of C++ software development experience. Experience developing application software on one or more of Windows, Linux, or macOS platforms. Excellent software design and programming skills. First class analytical, diagnostic and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with developers, product owners and other team members. Passion to work in an exciting environment and deliver new technologies and products to the marketplace. Ability to learn quickly. Experience with high performance concurrent programming. Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. Experience with video codecs such as H.264, HEVC or AV1 or equivalent. Knowledge of CPU architectures. Experience with GPGPU programming. Experience optimizing OpenGL, D3D or Metal applications. Experience with network programming. Experience with Agile development approaches such as Scrum. Secure products. You understand the importance of a secure SDLC and this is not an afterthought once all the features are developed. Automate everything. You actively automate as many manual tasks as possible so that these tasks can be repeated many times and allow us to scale. Self-managed teams. You hold yourself accountable for the full end-to-end lifecycle of what you are working on, from ensuring you are building something that will deliver customer value to getting it into customers' hands. Customer collaboration. You want feedback from customers to ensure your work is providing value and to enable you to iterate on that work. Tech-debt reduction. Software can live longer than you expect; therefore, you need to ensure it stays healthy and manage your technical debt accordingly. Collective ownership. You value contribution, wherever it comes from, and believe in peer review, continuous integration, test coverage and customer validation. 
ScrapedJobID852:
Enjoy working collaboratively in an empowered, small, cross-functional team Experience working in an agile and fast-paced development environment (e.g. TDD, BDD, Agile, pair programming, etc.) A passion for code quality demonstrated by thorough testing A desire to be hands-on in designing and writing code Curiosity and internal motivation to constantly improve Ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment Excellent communication skills, comfort level to speak their mind and defend ideas based on merit, yet humility and hunger to learn from others Proficiency with web technologies, including JavaScript (ECMAScript 6+), HTML5, CSS Strong experience in market-leading JavaScript frameworks such as, React.js (preferred), Angular, etc. Experience working in an Agile work environment and knowledge of Agile methodologies. Experience in developing responsive applications with good architecture and UX. Strong experience in contributing to architecture, design, and implementation of products Expert at writing unit tests and testable components. Experience building E2E automation scripts and tools to support the CI &CD pipeline. Expert in design patterns and best coding practices. Clear written communication and documentation skills. Ability to mentor less experienced engineers An aptitude for continuous learning and exploration of new technologies. A typical candidate has a Computer Science degree or equivalent. 
ScrapedJobID853:
Strong experience using the Microsoft Azure Data Stack (ADFv2, Azure SQL DB, Azure SQL Datawarehouse, Azure Data Lake, Azure Databricks, Analysis Services, Cosmos DB) Azure data migration patterns Knowledge of C# essential Agile methodology experience essential CI/CD, Azure DevOps experience, highly desirable Customer/client-facing consulting skills Ability and desire to mentor junior team members. 3+ years current and deep experience with implementing large engagements. Proven experience managing projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing multi-phase/multi-dimensional/multi-resource projects to conclusion while maintaining high customer satisfaction 3+ years experience assessing feasibility of migrating customer solutions and/or integrating with 3rd party systems both Microsoft and non-Microsoft platforms 2+ years of experience and advanced domain knowledge in one or more vertical industries: manufacturing, financial services, government, legal, healthcare, property management 
ScrapedJobID854:
Provide advanced level Support of Linux/Unix or Windows operating systems including filesystem concepts, clustering and logical partitions Install and manage global enterprise level Endpoint Security solutions including Anti-malware, EDR, DLP and Tanium Operate, administer, and maintain a global Tanium service platform and unique Tanium installations across internal lines of businesses Provide solutions onboarding, training and consulting support to lines of businesses across SAP Debug and solve complex problems and providing Tier 1/2/3 technical expert support and guidance to the SAP community for end point protection issues Liaise with SAP IT teams and lines of businesses to manage endpoint security compliance issues Actively participate in product certifications, integration testing and projects related to Anti-malware, EDR, DLP & Tanium Track and report of all endpoint security remediation activities and escalating where necessary Follow standard change management, release management, problem/incident management processes and compliance and Audit guidelines. Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Endpoint Security Products College degree or combination of equivalent training and experience 3+ years practical experience working with endpoint protection solutions, McAfee, Trend Micro, Tanium Good working knowledge of Linux operating systems, specifically SUSE and Redhat Enterprise Knowledge of Windows Server Operating systems Broad knowledge across several technical domains including: Endpoint Security, Incident response, Systems Management, Systems Administration, Utility Scripting (e.g. Chef, Ansible, bash, PowerShell, VBScript, Python, etc.) Ability to work in a flexible, global, agile and fast-paced Devops environment Effective and efficient Time Management skills Strong analytical and logical skills Excellent communication skills and ability to clearly express ideas in written and verbal form Strong Customer Service focus Hands-On Tanium Administration & Support Good working knowledge of cloud and virtualization technologies Good Understanding of Kubernetes container orchestration Cloud based endpoint protection solutions An understanding of Devops principles 3+ years related experience with endpoint protection solutions, Linux or Windows server operating systems 
ScrapedJobID855:
Work closely within a team of embedded software, firmware, and system engineers to implement specified test functionality. Promotes and embraces the Test Driven Development (TDD) and Agile (Scrum) methodologies. Create and maintain automated testing platform built on Python and Gherkin with a BDD methodology. Follows established development guidelines and standards and makes recommendations for improvements. Writes test plans and conducts design verification tests. Debugs firmware based on test results and issues identified by other testers. Execute manual and automated software tests on embedded software features and document test results Develop python test automation for communication and control features Setup and maintain test automation environment and infrastructure including test PCs, inverters, data loggers, AC and DC sources and loads, and python test libraries. Write new feature tests with clear requirements mapping to demonstrate test coverage. Analyze, document, and publish test results. Work with development engineers to duplicate and demonstrate issues. Enter and verify software issue reports. Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Software Engineering with 3+ years hands-on experience. Experience working in software QA environment. Proficiency with Python in test automation experience Experience designing and writing tests to validate applications running within an RTOS and/or embedded POSIX compliant OS. Ability to carry and move equipment when setting up new test stations. Experience with digital communication interfaces such as Ethernet, WiFi, USB, CANbus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate clearly and concisely to all levels within the organization including formal meetings and presentations. Experience with Gherkin test language Experience with Selenium or other test automation framework Competency with collaborative software tools such as GIT, Jenkins, Jira and Confluence 
ScrapedJobID856:
Are you happiest when you’re taking all the pieces and making them work together without a hitch with rock-solid code? Would you like to build across the full range of functionality of our global infrastructure as well as get opportunities to do technical design and architecture? Are you excited about creating efficient tools and streamlined development experiences for our team? Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and security while instrumenting services to provide high quality insight into emerging issues Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software solutions, perform vendor-related activities, and create documentation such as user guides and software development guides Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements to development efficiency As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are encouraged to grow your skills with continual learning, workshops, conferences, and talks. Leadership is technical, meetings are short As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and regions, deploying updates, migrating databases, and architecting self-healing infinitely scaling services Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Java experience, or experience with at least one object-oriented language such as Java, C#, C++, Python, or Scala with some prior experience with Java Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API services Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: Linux, networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud providers Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID857:
Demonstrate creative thinking and innovation in the field of data management that enables enterprise wide analytics Develop and implement best practices in the field of data consolidation, data integrity, and database / data mart design Demonstrate creative thinking and innovation to enable enterprise wide analytics Develop and launch processes to assemble complex datasets, Ability to transform and curate data from multiple sources for the purpose of visualization and advanced analytics Gather and define business requirements to effectively to support data exploration and discovery efforts from various sources. Apply learnings to become a champion in building a long-term data strategy Facilitate communication with business representatives to determine clear understanding of business problems Work closely with data professionals within the business (i.e. data analysts, stewards, scientists) to build data engineering solutions for data concepts that fuel a host of analytic models Work with stakeholders to gather requirements and collaboratively with a team of engineers, architects and analysts Build infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources Support data governance and data quality pipelines by creating policies to ensure data integrity Support data management strategies and initiatives that will meet the long-term data needs of the organization Design, implement, and maintain data quality evaluation and scoring within automated data pipelines Design, implement, and maintain data transformation and data fusion with various structured and unstructured data sources Design, implement, and maintain metadata management practices to improve data access and data knowledge for business users Be a critical thinking partner with leadership in the organization to further develop our data management practices and help design and develop our long-term data management strategy Work as part of centralized analytics function, with the opportunity to engage and interact with all functional areas of the organization Work with other members of the Data Insights & Analytics team to assist in defining project parameters Produce insights in a manner that business users can clearly understand Support the generation of new business by participating in prospecting opportunities with new clients as part of a broader team Develop strong working relationships with stakeholders Communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations Stay abreast of analytics and business intelligence trends University degree in a quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, geography, information management, or related field. (Masters or PhD an asset) 2+ years of experience in an analytics-driven or data engineering role, improving data access for business users Experience with the following: Advance knowledge in SQL and familiarity with a variety of databases (i.e. Oracle, Postgres, SQL Server, etc.) Experience with data analytic or data engineering programming languages (i.e. Python or R) Developing ETL or data pipelines Code collaboration and version control using code repositories (i.e. GitHub, GitLab, Azure DevOps) Working with big data and distributed data processing technology Automating workflows and processes Designing data models Ability to process and manipulate large amounts of data Client focused and proven relationship building skills Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills Proven analytical and problem solving skills Excellent planning, organizing, and time management skills with strong attention to detail Creative and Innovative mindset Dealing with ambiguity, can effectively cope with change and shift gears comfortably Demonstrated facilitation and consultative skills Works with a high degree of confidentiality and integrity

NICE TO HAVE: Experience developing data applications and processes within cloud environments (i.e. AWS, Azure, GCP) Developing APIs and microservices Demonstrated success in managing client issues and relationships, some experience in growing relationships with current clients Experience working with CRM tools such as Microsoft Dynamics 365 Bilingualism (French/English) 
ScrapedJobID858:
Working closely with other developers, architects and product owners using Agile and SCRUM to create solutions and shape them into workable stories and plans. Design and develop software for a large-scale, cloud-based SaaS solution using open-source technologies Deliver across the entire software app development lifecycle—design, build, deploy, test, and release Writing clean, well designed, unit-tested, and efficient code Peer-reviewing code and mentoring and supporting junior team members. Build strong partnerships with other teams internally and externally to solve problems, and ensure we deliver a cohesive customer experience. 5+ years experience of working on a Computer Software Engineer or Software Developer position 2+ years experience in developing server applications using Ruby and Rails. Working knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes. Experience with unit testing frameworks. Understand how to write proper GraphQL and RESTful APIs Understanding of the responsibilities of the platform, database, API, caching layer, proxies, and other web services used in the system Close familiarity with software engineering tools, software development methodology, and release processes You love working with technology and solving difficult problems using it You are self-motivated, detail-oriented and have excellent problem-solving skills Want to have fun at work and have meaning and purpose in what you do. Are excited to learn and always expand your knowledge. WineDirect has many new opportunities to pursue and there is always more to learn! Core values; Customer Focus, Transparency, Collaboration, Respect for Others, Fun! Flexible Work from Home (WFH) schedule Our commitment to personal development and growth Your work will be impactful to our clients, your peers, and the company Our employees are friendly, passionate and hard-working, and thrive in our strong growth-oriented culture Over $2B in sales enabled by our platform each year, growing >20% annually. Over 3M consumer Monthly Active Users each. Profitable, ambitious, and growth-oriented business. Global reach, operating in 10+ countries. 
ScrapedJobID859:
Manages and monitors all installed systems and infrastructure for the organization to be in line with company guidelines or SOP (standard operating procedure) Installs, configures, and tests operating systems, application software, and system management tools Ensures the highest level of systems and infrastructure availability Monitor and test application performance for potential bottlenecks, identify possible solutions, and work with developers to implement those fixes Maintain security, backup, and redundancy strategies Implements warranty and support activities Plans and implements system automation as required for better efficiency Collaborates with other professionals to ensure high quality deliverables within organization guidelines, policies, and procedures Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution 5+ years as a System Engineer in small-mid teams Comprehensive understanding and technical know-how in server administration, patching, network device configuration, and hardware management (including cable management) Proven working experience in installing, configuring and troubleshooting Windows and Linux based environments Solid networking knowledge (OSI network layers, TCP/IP) Solid scripting skills (e.g., PowerShell, Bash) Experience with firewall configuration and management (e.g., Sophos), to guarantee the application of security best practices Experience with Active Directory, DNS and GPO management Experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g., Hyper-V) Experience with monitoring systems (e.g., Nagios) Knowledge of Remote Desktop Protocol and Services Knowledge of MS Office 365 and Teams Excellent communication, analytical and organizational skills Good team player, patience, motivated and independent Attention to detail and good problem-solving skills Fluent in Italian and English BSc or MSc in Computer Engineering/Science or related field. Familiarity with ISO 27001 principles and Information Securities topics, with particular attention to vulnerabilities Experience on Cloud environments, preferably in Azure Experience with automation and backup software (e.g. Backup Exec) Experience in the administration and performance tuning of application stacks (e.g., Tomcat, Apache, NGINX) Experience with cluster environments Microsoft certifications or equivalent may be helpful Information Technology and Services Middle level 
ScrapedJobID860:
As a customer’s technical advisor, identify and understand our customers’ business needs, and identify Allstream products that meet those needs Develop and maintain a deep understanding of Allstream’s service offerings, capabilities, and differentiating value Spend most of your day in front of customers or prospective customers Respond to Requests for Proposals Define and scope the offer, and present Allstream’s solutions at sales meetings Present to Business or IT executives on Data Networking and Cloud Communication solutions Provide customer demos showing how Allstream features will meet the customer's needs Understand the competitive market and provide feedback to product management (product functionality, pricing, promotion, competitive positioning) The perfect blend of Technical and Sales capabilities A desire to thrive in a vibrant and high activity environment The ability to ask the right questions at the right time and listen while building trust and comfort in short space of time. A value-based consultative selling style verses commodity and price Business acumen that allows you to interact at any level in a company and learn what holds them back from achieving more An entrepreneurial spirit and the ability to thrive when there is a high degree of ambiguity Story-telling ability, so you can give the audience a feel of what their new reality will be once they implement our recommendations, relating the solution specifically to their key drivers Drive to understand how things work under the hood, and self-motivation to figure the things you don’t fully understand A deep advanced understanding of UC, UCaaS, CCaaS, and SIP Trunking with an intermediate understanding of LAN, WAN, SD-WAN, and Service Provider network technology with a desire to become an expert in all. Detail oriented with strong organizational skills Ability to successfully manage multiple deadlines and commitments with little oversight Selfless demeanor within a team environment Excellent English speaking and writing skills are required Have CCNA or similar certification, or ability to acquire within one year A diverse culture focused on individual growth and teamwork Transparent Leadership A people-first company where you are treated as an individual, not a commodity Tenured team of colleagues for mentorship, support, and direction to help ensure your success. A company that focuses on providing the highest-level customer experience. Sales Training: We’ll teach you about our products, process, and systems, and mentor you! Being part of a growth industry with a leading Cloud solutions provider Opportunity to help the market understand the Allstream identity and value proposition Significant Incentive Program Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage Paid holidays & vacation time RRSP company match program And much more! 
ScrapedJobID861:
Demonstrate passion for learning, testing, automation and quality. Exhibit curiosity and excellent attention to detail. Be a strong team player, who is not afraid to speak up, ask questions and be heard. Work as part of a Scrum team on the development and testing efforts of PCoIP endpoints, network infrastructure, or endpoint management solutions. Develop software for testing new product features and functionality. Design, develop, and architect automated test software. Make automated test software more effective and efficient by: Intelligently prioritizing what to automate, Writing well-documented, reliable, shared, reusable and maintainable code, Designing, developing, administering and maintaining test infrastructure. Troubleshoot and isolate issues, file bug reports, and validate bug fixes. Contribute to the appropriate test coverage in releases through the execution of test cases in a Manual and Automated manner. Use DevOps techniques to maintaining complex test and development environments including Windows and Mac servers as well as Desktop Virtualization infrastructure. Drive to improve – whether it relates to a process, a tool, infrastructure, or general team knowledge – look to assist in making the impossible possible. Minimum 2 year-degree or diploma in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. Testing core (non GUI) Windows, Mac, or Linux, applications. Testing C++ SDKs or drivers. Using performance, stress and load testing. Using Unit, Acceptance testing techniques as well as TDD, BDD and OOP. Strong technical and testing skills including: Design and programming or scripting skills, including 4+ years of experience programming with at least 2 of the following: Python, Ruby, C++, C# Experience in test planning, design, and prioritization experience with multi-tiered software/hardware applications. Strong analytical, diagnostic and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and to set your own tasks as part of an agile team. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with developers, product owners and other product team members. Experience in context-based, exploratory, scenario and risk based testing techniques. Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. Experience testing GUI-based applications. Experience developing protocol based automated tests. Windows system administration and virtualization experience. DevOps experience setting up and maintaining build environments using Chef, Ansible, or Puppet. Working with and managing Virtual Infrastructure. Secure products. You understand the importance of a secure SDLC and that this is not an afterthought once all the features are developed. Automate everything. You actively automate many manual tasks as possible so that these tasks can be repeated many times and allow us to scale. Self-managed teams. You hold yourself accountable for the full end-to-end lifecycle of what you are working on, from ensuring you are building something that will deliver customer value to getting it into customers' hands. Customer collaboration. You want feedback from customers to ensure your work is providing value and to enable you to iterate on that work. Tech-debt reduction. Software can live longer that you expect; therefore, you need to ensure it stays healthy and manage your technical debt accordingly. Collective ownership. You value contribution, wherever it comes from, and believe in peer review, continuous integration, test coverage and customer validation. 
ScrapedJobID862:
Start building and pushing code in your first week and ship impactful features in your first few months. Build and support production services with high call rates. Target high availability for consumer and enterprise customers. Learn how to build infrastructure as code (IaC). Collaborate widely with internal teams to deliver delightful product offerings to our customers. Contribute to an engineering culture with a strong emphasis on documentation, testing, and user experience. Evaluate the systems and technology in place today while proposing systems and architecture that can scale for the future. Have the opportunity to mentor new hires. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Brings at least three years of experience in back-end development, ideally using Java or other JVM languages. Displays excellent software engineering fundamentals, including knowledge of algorithms and data structures. Demonstrates perseverance when faced with tough technical issues. Has some experience with AWS or other cloud offerings (GCP, Azure, etc.). Has experience building, deploying, and debugging production systems at scale. Cares about the end-user experience and strives to ensure high quality. Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds a product that helps people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer support to set up a home office, ample and defined time off, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. Relocation support: We can help you relocate to Kyiv and make the experience smooth and easy. Grammarly provides a relocation bonus, legal and visa support, temporary housing, moving support and travel expenses, assistance in finding schools for your kids—and all other information you might need. 
ScrapedJobID863:
Design and build systems which improve scalability, usability, and performance. Work cross-functionally with product managers and engineers to understand, implement, and deploy pipelines. Effectively communicate results to peers and leaders. Embed into development projects and assist teams in delivering new features, services, and consumer experiences through production with speed and quality. Performs technology needs analysis by conferring with departmental personnel to analyze current operational procedures, identify problems, and learn specific input and output requirements. Writes detailed description of program functions, and steps required to develop or modify business processes and computer systems. Reviews computer system capabilities, workflow, and scheduling limitations to determine if requested program or program change is possible within existing system. Rolls out software and web applications to ensure optimal deployment of resources. Collaborate with Software Development, QA Engineers, and System Architects to continuously improve the efficiency and reliability of build and deployment processes to support all phases of development, QA, and production releases. Build and maintain CI/CD pipeline with the following DevOps tools (e.g. Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Chef, HashiCorp tools(Terraform, Vault, Consul), Python, Octopus Deploy, Artifactory, Azure CLI, and shell scripts), as well as other scripting languages. Write automation programs to interface with REST APIs Coordinates technology planning through ongoing research. Works with development staff to Document CI/CD build and deployment requirements Supports technology needs analysis by conferring with departmental personnel to analyze current operational procedures, identify problems, and learn specific input and output requirements. Works to maintain application and database systems for performance and availability. Define and communicate project milestones, service level agreements, and resource allocation to management team, department leads, support staff, and end users Ensures work is performed in compliance with company policies including Privacy/HIPAA and other Regulatory, legal, and safety requirements Other duties as assigned. Knowledge, skills & abilities: Deep technical knowledge of the following DevOps CI/CD toolsets and workflows: Source Code Management Creating and managing CI/CD pipelines Atlassian suite - Jira, Confluence, Bamboo, and Bitbucket Artifactory Octopus Deploy Building Docker images and deploying to Kubernetes via Helm Knowledge and experience with Azure Cloud services. Knowledge of HashiCorp suite. Terraform, Vault, Consul, and Packer Strong customer-service orientation. Proficient in communicating to both technical and management levels Ability to work in cross functional teams Skilled at creating an environment which supports the timely exchange of high-quality information. Proficient at promoting effective working relationships in multi-disciplinary teams. Adaptability to quickly and proactively implement change initiatives, providing guidance to others in meeting changing needs. Strong ability to manage people and project allocation. Knowledge and experience with FDA and ISO regulated industries, a plus Minimum certifications/educational level: S. in computer science or equivalent combination of education and applicable job experience. Equivalent education includes technical school training and certifications in networks and servers. Minimum experience: 8 plus years of experience working in a CI/CD and/or server software deployment environment including: Deploying software to Linux and Windows Servers Deploying to software Azure Cloud environments Worked with Python, Nodejs or similar languages Worked with PowerShell, shell scripting or equivalent Usage of DevOps tools (Build Servers, Deployment Servers, SCM) Identifying and troubleshooting issues with applications, software, installation and configuration. Experience writing and deploying Infrastructure as Code, Terraform preferred Experience automating cloud services such as Microsoft Azure using the Azure CLI interface. Experience with Bamboo build server. Experience with Octopus Deploy deployment server. Experience working with DevOps methodologies. Experience with Docker/Kubernetes. Having wide-ranging experience and resolves complex issues in creative and effective ways. Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel. 
ScrapedJobID864:
Previous experience running 24 x 7 production operation for customer facing services, including on call duties. Experience in systems automation and infrastructure as code, utilizing modern tooling for workflow automation and CI/CD. Ability to monitor systems utilizing industry standard tools Experience implementing container/container-fleet-orchestration technologies such as Kubernetes, ECS, or Docker. Can effectively use scripting languages such as Python / Ruby / Bash Confirmed experience in Linux system administration and troubleshooting. Proficiency in a cloud service such ase AWS, Azure, or GCP. Excellent healthcare coverage Parental leave 401K investment plan Unlimited paid time off, strongly encouraged to take at least 3 weeks per year 
ScrapedJobID865:
You love doing backend software development because dealing with a streaming data, large volumes of data, and building an efficient system that just hums along and is always online excites you You enjoy building reusable and flexibile systems that are easy to reconfigure to handle different scenarios You love to keep on top of the latest and greatest in technology, and are able to be opinionated on which are winners, and which are hype Design, develop, and support all aspects of our product platform on both cloud and edge components, including the areas of: Data model and access, High-availability, Fault-tolerance, Scalability, IOT protocols, Edge computing, AI infrastructure, Security consciousness Work closely with front-end, product management, data science, QA, and Support to build and support product Analyze, scope, review, and estimate development activities Be the subject matter expert of your ownership areas of the product Participate in evolving the team’s processes so we’re efficient, and loving what we do Experience with multi-threaded concurrent systems in a producer-consumer pattern An understanding of how distributed systems can be built to be fault-tolerant Skilled in Object Oriented Programming 3 years of experience in Golang, Java, C++, or equivalent (academic projects count) An understanding of insert and query efficiency in RDBMS (such as PostgreSQL or MySQL) Experience with one IaaS provider Clear verbal and written communication and the ability collaborate effectively in a geographically dispersed working environment Bachelors Degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent Experience with Python Experience building software with different datastore technologies other than RDBMS An understanding of Docker Familiarity with IOT communications methods Experience developing integrations with electric utility products, SCADA systems, power-control systems Knowledge, skills, and professional networking in one of the most exciting and positively impactful technology domains that is an intersection of machine learning, data science, electrical engineering, and software Startup experience and ground floor opportunities for growth in a team that includes PhD Smart Grid Engineers, Data Scientists, recent grads, and seasoned business professionals Competitive compensation High quality of life and career in Canada's National Capital Region Working on a team with a serious approach towards our work, rather than ourselves, together with fun and random team events such as Ice Cream Fridays and Cosmological Lunches. You will get the opportunity to come up with one 
ScrapedJobID866:

ScrapedJobID867:
As an early member of the support team, you will work with industry leading customers in maintaining Illumio's technology deployments. You will be responsible for logging and updating cases, informing customers of the case status and providing solution(s) as they become known, in a professional, timely manner, over the lifetime of the support request. Escalation Engineers need to understand customer systems and configurations. Analyze problems/defects and recommend solutions. Be able to work closely with external customers, other support engineers, Development, Sales and others as needed, to gain knowledge and provide solutions. Ability to set customer expectations appropriately and accurately. As this is the first Support position in this geography, the ability to grow with the company as it expands in the region will give great opportunities to the right person. Able to travel once per quarter to California HQ. 3 years Industry experience Experience as a business systems analyst working with Support and Services functions such as case management, call management, professional services automation, and education services. Experience in managing system implementation and process improvement projects. Windows Admin experience with Windows 7, 10 and 2016 A drive to solve practical business problems with client-centric solutions. A high attention to detail. Strong organizational, problem-solving and systems analysis skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Experience or a willingness to learn Salesforce.com. Enjoy learning new technologies, applications, and systems. An enthusiastic self-starter with a commitment to learning, customer empathy, and team communication. Salesforce.com certification Microsoft Certification Good understanding of modern programming languages, web services, and databases: Ruby, JavaScript, CSS, Apex, REST API, SQL, etc. 
ScrapedJobID868:
Develop solutions for automated deployment of our software and services on our production infrastructure hosted on AWS. Establish solutions for virtualized platforms. Develop management solutions for managing services across multiple cloud platforms and data centers. Perform technology evaluation and selection. Report to the Software Development Manager for our client’s Advanced Services. 5+ years of experience in scalable, distributed systems architecture. 5+ years of experience in Java programming. 2+ years of experience with Cloud Platforms including AWS. 2+ years experience of scripting using command-line scripting, python, or JavaScript. 2+ years experience with containerization technologies, including Docker. 1+ years experience with orchestration technologies, including Kubernetes. Experience defining and implementing automated service deployments, including provisions for networking, security, reliability, management, reporting, and configuration management. In-depth understanding of best practices for deployment automation. Experience using Git in a team environment (merge requests, branching, push, and pulls). CS Degree or equivalent experience. You have an in-depth understanding of networking, including routing, naming, security, network performance, and network failure modes. You have an in-depth understanding of the HTTP protocol. You have an in-depth understanding of PKI. You have experience with instrumentation and management of automated deployments. You have experience resolving customer deployment issues. You have worked with distributed teams. You understand CI/CD processes and have some experience building CI/CD pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID869:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID870:
Gain an in-depth understanding of Limeade's Azure footprint and help set its future direction, including the role Site Reliability Engineers should play in that Monitor and improve systems, as well as solve reliability problems in infrastructure and operations when they occur Establish best practices around infrastructure, monitoring, logging, etc. and work with the engineering team to implement those Ability to demonstrate our values in an on-going and consistent way Self-starter mindset with the ability to lead projects, document and improve processes, and influence others At least 5-7 years of experience in a DevOps or Site Reliability Engineer role, with a background or strong knowledge in coding and automation 3 or more years of experience with Microsoft web development stack, supporting high-transaction, distributed web platforms 3 or more years using and supporting website monitoring tools like Application Insights, New Relic, or Azure Monitor At least 1 year of experience using and supporting log aggregation tools like Splunk and/or Log Analytics At least 1 year of production support experience in a cloud environment (AWS, Google Cloud, IBM Bluemix, etc.); Microsoft Azure environment is preferred Working or advanced knowledge with Azure ARM templates, Azure PowerShell, Azure CLI, Azure Monitor Experience with DevOps environments and practices, infrastructure as code Understanding of distributed applications and their implementations (Docker, Kubernetes, Service Fabric and similar) Excellent troubleshooting skills – able to read code and debug live servers to find underlying issues quickly Knowledge of the full networking stack to troubleshoot connectivity issues and to ensure security Strong understanding of web site metrics, methods to monitor, 3rd party tools, and custom instrumentation Expertise with one or more common scripting languages; PowerShell or Python preferred 
ScrapedJobID871:
Case Resolution Research, respond to and accurately resolve cases of moderate complexity, in a timely manner and in accordance with the First Responders Team standards Function as primary customer contact for all assigned support cases, meeting Guidewire’s contractual and internal goals for initial response and subsequent customer communication Provide expert solutions to customer problems to ensure customer satisfaction Write thorough and detailed case documentation to meet objectives for Case Quality and Customer Satisfaction scores Proactively take ownership and responsibility for support cases where and when required Collaborate with Application Engineers on more complex issues involving system integration and custom configurations Contribute to the development of internal tools that can be used during triage and issue restorations Escalate customer issues to the Support Manager as appropriate Participate in team projects that enhance the quality or efficiency of support Participate in after-hours and weekend support as needed Develop and maintain deep knowledge of Guidewire’s products Contribute to an environment that encourages information sharing, team-based resolution activity, cross training and an absolute focus on doing what is best for the customer Create knowledgebase articles and other informational documents to be shared with customers and teammates Play a lead role in the continued improvement of Guidewire’s operational processes Previous Knowledge Centered Service (KCS) experience a plus Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Familiarity with software development lifecycle, Agile preferred 2+ years’ experience working directly with customers or key internal stakeholders; preference for experience in customer support for a B2B software company Experience troubleshooting software code and reporting progress; preference for experience with a commercial customer incident tracking or CRM system such as Salesforce.com Experience using a software defect tracking system such as JIRA preferred Advanced exposure to broad technical skills such as Object-Oriented programming (Java, C#, or similar), relational databases (data modeling/SQL), web UI (design and development), XML, and application architecture. Knowledge of front-end web technologies (JavaScript and AngularJS) or similar Ability to read and interpret application server thread dumps, Oracle AWR reports, and other log files Outstanding troubleshooting skills; ability to think critically and display an aptitude for problem solving Ability to prioritize work effort based on a dynamic work environment Employ sound business judgment when making business decisions Use creative and innovative ways to solve problems Display a strong work ethic and do whatever it takes to get the job done Demonstrate strong follow-through and consistently keep commitments to customers and employees Display an understanding of the customer’s needs and a strong commitment to customer satisfaction Ensure that each and every customer is handled with a consummately professional attitude and the highest possible level of service Ability to read, write, and speak fluent English You will score bonus points if you can also read, write, and speak another language such as French or German You will be part of a team that works together at one of our company offices We provide 24x7 support to our customers and while the majority of our shift are Monday through Friday during daytime hours, we rotate shifts monthly so there will be some evening and weekend shifts included in order to cover after-hours production emergencies. Travel – Expect occasional travel (less than 5%) to other Guidewire offices for training and meetings You’ll be working with the best. Guidewire team members are smart, talented, team oriented, and put their hearts into their job every day. You’ll be learning something new day one, and it doesn’t stop there. You will be encouraged to continually learn and grow your technical, interpersonal, and customer skills and apply them in an agile environment. You’ll have the opportunity to solve really challenging problems for customers who love Guidewire and our products. You’ll have a stake in the company with our Long-Term Incentive programs. You’ll have a chance to develop your career within or outside of Customer & Cloud Operations. 
ScrapedJobID872:
Articulate the F5 product strategy, messaging, and positioning F5’s value proposition and solutions for customer business objectives Provide technical expertise through sales presentations, solution designs, solution demonstrations, proofs of concept by various mediums: in-person, virtual presentations, white boarding etc. Determine viability of opportunity and map out organizational structure. Drive the sales process in partnership with the Account Manager, by identifying the Technical Decision Maker, getting their technical validation, support, and sponsorship. Consistently provide world-class customer service through the customer life cycle. Work collaboratively with internal technical and sales resources, share best practices, updates, offer and seek expertise as the need arises in various opportunities. Familiarity with Agile Development practices Experience with DevOps, CI/CD, and SCM tools Experience with container orchestration platforms Familiarity with container and cloud telemetry tools API development and/or management Experience with cloud providers (GCP, AWS, Azure, etc.) Proficient in one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Golang, etc.) 8 + years of related industry experience BS/BA or equivalent work experience Familiarity/experience with F5 or similar industry solution deployment a plus Relevant certifications a plus This is a self-driven role, so career growth and development is available at every stage of your career. Competitive pay, family friendly benefits , and cool perks Tuition assistance for professional development Culture of giving back , strong diversity and inclusion interest groups 
ScrapedJobID873:
Architect and improve Cloudbeds’ Data Infrastructure and Operations in AWS. Automate, maintain and manage Cassandra infrastructure on Kubernetes. Build operational components of the systems for day-1 onwards activities such that business stays ON. Tune and enhance the major system components to calibrate the performance, reliability. Collaborate and implement security practices for all the data software infrastructure and pipelines Drive successful data platform projects to production. Support software development processes via CI/CD pipelines via GitOps. Connect with Kubernetes cluster to validate deployment states. Use monitoring tools like Datadog and Prometheus/Grafana to view applications logs. 3+ years experience as a Cassandra DBA/Operations Engineer, working with AWS/GCP/Azure or On-Prem environments. 3+ years of strong production scale experience with Cassandra Administration and Operations. 1+ years of strong DevOps experience 1+ years of experience with Kubernetes clusters and Kubectl concepts. 1+ years experience in Stateful workloads on Kubernetes. Hands-on experience on performance and reliability of Cassandra Hands-on experience with NoSQL store upgrades, backups, optimization. Good understanding of memory tuning, garbage collection, indexing and change data capture. Strong Experience with monitoring, logging, and alerting technologies (Prometheus, Grafana, Alert Manager, Datadog). Hands-on experience performing capacity planning and performance testing/tuning of large-scale Cassandra clusters. Experience with Data infrastructure-as-code methodologies. Knowledge of building and supporting CI/CD pipelines Exceptional written and verbal communication in English. Ability to work remotely and manage your own time in an international team. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience. Experience with Elasticsearch Cluster Operations and Management will be a strong plus. Experience implementing and scaling Elastic Kubernetes (EKS) platforms. Experience building data pipeline from Cassandra to Elasticsearch Experience implementing blue/green and canary deployments. Hands-on skills in Linux system administration Experience working in an Agile Scrum team with Jira. Experience working in a PCI-compliant environment. AWS IAM roles and policies, System Parameter Store, S3 buckets (versioning, policies and data tiering) Hands-on experience with using AWS Console and command line. Fastest Growing Companies | Inc. 500 (2018 & 2019) Best Places to Work | Inc Magazine (2017 & 2018) Best Places to Work | HotelTechReport (2018, 2019, 2020, 2021) Start-Ups to Watch | Forbes (2018) Best Startup Employers | Forbes (2020) Technology Fast 500 | Deloitte (2019, 2020, 2021) Top 100 North America | Red Herring (2020) Connect MIP Award (Technology) 
ScrapedJobID874:
Build high-performance, highly available and scalable distributed systems Build the simplest possible thing that will continually deliver working software to customers UI development, ReactJS, Redux, Jest,cypress.io Service development, REST, HTTP, Java, Spring, Groovy, Spock, NoSQL (Cassandra), Oracle, XML, JSON Prioritize, communicate clearly, and consistently deliver results TDD, paired programming, code reviews, and aggressive refactoring Work with open source software and tools (e.g. Spring, Apache, Tomcat, Jenkins, etc.) Share knowledge with peers to lessen knowledge silos, help peers grow and make the team better. Courage to communicate in an honest and direct manner Willing to accept decisions that depart from your opinion Able to draft user stories and acceptance criteria Enthusiastic and self-motivated Excellent organizational skills 3 or more years of experience as a software engineer, coding new software 3 or more years of experience coding in Java, Groovy, or other object-oriented language 1 or more years of experience with Test Driven Development, Pair Programming, and/or other aspects of Extreme Programming (XP) 1 or more years of experience working on an Agile software development team Knowledge of modern deployment, CI/CD, and configuration management tools Ability and aptitude to dig into and solve challenging problems and proactively avoid problems Experience in building web UI with ReactJS, or other JavaScript frameworks Scripting, automation, and troubleshooting of processes and systems; scripting in the shell and at least one of the following: Ruby, Perl, or Python Google Cloud Platform BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or other BI tooling Networks, security, firewalls, load balancers, DNS, and other infrastructure components 8 hour shift Java: 4 years (preferred) React: 4 years (preferred) Spring: 1 year (preferred) Groovy: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID875:
Work as part of the team managing our public cloud environments (Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform) Manage, maintain, and administer security monitoring & alerting systems and processes, ensuring ongoing visibility into the security of our environments Provide first level coordination of Cloud Security compliance and vulnerability events and to escalate incidents as appropriate Execute automated remediation activities for patching and continuous hardening of images and systems to adhere to best practices Monitor reported information security events on a daily basis, and ensure critical events are immediately escalated and documented in order to quickly respond and protect against threats to the organization Effectively liaise and communicate with the cloud operations group, internal customers, security operations center, key business stakeholders and management regarding information security incident events and trends Work flexible hours when necessary and be part of a 24/7 on-call rotation Demonstrated ability to analyze complex security compliance and vulnerability events Intermediate experience automating security response plays with Python A relevant degree or certificate in Security, Computer Science or a comparable field of study, or equivalent practical experience Intermediate experience managing cloud platforms: Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform A background in PaaS/SaaS environment practices, including: maintaining SLAs, load-balancing, high availability, operating system patching, networking, and security management/patching Strong technical understanding in a variety of hardware and software platforms (Linux & Windows) Experience working with Python and PowerShell Certifications in information security, AWS, Azure or GCP A good understanding of modern, cloud centric architectures and DevOps principles Above average performance. You are competitive and passionate. You thrive on challenge and have a proven ability to set ambitious but achievable goals and surpass them A team player. At RBC we work together. You will be the type of person that brings that approach to your work. You will have a proven ability to build, grow, and maintain relationships both internally and externally A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities The ability to make a difference and lasting impact The opportunity to work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services 
ScrapedJobID876:
Design, develop and iterate on backend services that handle millions of requests per day Develop and maintain platform components that enable our core product features Collaborate with engineering leaders to determine how to reliably scale backend systems Use a hands on approach to research, measure and improve application performance Work with infrastructure engineers to collaboratively plan and maintain tools that underpin our developer experience Work closely with leadership to identify and solve architectural and technological challenges Profit-sharing, distributed quarterly Frequent promotions 3 weeks vacation and paid sick days Happy Hour every Friday Extended health benefits Continued education allowance Annual fitness allowance Work from anywhere in the world Join a bootstrapped, product-focused, & customer-oriented team You have several years of experience with PHP 7+ You have experience with modern cloud storage solutions such as BigQuery You are focused around quality and supporting others to maintain a high standard You have an understanding of system design and can quickly scope out projects You are comfortable around modern infrastructure tooling and understand how infrastructure relates to software development You learn fast and are eager to experiment, research and test new technologies to validate how they can be used to fulfill company goals 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID877:
Awesome work-from-home policy with quarterly in-person meetings around the world Competitive salaries for quick-learners and fast-paced individuals You will have the ability to gain career experience beyond strict job requirements, with decision-making power to be the master of your own projects Resources for self-improvement, including courses, software, workshops, and conferences We are committed to hiring great people from diverse backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger Make first connections with new clients via email/phone to set up onboarding meetings Present to the customer an overview of our on-boarding process Understand the software systems the customer is currently using Use tools designed internally to determine endpoints for data access and prepare configuration files for data normalization Communicate with the Engineering Team to prepare automated scripts to access/extract customer data or to normalize data Monitor the data availability and accuracy to ensure the client’s ultimate success using our products Maintain a close relationship with customers to adapt new products to their systems and/or assist the client in ensuring availability of their data Maintain a high level of communication between managers and the development team Conduct formal presentations to other team members, managers, and in public Contribute to various aspects of a growing company Be an ambassador of technological advancement and revolutionized transportation Grow personal connections to the industry to understand trends and opportunities Experience working with software teams for on-boarding or data integration projects High-level understanding of the requirements to operate logging hardware (event recorders, black-boxes, data recorders, etc…) Demonstrated experience in a customer-facing role Demonstrated organization, timeliness, and drive for success At least 2 years of relevant work experience (Preferred) Educational background in software development or engineering (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry Strong written and oral communication abilities, and a customer-centric mindset (Bonus) Speaks multiple languages Python including data processing modules NumPy, Pandas, SciPy Python Machine Learning modules such as Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch SQL (MySQL and Postgres) TimeSeries database (InfluxDB) Cloud computing specifically AWS (VPC, S3, Aurora, RDS, EC2, Step Functions, Lambda, SageMaker) APIs: REST, GraphQL Data Formats: CSV, JSON, XML Development tools: PyCharm, Docker, GIT, Jira, Confluence Agile Development (Kanban, SCRUM) Driven, self-motivated, and detail-focused individuals Clear and concise communicators Passion for career growth and continuous learning Organized in work habits, schedules, timelines, documentation and correspondence Remote work with quarterly in-person meetings (location is voted on every quater) Incentives offered such as Employee Stock Options and yearly bonuses 
ScrapedJobID878:
Provide day to day support for Wealth Management Data application platforms including Unix, Windows, Sybase, SQL Server, SingleStore (In Memory Distributed DB), MQ, Kafka, OpenShift, ELK, Hadoop, Connect Direct, DataStage Provide expert counseling to application development community in building platform solutions by providing expert technical/solution/platform services Design and implement solutions for application team to leverage the Data platforms. Develop automation programs to improve efficiency of Platform supports. Setup monitor/alerts for the platforms and ensure stability and resiliency of the platforms. Leads Platform initiatives from end to end to ensure initiative will be completed successfully. Follow RBC Technology Standards and work with Dev, QA and support team to ensure DMI platforms meet RBC security and compliance standards. Advanced knowledge, experience, and understanding of Unix/Linux, Windows, SQL Server DB, MQ, Kafka Public and Private cloud knowledge, skills and experiences (Azure, AWS, GCP, OpenShift, Dockers, Kubernetes, ELK) Knowledge about application monitoring tools (Dynatrace, Prognosis) and some DevOps tools (Github, Jenkins etc) Development experience with Java, Maven, Unix scripting Strong analytical, consultative, and team communication / facilitative skills Understanding of IT Standards, Methodologies, CMM & audit requirements Agile experiences. Financial institution knowledge A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development and production day to day support through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Opportunities to do challenging work Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities 
ScrapedJobID879:
Autonomy and freedom to innovate Choice of the best of open source and Microsoft-internal technology The ability to experiment, A/B test, and make data-driven decisions Tons of opportunity for outsized impact as part of a small but mighty team on a rapidly-growing product needed now more than ever Compensation, benefits, and perks Internal resources, technology, and opportunities for learning and growth Brand and networking Opportunity for massive scale as part of a suite with hundreds of millions of users Linux on Azure Java and Ruby micro services, deployed as docker containers Graph QL, DropWizard, Rails REST APIs Postgres/CosmosDB/Kafka/RabbitMQ/Redis storage and queuing Mesos container orchestration, HAProxy-based service mesh Wavefront metrics, Azure Data Explorer log aggregation, PagerDuty alerting Develop and execute on the observability and telemetry strategy Own the telemetry and monitoring infrastructure Continually seek deeper insights into the performance, reliability & scalability of our systems Improve service reliability for the entire Yammer team, by reducing mean time to recovery (MTTR) Help all of Yammer prevent service incidents altogether BS in Computer Science or a related field 3+ years of experience in software engineering 3+ years of experience developing and operating cloud services Java, Python, or Golang proficiency Strong knowledge of log and metrics pipelines ELK (Elasticsearch / Logstash / Kibana), TICK, or equivalent Experience with Wavefront, DataDog, NewRelic, or equivalent Familiarity with request tracing implementations like Jaeger, Zipkin, or Opentracing Micro services development, deployment, monitoring Curious about reliability and performance, up and down the stack Experience with large scale OLTP and OLAP deployments Azure | AWS | GCP automation 
ScrapedJobID880:
Work cross-functionally and collaboratively with the Sales, Implementation, Channel, Product Management and Marketing teams to execute against revenue goals Successfully position Calabrio’s product suite within each targeted account to gain customer commitment for purchase and ongoing references and referrals Enhance customer intimacy and provide thought leadership through dialogue with key customers Design and architect Calabrio Cloud and on premise solutions based on customer requirements. Leverage demonstration tools to articulate the value of the product and suite Create the required documentation (Design Documents, SOWs etc.) This role may require up to 65% travel Other core expectations will be defined by your direct supervisor/manager Enterprise telephony and contact center technologies particularly Cisco, Avaya and Contact Center as a Service providers such as Amazon Connect and Twillio. Call recording, Quality Management, Workforce Management, custom Reporting and Analytics Ability to deliver compelling targeted product demonstrations clearly highlighting the product benefits to prospects Desire and ability to learn new technologies and extend the boundaries of or sales tools to target specific opportunities Excellent track record of consistently meeting and exceeding aggressive sales goals Demonstrated ability to influence at multiple levels with an account Strong interpersonal skills and ability to drive collaboration and influence change Outstanding ability to communicate a compelling vision that inspires others to engage Thrives in an extremely fast-paced, dynamic environment Other core competencies will be defined by your direct supervisor/manager Requires a minimum B.A degree in a technical discipline or equivalent and 3-5 years of sales experience in a fast-growing company 5+ years of industry-related sales experience This role may require up to 65% travel 
ScrapedJobID881:
Depending on qualifications and experience, you will be involved in design and simulation of mixed signal communication circuits using sub-micron CMOS technology or BiCMOS technology. You will be working closely with a world class analog design team to develop leading edge high speed mixed signal products. Currently pursuing a PhD degree in relevant field. Solid knowledge in the areas of mixed signal circuit design Prior experience with Cadence design tools and high-speed analog circuit design would be an asset. Experience taping out a chip and subsequent evaluation would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID882:
Google Cloud Architect Certified or able to complete within the first 45 days of employment. Technical mastery of networking, VPNs, compute infrastructure (servers, databases, firewalls, load balancers, etc), and architecting/developing/maintaining production-grade systems in virtualized environments. Applied experience migrating complex, multi-tiered workloads from on-prem to the cloud, including provisioning the target infrastructure and executing cutover plans that minimize system downtime. Applied experience delivering immutable infrastructure-as-code solutions using tools like Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt, and Packer. Applied experience delivering continuous integration/continuous delivery pipelines, utilizing techniques like blue/green and canary deployments, with tools such as Jenkins, CircleCI, TravisCI, and Spinnaker. Working knowledge of systems monitoring, capacity planning, and performance tuning. Knowledge and understanding of industry trends and new technologies and the ability to apply trends to architectural needs. Proven experience and understanding of architecture principles across infrastructure platforms, security, data, integration, and application layers. Experience working with containerization technologies (Kubernetes, Docker, etc) Experience being an administrator on a variety of Linux distributions. Experience with information security practices and procedures Strong working knowledge of VMware, KVM, Xen, Hyper-V, or other virtualization software Make them rave Be data-driven Be one step ahead Be a change agent Do the right thing Make them rave Be data-driven Think one step ahead Drive purposeful impact Do the right thing 
ScrapedJobID883:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID884:
Write automation code for provisioning and operating infrastructure at scale Identify and drive opportunities to improve automation for code deployment, management, and visibility of application services Develop tools and framework to automate operational tasks, deployment of machines, services, applications Work with development teams to integrate deployments with configuration management frameworks 3+ years of Software Development Life Cycle experience 3+ years of public cloud experience (GCP, Azure, AWS) Prior experience specifically in SRE / DevOps, Infrastructure Engineering, and Systems Engineering required Has knowledge of a full stack system and can jump into troubleshoot and diagnose issues in the environment. Contribution to infrastructure code at Senior engineer level (or above). Very strong experience with Linux as an administrator and operator Strong background with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) Strong background in configuration management with frameworks such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible Proficiency with the following programming languages Golang, Python and shell scripting to automate tasks Familiarity building CI/CD pipelines using GitHub, Jenkins, Nexus Proficient at supporting container platforms and container orchestration tools such as Docker and Kubernetes BS or MS in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent professional experience Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, communication, and teamwork skills Excellent written and verbal communication, able to collaborate and rally support Self-disciplined, self-managed, self-motivated and strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive 
ScrapedJobID885:
Extensive experience in Automation Frameworks like Cucumber, testNG, Junit Manual testing experience Experience with build management tools Jenkins, Maven, Ant and continuous integration of automation suites Familiarity and/or Expertise with tools like Jmeter, OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager), CURL, PostMan, Oracle SQL Developer, JIRA, Zephyr, Selenium Motivated self-starter with a desire to innovate Ability to work in an agile environment, including handling interruptions and multi-tasking as needed Superior communication skills (written and verbal) Great team player with an instinct to get the job done, and ability to work well collaboratively or solo depending on project needs Drive for delivering quality products in a timely manner Some experience with JavaScript and/or Typescript Familiarity with testing cloud/SaaS solutions using microservices and Docker with Kubernetes Experience defining automation best practices (use of mock services, data loader, data validation, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID886:
Monitor and detect emerging customer-facing incidents on the Crunch platform; assist in their proactive resolution, and work to prevent them from occurring Coordinate and participate in a weekly on-call rotation, where you will handle short term customer incidents (from direct surveillance or through alerts via our Support Engineers) Diagnose live incidents, differentiate between platform issues versus usage issues across the entire stack; hardware, software, application and network within physical datacenter and cloud-based environments, take the first steps towards resolution, and see the problem through to resolution Automate routine monitoring and troubleshooting tasks Provide consistent, high-quality feedback and recommendations to our product managers and development teams regarding product defects or recurring performance issues Drive improvements and advancements to the platform in areas such as container orchestration, service mesh, request/retry strategies Build frameworks and tools to empower safe, developer-led changes, automate the manual steps and provide insight into our complex system Work directly with the team to enhance the performance, scalability and observability of resources of multiple applications and ensure that production handoff requirements are met and escalate issues Embed into SRE projects to stay close to the operational workflows and issues Evangelize the adoption of best practices in relation to performance and reliability across the organization Maintain project and operational workload statistics Promote a healthy and functional work environment Work with Team Lead and/or external security contractors to do periodic penetration testing, and drive resolution for any issues discovered Administer a large portfolio of SaaS tools used throughout the company Execute other projects from the Team Lead as needed Experience being an on-call DevOps, SRE, or Cloud Operations senior engineer. Experience implementing Terraform best practices for infrastructure in AWS. Proven track record of designing, building, sizing, optimizing, and maintaining cloud infrastructure especially in AWS. Experience with containers and container orchestration tools (Docker / Kubernetes / Helm production experience required) (Spinnaker experience preferred). Experience with improving developer experience with desktop tooling and scripts. Expertise with Linux system administration and networking technologies including (IPv6 nice to have). Knowledge of NoSQL database operations and concepts. Experience with MongoDB, Elasticsearch, and Redis. Capability to write programs/scripts to solve both short-term systems problems and to automate repetitive workflows (Python and Bash preferred). Exceptional English communication and troubleshooting skills. Understanding and experience with implementing good security practices in AWS / Linux / Kubernetes and other listed services, pen testing and internal vulnerability analysis / incident response. Experience in monitoring, system performance data collection and analysis, and reporting. Filling in for IT when necessary for the Crunch.io organization. A keen interest in learning new things and keeping up to date with best practices and latest tooling methods. 
ScrapedJobID887:
4 Years of experience with performance testing using various Performance Testing tools Able to assess Non Functional Requirements and create performance plan & strategy Able to work closely with the solution architect/software development team, gathering requirements and feedback Able to write or leverage scripts that have been written in PT tool (Loadrunner/JMeter) Experience with one or more Infrastructure as a Service cloud providers (AWS/Azure/Google Cloud). Positive attitude and a willingness to be flexible and learn new technologies Very strong communication skills quality assurance: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID888:
Diagnose & troubleshoot complex issues • Provide level 3 support for any System issues, including escalations from the Level 1& 2 teams • Participate with the team in change & incident management processes. As well as, provide root cause analysis for service disruptions • Monitor performance and systems alerts according to requirements • Build an internal wiki with technical documentation and create runbooks for recurring issues. • Perform installations, configurations, maintenance and operations of any new or existing infrastructure service devices to support the Pivotree environment • Work with multiple teams to identify and resolve bottlenecks in processes and procedures • Able to occasionally work out of hours and be part of an on-call support rotation • Provide guidance on other technologies & evaluate their impact on the systems maintained • Develop expertise to train staff on new technologies Key skills & Competencies: • 5+ years professional experience as a senior systems engineer or equivalent position • Good understanding of management tools like Ansible, Puppet • Terraform experience considered an advantage • Proficient in Linux and Windows Operating systems • OS Patching experience will be an asset • Proficient with Hypervisors, such as VMware and OpenStack • Extensive experience in cloud-based infrastructure projects (AWS, Azure) • Proficient with e-commerce infrastructure platforms (Oracle ATG, Magento, Elastic Path, SAP) • A professionally adaptable attitude • A positive, people-oriented and energetic attitude • An analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems • An interest in working hard/being challenged in a fast-paced environment, and having fun while doing it Pivotree is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive and accessible workplace. 
ScrapedJobID889:
Work cross-functionally and collaboratively with the Sales, Implementation, Channel, Product Management and Marketing teams to execute against revenue goals Successfully position Calabrio’s product suite within each targeted account to gain customer commitment for purchase and ongoing references and referrals Enhance customer intimacy and provide thought leadership through dialogue with key customers Design and architect Calabrio Cloud and on premise solutions based on customer requirements. Leverage demonstration tools to articulate the value of the product and suite Create the required documentation (Design Documents, SOWs etc.) This role may require up to 65% travel Other core expectations will be defined by your direct supervisor/manager Enterprise telephony and contact center technologies particularly Cisco, Avaya and Contact Center as a Service providers such as Amazon Connect and Twillio. Call recording, Quality Management, Workforce Management, custom Reporting and Analytics Ability to deliver compelling targeted product demonstrations clearly highlighting the product benefits to prospects Desire and ability to learn new technologies and extend the boundaries of or sales tools to target specific opportunities Excellent track record of consistently meeting and exceeding aggressive sales goals Demonstrated ability to influence at multiple levels with an account Strong interpersonal skills and ability to drive collaboration and influence change Outstanding ability to communicate a compelling vision that inspires others to engage Thrives in an extremely fast-paced, dynamic environment Other core competencies will be defined by your direct supervisor/manager Requires a minimum B.A degree in a technical discipline or equivalent and 3-5 years of sales experience in a fast-growing company 5+ years of industry-related sales experience This role may require up to 65% travel 
ScrapedJobID890:
Design and develop Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) deployment and management automation solutions Automate creation, management, and support of landing zones Automate deployment, provisioning, and management of multiple infrastructure components including but not limited to virtual networks and subnets, virtual machines, storage, IAM services, virtual network appliances, VDI, logging, and monitoring Automate image management through operating system, application, and security upgrades Automate migration, deployment, and provisioning of business applications and databases Automate cloud service management through integration with ServiceNow including service request management, incident/problem management, and proactive event management Create and manage CI/CD pipelines making use of GitHub, GitLab, Jenkins, Artifactory, Docker, Kubernetes, and other tools as required Create DevOps software using Terraform, ARM scripts, PowerShell, Bash, Python, JavaScript, Ansible or other tools, scripts, and programming languages as required Automate IaC development and testing with GitLab and Jenkins Write system scripts to automate daily administration of Windows and Linux systems Automate system backups and recovery BS degree in Computer Science/related field or commensurate body of previous work 5+ years’ experience with a wide range of DevOps and cloud technologies Previous consulting experience in DevOps/Agile/Lean environment Prior experience working with Azure cloud is a must; experience with working with AWS or GCP is a plus Demonstrated experience working with the following tools: GitHub, GitLab, Jenkins, Artifactory, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible Automation experience with at least one configuration/deployment management system such as Terraform or Azure Resource Manager (ARM) Proficient in leveraging CI and CD tools to automate testing and deployment (GitLab, Jenkins) Experience working with at least one of the following programming languages: Python, JavaScript, PowerShell, Bash. Knowledge of Linux and Windows Server administration Knowledge of hypervisor technologies like VMware vSphere/vCenter, Microsoft Hyper-V, or Nutanix Acropolis Must have a passion for customer success, team building, and a commitment to team success Solution-oriented with proactive mindset and superior attention to detail Ability to be strategic and execute fast in a fast-paced environment Self - motivated and ambitious, interested in personal growth and development A team of bright, hard-working, and innovative people that will contribute to your growth Vacation, retirement plan, and a comprehensive benefits plan 
ScrapedJobID891:
Use Google Cloud Platform to build Enterprise-grade Big Data solutions. Working in tandem with our architecture team to identify and implement the most optimal cloud-based solutions for the company. Create, and develop cloud-based data solutions. Managing cloud environments in accordance with company security guidelines. Deploying and debugging cloud data initiatives as needed in accordance with best practices throughout the development lifecycle. Employing problem-solving skills, with the ability to see and solve issues before they snowball into problems. Build new cloud-based data pipelines. Bring together multiple data sources into a unified data warehouse. Apply analytics and visualizations to customer data sets. Assist in strategic direction and planning for the growth of the Cloud Data Team Act as a technical lead on projects Ability to mentor junior engineers Ability to review and provide feedback on code written by another engineer. 4+ years or more of consulting experience. Strong Demonstrable Experience with the following programming languages
Python
Scala
Java Python Scala Java Knowledge of the following visualization tools.
Data Studio
Looker
Tableau
Qlik
Quicksight Data Studio Looker Tableau Qlik Quicksight Experience with large data sets and Enterprise-grade databases (structured and unstructured) Experience deploying data pipelines. Deep understanding of the ETL (extract, transform, load) process. Experience extracting data from multiple sources via APIs and scripting. Experience transforming data through field mapping, programmatic rulesets, and data integrity checking. Able to expertly convey ideas and concepts to others. Excellent communication skills (verbal, written, and presentation) Creative problem-solving skills and the ability to design solutions not immediately apparent. Ability to participate in multiple projects concurrently. Customer-oriented and shows a bias for action. Able to function in a highly dynamic team that moves rapidly from idea to planning to implementation. Highly adaptable with the ability to learn new technologies quickly without direct oversight. Extensive experience with open-source technology, software development, and system engineering. Excellent communication and organizational skills, and the ability to stay focused on completing tasks and meeting goals within a busy workspace. Interest in Cloud Engineering and its impact on greater business practices. Skilled at working in tandem with a team of engineers, or alone as required. 4 + years of GCP data engineering experience with the following
Cloud Composer
DataFlow
Apache Beam
DataProc
Spark
Data Prep
BigQuery
Cloud SQL Cloud Composer DataFlow Apache Beam DataProc Spark Data Prep BigQuery Cloud SQL 4+ years ETL/ ELT experience 4+ years experience with Data Lake Patterns 4+ Python, Scala, and Java programming languages Database systems (SQL and NoSQL). ... Experienced with Data warehousing solutions Experience working with data structures and models Experience delivering/deploying Data Optimizations & Modernizations Experience using and automating ETL tools for batch and streaming processes Experienced in developing distributed processes Experience in 1 or more of the Data Consumption Tools and Services below.
Machine Learning
BigQuery ML Machine Learning BigQuery ML Familiarity and experiences with Machine Learning development life cycle Tactical knowledge of Machine Learning models Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade Big Data solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud Experience working with big data, information retrieval, data mining or machine learning as well as experience in building multi-tier high availability applications with modern web technologies (such as NoSQL, MongoDB, SparkML, Tensorflow) 
ScrapedJobID892:
Articulate the F5 product strategy, messaging, and positioning F5’s value proposition and solutions for customer business objectives Provide technical expertise through sales presentations, solution designs, solution demonstrations, proofs of concept by various mediums: in-person, virtual presentations, white boarding etc. Determine viability of opportunity and map out organizational structure. Drive the sales process in partnership with the Account Manager, by identifying the Technical Decision Maker, getting their technical validation, support, and sponsorship. Consistently provide world-class customer service through the customer life cycle. Work collaboratively with internal technical and sales resources, share best practices, updates, offer and seek expertise as the need arises in various opportunities. Familiarity with Agile Development practices Experience with DevOps, CI/CD, and SCM tools Experience with container orchestration platforms Familiarity with container and cloud telemetry tools API development and/or management Experience with cloud providers (GCP, AWS, Azure, etc.) Proficient in one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Golang, etc.) 8 + years of related industry experience BS/BA or equivalent work experience Familiarity/experience with F5 or similar industry solution deployment a plus Relevant certifications a plus This is a self-driven role, so career growth and development is available at every stage of your career. Competitive pay, family friendly benefits , and cool perks Tuition assistance for professional development Culture of giving back , strong diversity and inclusion interest groups 
ScrapedJobID893:
Are you happiest when you’re taking all the pieces and making them work together without a hitch with rock-solid code? Would you like to build across the full range of functionality of our global infrastructure as well as get opportunities to do technical design and architecture? Are you excited about creating efficient tools and streamlined development experiences for our team? Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and security while instrumenting services to provide high quality insight into emerging issues Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software solutions, perform vendor-related activities, and create documentation such as user guides and software development guides Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements to development efficiency As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are encouraged to grow your skills with continual learning, workshops, conferences, and talks. Leadership is technical, meetings are short As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and regions, deploying updates, migrating databases, and architecting self-healing infinitely scaling services Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Java experience, or experience with at least one object-oriented language such as Java, C#, C++, Python, or Scala with some prior experience with Java Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API services Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: Linux, networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud providers Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID894:
Participate in proactive account management, spot performance issues, analyze problems, develop solutions to meet customer needs, represent them. Provides the most effective method of service delivery by analyzing trends and common themes across customers. Create deliverables to address common customer needs & support mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, share intellectual property with others. Engages in strategic service delivery planning, in partnership with the virtual account team (VAT), to strengthen targeted customer relationships. Gathers customer impressions of products and services and integrates this feedback into decision making. Seeks information about the underlying needs of customers. Allocates and aligns resources to optimize the customer experience. Develops and communicates realistic performance goals and standards. Builds plans that consider potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences. Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services. Provides stakeholder assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues. Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members. Identifies opportunities to articulate business value and grow customer/partner relationships in alignment with Customer Success business priorities and stakeholder management principles. Provides and drives actionable feedback across groups about the customer/partner experience and competitor threats. Modifies existing intellectual property (IP) or, where applicable, creates new content. Consistently apply "lessons learned", model personal accountability & teamwork. Demonstrates an understanding of his or her role and contribution to customer/partner change management and adoption initiatives. Understands customer/partner requirements and can map the adoption and optimization of Microsoft technology solutions accordingly. Drives and Supports innovation focusing on industry solutions and customer business outcomes on the Microsoft platform. Contribute & participate with meetings to articulate service offerings to all customers; share knowledge thru communities, adapt for customers. Cultivates relationships, credibility, and loyalty with customers and partners intentionally by sharing relevant business expertise. Demonstrated Self Learner At least 5 years of experience with Microsoft Identity and Security products and implementation Broad and depth skills on Active Directory, Azure AD and preferably ADFS, Azure AD Premium features like MFA, conditional access, Azure AD Identity Protection and Azure AD Privilege Identity Management. Knowledgeable in Microsoft 365 E5 Security Solutions like Microsoft Defender for Identity, Microsoft Cloud App Security or Microsoft Defender for Endpoint as well as Azure Sentinel or Azure Defender. Deep knowledge in implementation, optimization and troubleshooting of Azure Cloud technologies: Cloud Infrastructure: Virtualization, Storage, HPC, VDI, Linux, Containers and container orchestration, OSS Cloud Operations / Management: Monitoring and logging, Operations Cloud Networking: ExpressRoute, vWAN, Ingress/Egress patterns and services Cloud Security & Governance: IAM, monitoring, encryption, cloud native policies and controls Ability to use trace analysis, debug skills, source code, and other proprietary tools, to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs; this may involve writing code. Strong Technical Delivery and Customer facing presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences. Ability to travel internationally and able to obtain a valid passport within 90 days of joining the team. Bachelor’s Degree (B.S./B.A.) or equivalent Fluency in written and spoken English and French Ability to match technical solutions with customer business requirements. Ability to lead and motivate technical communities. 
ScrapedJobID895:
We offer flexibility We offer a diverse work environment Futureproof your career with a job in information security Design and develop new features, in Java, JS/JQuery or, SQL. Design and code unit tests in Java to verify functionality of Entrust software Build with tools such as Jira, Confluence, JFrog Artifactory, BitBucket, Swagger and other open source tools Set up local development environment running SpringBoot and Apache. Enrolled in an undergraduate Computer Science or Software Engineering program Completed at least two years of course work in your current program Good with details, time management and planning. Great at communications and writing. Can coordinate your activities within a team of energetic developers. Always consider the customer’s point of view. You have learned to program in several different languages You are comfortable working with Windows and the Unix/Linux family of operating systems You understand object-oriented design and apply design patterns You have used tools to manage, build, and test code that you have written. Familiarity with Cloud – AWS, Kubernetes, and Dockers would be an asset Leader in the security industry Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams Opportunities for on-the-job training You’ll help secure identities! 
ScrapedJobID896:
Detailed Design – Producing system designs including block diagrams, process flow charts, simulation, writing of software, development of HMIs, and application of safety standards in context of complete system designs and detailed concepts developed by intermediate and senior staff. Assembly and Test – Hands-on work in a shop environment assisting with building, troubleshooting, and functional testing of software implementations on equipment. Document Writing – Responsible for the generation of detailed documentation of software and controls protocols written for projects Engineering Changes – Completion of updates and revisions to maintain and improve on existing documentation. Field Work – Traveling to client sites to commission, test and troubleshoot equipment. Standards – Ensuring department priorities are met related to safety, quality, production, and task delivery/completion. Mentoring – Providing design oversight, knowledge transfer, and coaching to other Engineering staff. Project Technical Lead – Reviewing quality of work, provide design oversight, task management and resource requests within a project setting. Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, computer science, or software engineering with focus on control systems development or equivalent technical degree. Minimum of 3 years of experience in developing embedded controls systems The following experience would be considered an asset:
Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF.
Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing
Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies
Systems engineering
Human/machine Interfaces
Cloud-based system implementation
Data analytics Model-based controls development with rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB/Simulink/SF. Software development process knowledge e.g., requirements capture, architecture development, software design, implementation and verification / validation testing Model-in-the-Loop, Hardware-in-the-Loop or Software-in-the-Loop simulation, testing, and validation of control strategies Systems engineering Human/machine Interfaces Cloud-based system implementation Data analytics Strong electrical and technical inclination Exceptional communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Excellent attention to detail and accuracy Critical thinking and problem solving skills Self-motivated and capable of taking initiative to complete tasks Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong time management skills and the ability to work effectively under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose electrical systems. 
ScrapedJobID897:
Build up optical test beds to qualify pluggable optical transceivers Foster constructive and collaborative relationships with external suppliers Work with Hardware and Software teams, Product Line Management, and Compliance team to understand internal requirements Work with Procurement, Business Development, and Commodity management to select external suppliers to meet Nokia’s request Assist the development of specifications for optical modules Plan and execute design verification testing Minimum B.Sc or B.Eng in Electrical or Computer Engineering or Applied Physics 2+ years of related industry experience Fluent programming ability in Python, LabVIEW, MATLAB, or similar Solid experience and knowledge in the integration and qualification of various photonic components, particularly high-speed pluggable optical transceivers Working knowledge on various instruments like bit error rate tester, network traffic analyzer, digital communication analyzer, real time oscilloscope, and optical spectrum analyzer Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills 5+ years of hands-on experience with network equipment or optical transport systems from vendors like: Nokia, Juniper, Cisco, Infinera, Ciena, etc. Familiar with testing methods and specifications for NRZ / PAM4 signalling Conversant with IEEE 802.3 standards, OIF implementation agreements, and MSA specifications Comprehensive knowledge of coherent optical transceivers Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with competing priorities. 
ScrapedJobID898:
As a Pre-Sales Engineer, you will be expected to partner with and support the Sales Organization to identify and develop existing business and help close new business. You will provide pre-sales support, advance the technical sales agenda and ensure that prospects and existing customers have the right technical solutions to meet their needs. This role will allow you to influence the way the customers utilize our products and technologies on a day-day and strategic basis.
Primary Responsibilities of a Pre-Sales Engineer include:
Participate in sales calls to support the technical sales agenda and enhance the customer experience
Understand customer requirements, their business challenges and design innovative technical solutions and translate their needs into a compelling vision
Deliver story-driven demonstrations that showcase the broad scope of OSIsoft products and technologies, including new and related emerging technologies (Cloud, IoT, SaaS, Analytics, AI and Machine Learning)
Collaborate with the Engineering Deployment and Performance Guild to ensure that customer requirements and proposed technical solutions are aligned with our product guidelines and capabilities
Plan and facilitate delivery of discovery and technical workshops
Document all customer interactions within the related sales opportunities in Salesforce
Collaborate with Customer Success Managers and Success Services to ensure that the post-sales services/implementation are aligned with the technical solutions that were proposed during the pre-sale stages
Influence the team through peer support and propose novel approaches that will positively impact the way the team operates
Work with Industry Principal and Industry Champions to support customer meetings and contribute to industry collateral
Provide sales support at User’s Conferences, Regional Seminars and other events
Support the Proposals Team to respond to RFIs and RFPs
Collaborate with Partner Solution Architects to provide sales support for partners
Other Responsibilities
Contribute to the industry-based use-case demonstration content in the Demonstration Framework (DF)
Produce customer case studies
Comply with overall sales process and metrics
Pre-Sales Engineers must work as a support member of the Account Team and take direction from the Account Owner
Role Requirements
Bachelor of Science or higher in an engineering or technical discipline
Interest and curiosity in technical aspects and understanding customer requirements within multiple industries
Strong written, presentation and communication skills
Ability to translate technical topics and solutions in simple language to a variety of audiences
Proficiency in English is required
Prior experience working in a Pre-Sales or Sales role with an understanding of the sales process is a plus
Experience with the PI System, ideally though a technical support or services role is a plus
Inquisitive and passionate about technology and sharing knowledge
Ability to travel, up to 50%
About AVEVA
We are the makers of the PI System, the leading operations data management platform in essential sectors, such as power generation and utilities, water, oil and gas, mining, metals, manufacturing, pharmaceutical, facilities, transportation, food and beverage, and more. Every day, industrial professionals in 146 countries rely on the PI System to improve operational performance, protect health and safety, keep the lights on, and make the world run more smoothly. Learn more about how you can make a difference at www.osisoft.com/careers .
OSIsoft is now part of AVEVA, a global leader in industrial software, driving digital transformation and sustainability. By connecting the power of information and artificial intelligence with human insight, AVEVA enables teams to use their data to unlock new value. We call this Performance Intelligence.
AVEVA’s comprehensive portfolio enables more than 20,000 industrial enterprises to engineer smarter, operate better and drive sustainable efficiency. The company is headquartered in Cambridge, UK, with over 6,500 employees and 90 offices in over 40 countries.
Adhering to our tenets, we are pathfinders, we are honest, and we respect people: our customers, partners, and especially our employees. We are committed to an inclusive workplace and accept applications without regard to race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or gender characteristic, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service or veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
#LI-JM1 Participate in sales calls to support the technical sales agenda and enhance the customer experience Understand customer requirements, their business challenges and design innovative technical solutions and translate their needs into a compelling vision Deliver story-driven demonstrations that showcase the broad scope of OSIsoft products and technologies, including new and related emerging technologies (Cloud, IoT, SaaS, Analytics, AI and Machine Learning) Collaborate with the Engineering Deployment and Performance Guild to ensure that customer requirements and proposed technical solutions are aligned with our product guidelines and capabilities Plan and facilitate delivery of discovery and technical workshops Document all customer interactions within the related sales opportunities in Salesforce Collaborate with Customer Success Managers and Success Services to ensure that the post-sales services/implementation are aligned with the technical solutions that were proposed during the pre-sale stages Influence the team through peer support and propose novel approaches that will positively impact the way the team operates Work with Industry Principal and Industry Champions to support customer meetings and contribute to industry collateral Provide sales support at User’s Conferences, Regional Seminars and other events Support the Proposals Team to respond to RFIs and RFPs Collaborate with Partner Solution Architects to provide sales support for partners Contribute to the industry-based use-case demonstration content in the Demonstration Framework (DF) Produce customer case studies Comply with overall sales process and metrics Pre-Sales Engineers must work as a support member of the Account Team and take direction from the Account Owner Bachelor of Science or higher in an engineering or technical discipline Interest and curiosity in technical aspects and understanding customer requirements within multiple industries Strong written, presentation and communication skills Ability to translate technical topics and solutions in simple language to a variety of audiences Proficiency in English is required Prior experience working in a Pre-Sales or Sales role with an understanding of the sales process is a plus Experience with the PI System, ideally though a technical support or services role is a plus Inquisitive and passionate about technology and sharing knowledge Ability to travel, up to 50% 
ScrapedJobID899:
Graduated (or will be graduating) between 2020 and September 2022 Have an Associate’s Degree, College Diploma, Bachelor’s Degree, or Master’s Degree (Exception: The Associates Program does not accept MBA or PhD candidates/graduates) Have maximum 2 years of full-time, professional work experience Are within commuting distance of Toronto/Calgary, with flexibility to travel 80-100% of the time Are eligible to work in Canada without current or future need for visa sponsorship Toronto Calgary Communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders to understand and define business needs and translate them to a data science context Work in an agile, collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists, engineers, consultants, and database administrators to integrate the latest predictive analytics with enterprise-level application development Build teams or write programs to cleanse and integrate data sources in an efficient and reusable manner, resulting in high-quality, clean datasets Incorporate a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques on big data, using leading edge tools such as R (ggplot2) and Python (scikit-learn, tensor-flow), combined with IBM tools and AI application suites Implement and validate predictive models with the end user, using quick feedback loops to iterate and develop the most usable models for the specific use case Deploy and maintain machine learning models using established best practices, allowing the client to consistently gain high value from advanced analytics projects Strong fundamentals in Mathematics and Computer Science (algorithms) Demonstrated programming proficiency and experience with at least one programming language, preferably Java or JavaScript Proficiency in least one or more statistical programming languages (e.g. R, Python, Scala, SAS, SPSS, MATLAB) Basic understanding of or experience with predictive/prescriptive modeling Exposure to Cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud) is an asset Ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions Ability to thrive in an ever-changing, technology-based consulting environment, using agile development techniques 
ScrapedJobID900:
Apply software engineering best practices to automating the art of thoroughly testing software that saves lives when used in action by our customers Design, plan, and execute test plans and test cases for ESO’s SaaS and mobile products. Your work will be essential to ensuring that our product offerings meet and exceed our customer’s expectations by testing all tiers in our distributed application stack. Verify data flows within applications, test on variety of device types (web, native, mobile), as well as verify proper software behavior at various levels (user interface, API, backend). You should be comfortable integrating automation tests within CI/CD pipelines and familiar with non-functional requirements testing such as performance and load testing. Practice continuous integration, embrace open-source software, and make informed technology and product decisions. We are an Agile development shop and regularly demo our work to project stakeholders. 2-3 years’ experience as an SDET or QA Engineer Strong programming experience with Java, C#, Python, TypeScript or similar languages Extensive experience with backend testing and automating API calls Good design principles on creating and maintaining automation frameworks Exposure to Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment practices Proficiency in SQL and relational database concepts Experience with Git or other distributed version control systems A large group of former co-workers who will say they loved working with you Passion about what you do and want to know how your work impacts ESO’s success Experience with automated performance testing (e.g. jmeter, cypress, etc.) Experience with Snowflake and/or SiSense Experience in the Azure cloud services and components or other Cloud platform Start up or small company experience is desired as you will be owning the various applications under test PTO (starting at 20 days) & 12 company holidays 401(k) with company match Telemedicine service provided by ESO Savings accounts (FSA, HSA, DCA) Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Annual health and wellness reimbursement Peace of mind benefits such as life insurance, disability insurance, and worksite benefits Paid parental leave, new child program, & flexible parental return-to-work options Casual office environments and unlimited office snacks and drinks 
ScrapedJobID901:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID902:
Support Field Sales Efforts: Perform technical qualification and solutions consulting for prospects by developing a thorough understanding of their business and technical requirements. Act as Technical Product Expert: Continuously learn the platform capabilities in-depth, and use that knowledge to provide real-time expert guidance on its applicability to customer ecosystems and use cases. Service Modelling and Design: Analyze urban/rural areas (density, road network, etc.), travel patterns, user profiles, demand data, client requirements, and design on-demand transit services that leverage the RideCo platform and are superior to existing transportation options, highlighting expected KPIs and Service Level parameters. Solution Presentations: You will combine your technical breadth and creative mind to create and present compelling solution overviews and demonstrations that convey the value of the RideCo platform and the service model design in a manner that is relevant to the prospective client, and easy to understand. Transition Closed Business To Customer Success: Use technical documentation and associated processes to migrate new business opportunities from pre-sales to post-sales. Collect and Share Lessons Learned: Share critical technical experience with the rest of the Presales, Product, Marketing, and Solutions Engineering teams, both formally and informally. RFPs and RFIs: Responsible for responding to technical and solution related aspects of prospect RFI’s and RFP’s 2+ years of experience in a Technical Sales role, or an implementation role(s) at a SaaS company Proven track record telling great stories, taking pleasure from explaining complex concepts in simple language that is easily digestible while articulating key differentiators Impressive communication and writing experience demonstrated through a portfolio of presentations, case studies, proposals, pitch decks, blogs, infographics, or videos Demonstrated ability to present to technical audiences and be able to handle objections on the fly. Tools: Proficient in Excel and Microsoft Office tools. Experience working with business intelligence or visualization tools such as Tableau / SAS / Cognos Willing to travel at least 15% of working time, as needed Education: Degree in engineering, business, marketing, or related discipline Location: Based in Waterloo, Ontario Base Salary: $100K - $130K + performance-based bonus Benefits Plan: Dental, prescription, disability, massage, and more Work-Life Balance: Flex time, work from home, vacation time 
ScrapedJobID903:
Assists with the ongoing conceptualization, development and implementation of an enterprise architecture. Partners with business line managers, providing technical and system expertise, to synergize IT strategic direction and product concepts. Partners with product development management to define IT strategic direction and assists in the mapping of projects to that strategic direction whilst ensuring product capabilities and process improvements are delivered over time within the framework of the IMS enterprise architecture. Leads cross-functional product development teams, acting also as a senior consultant to provide system and technical advice. Keeps up to date with technology changes and identifies opportunities for implementation in future systems. Incubate new ideas with working code for proof of concept Work with development teams to:
Direct their re-platforming efforts to use appropriate Functional Programming patterns
Code review and walkthrough
Coordinate interfaces and APIs (ReST and Scala) between the teams; drive adoption and agreement
Answer questions from the development teams on the platform Direct their re-platforming efforts to use appropriate Functional Programming patterns Code review and walkthrough Coordinate interfaces and APIs (ReST and Scala) between the teams; drive adoption and agreement Answer questions from the development teams on the platform Vet proposed architectures and advise on internal investment decisions Some travel will be required, as needed Ability to learn new frameworks, languages, paradigms, and techniques quickly and with little direction Strive to be a thought leader and advanced practitioner in creative tools and tactics; forward-thinking in understanding the emerging tools, technologies, and technology practices Functional programming and design experience in any language Strong Computer Science fundamentals and firm understandings of data structures and algorithms Relational database development and data warehousing know-how Object-oriented design, with a focus on type systems, static typing and application design patterns Prior experience of working in global teams. Skill to guide and coordinate with other developers SOA experience creating web services and APIs Test driven design and automated testing techniques Can take a passionate stand on technology and communicate across a large organization Development team leadership Azure or AWS experience building cloud native platforms Experience with Databricks, Azure Synapse, Snowflake Hadoop HDFS, Spark SQL, Scala, Dataframes, Streaming, MLlib, GraphX Passion for open source technologies, with a history of contributions Actor based concurrency systems (Akka, Scalaz, or Quasar) Apache Spark and related technologies (Hive, HDFS, Hadoop, YARN, Mesos) DevOps expertise (Git, Jenkins, Maven, SBT, Eclipse, IntelliJ, JIRA) CloudOps familiarity (IaaS like AWS, PaaS, Docker, Vagrant, Infrastructure as code, continuous deployment) Static code analysis tooling usage (SonarQube, Findbugs) Healthcare data a plus 
ScrapedJobID904:
Assist the Director with strategy, forecasting, budgets, expenditures, and technology vendor management Document, maintain and monitor daily operations of infrastructure technology, analyzing work, developing standards, setting deadlines, and following up on execution Support applications and systems by meeting or exceeding standards and service levels while minimizing operational risk Ensure timely notification and escalation of possible issues/problems, root causes options, and recommendations for prompt resolution Monitor system life cycles, ensure specifications and functionality support business objectives and architecture requirements Disaster recovery and Business Continuity planning and execution (define, review, test) Provide day-to-day support to the various projects’ activities during their respective implementation by maintaining proper communication with each and enabling quick status report via Tecsys’ ticketing system to the stakeholders. Manage daily assignments to a team of highly technical DevOps Engineer and Database Administrator. Create and maintain extensive work plans detailing complex infrastructure and operations projects in a fast moving engineering environment. Persistently remove ambiguity and reduce complexity to ensure clarity around project goals, expectations and timelines, both internal projects and clients’ projects. Ensure high availability of the platform through thoughtful monitoring and collaboration with the NOC team, and release practices, and an efficient incident management system. Identify interdependencies between the various stakeholder groups to ensure all are aligned and risks are identified, mitigated and communicated. Enable cloud engineering teams to work with our support organization and security team to develop processes that are well documented and executed. Own systems for project documentation, status tracking, and communication to coordinate between engineering and project stakeholders to ensure delivery and overall project health escalating any issues, as appropriate, in a timely manner. Establish, drive and continuously improve standards for processes that promote a high standard for product delivery and efficiency of teams. Mentor the professional development of each direct report through personal and performance management. Craft individual improvement/goal plans with each direct report and ensure that they receive regular, documented feedback. Bachelor's degree in technical discipline You have 5+ years of experience managing through technical programs Prior engineering, infrastructure, or software development project management experience for Site Reliability Engineering / DevOps / Infrastructure domain Exceptional organizational, project management, and technical acumen. Proficiency and experience in delivering large scale infrastructure projects Self-motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities, strong analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills Strong verbal and written communication skills to represent at all levels Strong facilitation skills (requirements sessions, design meetings, progress and status meetings Knowledge of Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Knowledge and experiences of AWS Knowledge of GitLab (enterprise license) preferred (or at minimum, Jenkins required) Knowledge of Terraform preferred Knowledge of Ansible preferred Knowledge of Kubernetes preferred Knowledge of Helm preferred Basic knowledge of Java- or .Net-based development required Experience with SaaS company is preferred Escalation on-call rotation Occasional travel (quarterly offsites, conferences – less than 10%) 
ScrapedJobID905:
Work together with customers and partners for successful implementation and delivery Deliver on support KPIs – Minimize initial reaction times, message processing times and other KPIs for internal / external customer issues Implement monitoring, logging, alerting, and SLA Reporting (observability) Analyze and solve operational issues, and respond to incidents Ability to debug, optimize code, and automate routine tasks. Systematic problem-solving approach coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of drive. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience Experience working with at least one of the following programming languages: Go, Python, Node.js, Ruby and Java or equivalent 2+ years of experience in projects involving Java, NodeJS, J2EE, messaging, Microservices and Containers for complex, scalable, SAAS or enterprise grade products Experience with automation orchestration, and configuration management tools such as Chef/Ansible, Terraform and Jenkins/Concourse Experience with Docker and container orchestration using Kubernetes Experience working with appropriate complex systems administration, database administration, and landscape maintenance Ability to work with distributed teams in a collaborative and productive manner Experience in one of the SAP's cloud solutions 
ScrapedJobID906:
Collaborate closely with Design, Architecture and Product Owners to create the best experience for our customers. Design, develop and build software and optimize their deployment. Create and update data integration, modeling, optimization, data quality, and other areas directly relevant to data engineering Creates and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture Develop RESTful web service & microservices. Implementing unit and integration test cases with the goal to have an 85% code coverage. Select the best technologies and frameworks to create solutions. Contribute with updates to existing systems, including carrying out bug fixes and enhancements to the functionality of existing software. Working with servers and serverless technologies like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Google Cloud Functions, Auth0k. Execute code reviews with team members; offer constructive feedback and advice to team members. 5+ years of Back-end development experience. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related degree. Excellent knowledge and demonstrated experience with Node.js and Typescript. Strong experience API building with REST and Microservices. Experience in building data Pipelines, data management including data integration, modeling, optimization, data quality, and other areas directly relevant to data engineering Excellent knowledge of both NoSQL and Relational Databases Experience working in cloud-based technologies such as AWS and Azure. Python and Angular (Full Stack) will be considered an asset. Good understanding of Machine learning Problem-solving and analytical skills. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Experience with data security will be considered an asset. Knowledge of container-based deployment will be considered an asset. Experience from working in an Agile environment, using DevOps and CI/CD. We offer very attractive salaries The opportunity to own shares in our company through our ESOP program RRSP matching up to 3% A generous vacation program & additional paid time off during the holidays Health, Dental and many additional wellness benefits Flexible work arrangements, allowing you to work from home or the office. Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID907:
Participate in proactive account management, spot performance issues, analyze problems, develop solutions to meet customer needs, represent them. Provides the most effective method of service delivery by analyzing trends and common themes across customers. Create deliverables to address common customer needs & support mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, share intellectual property with others. Engages in strategic service delivery planning, in partnership with the virtual account team, to strengthen targeted customer relationships. Gathers customer impressions of products and services and integrates this feedback into decision making. Seeks information about the underlying needs of customers. Develops and communicates realistic performance goals and standards. Builds plans that consider potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences. Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services. Provides stakeholder assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues. Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members. Identifies opportunities to articulate business value and grow customer/partner relationships in alignment with Customer Success business priorities and stakeholder management principles. Provides and drives actionable feedback across groups about the customer/partner experience and competitor threats. Modifies and delivers existing intellectual property (IP) or, where applicable, creates new content. Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members. Consistently apply "lessons learned", model personal accountability & teamwork. Demonstrates an understanding of his or her role and contribution to customer/partner change management and adoption initiatives. Demonstrates the ability to articulate value propositions for the most strategic Microsoft products and services, and to position them against competitors. Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services. Identifies business and technical risks in programs, assesses their impact, and proposes mitigations and contingencies. Provides stakeholder and business decision maker assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues. Understands customer/partner requirements and can map the adoption and optimization of Microsoft technology solutions accordingly. Drives and Supports innovation focusing on industry solutions and customer business outcomes on the Microsoft platform. Contribute & participate with meetings to articulate support offerings to all customers; share knowledge thru communities, adapt for customers. Cultivates relationships, credibility, and loyalty with customers and partners intentionally by sharing relevant business expertise. Participer de manière proactive à la gestion des comptes, détecter les problèmes de performance, analyser les problèmes, développer des solutions qui répondent aux besoins des clients et représenter ces derniers. Fournir la méthode la plus efficace en matière de prestation de services en analysant les tendances et les thèmes communs à tous les clients. Créer des éléments livrables qui répondent aux besoins courants des clients, favoriser une stratégie axée sur les technologies infonuagiques et mobiles, et partager la propriété intellectuelle avec les autres. S’engager dans la planification stratégique de prestations de services, en partenariat avec l’équipe de compte virtuel, afin de renforcer la relation avec les clients ciblés. Recueillir les impressions des clients sur les produits et services et tenir compte de ces commentaires au moment de la prise de décisions. Rechercher des informations au sujet des besoins sous-jacents des clients. Élaborer des normes et des objectifs de performance réalistes, et transmettre ceux-ci. Élaborer des plans qui tiennent compte des obstacles potentiels et des conséquences à court et à long terme. Faire preuve d’expertise pour une solution particulière ou pour plusieurs produits, fonctionnalités ou services. Offrir de l’assistance aux intervenants tout au long du déploiement pour éviter les problèmes techniques ou les résoudre. Rechercher les occasions d’améliorer les résultats d’affaires relatifs à la satisfaction de la clientèle en collaborant avec plusieurs membres de l’équipe. Repérer les occasions de démontrer la valeur commerciale et de développer les relations avec les clients et les partenaires, et ce, conformément aux priorités commerciales relatives à la satisfaction de la clientèle et aux principes de gestion des intervenants. Favoriser la rétroaction et faire part des commentaires exploitables à l’ensemble des groupes concernant l’expérience des clients et partenaires et les menaces présentées par les concurrents. Modifier et livrer la propriété intellectuelle existante ou créer celle-ci, le cas échéant. Rechercher les occasions d’améliorer les résultats d’affaires relatifs à la satisfaction de la clientèle en collaborant avec plusieurs membres de l’équipe. Appliquer systématiquement les apprentissages et montrer l’exemple en matière de responsabilisation et de travail d’équipe. Démontrer une compréhension de son rôle et contribuer aux initiatives d’adoption et de gestion du changement des clients et des partenaires. Démontrer la capacité d’articuler des propositions de valeur pour les produits et services Microsoft les plus stratégiques, afin de les positionner face à la concurrence. Faire preuve d’expertise pour une solution particulière ou pour plusieurs produits, fonctionnalités ou services. Cerner les risques d’affaires et techniques au sein des programmes, évaluer leur impact et proposer des mesures d’atténuation et d’urgence. Offrir de l’assistance aux intervenants et aux décideurs d’affaires tout au long du déploiement pour éviter les problèmes techniques ou les résoudre. Posséder une bonne compréhension des exigences des clients et des partenaires et élaborer un plan relatif à l’adoption et à l’optimisation des solutions de technologies Microsoft en conséquence. Stimuler et soutenir l’innovation en se concentrant sur les solutions du secteur et sur les résultats commerciaux des clients sur la plateforme Microsoft. Participer activement aux réunions pour présenter les offres de soutien à tous les clients; partager ses connaissances avec les communautés et s’adapter en fonction des clients. Favoriser les relations, renforcer la crédibilité de l’entreprise aux yeux des clients et partenaires, et fidéliser ces derniers intentionnellement en partageant une expertise commerciale pertinente. At least 5 years of experience with Microsoft Server products and implementation 3+ years of working experience with deployment of Azure Cloud based solutions. At least 2 years of security related experience with any of the following security domain technologies: Azure Security Infrastructure, Databases, Networking, Virtual Machines Azure Secrets and Keys Azure Identity Troubleshooting of data logging and audit, security monitoring Azure Governance and Compliance Microsoft Defender for Identity Azure Sentinel Microsoft Client/Server Operating Systems Security, including related services (eg Certificate Authority, authentication/authorization mechanisms, encryption, health attestation) Microsoft Security recommendation experience (eg Securing Privileged Access, Credential Theft Mitigations) Azure Security Services (eg Azure Advanced Threat Protection, Azure Information Protection, Azure Security Center, Azure Log Analytics) Security Threat Landscape experience including advanced attack vectors and tools (eg Pass the Hash, Golden Ticket, ransomware) Cloud workload protection SIEM, and Cloud Security Analytics Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR) Threat protection Data encryption and protection key services. Security Operation Center Identity and Access Management Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, Microsoft Defender for O365 Microsoft Enterprise Mobility Suite + Security (EMS), Azure Information Protection/Data Loss Prevention Intune/Autopilot Advanced Threat Hunting Compliance Other endpoint security solutions and comprehensive threat protection technologies. Fluency in written and spoken English. Ability to speak French a plus. Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Associate. AZ-500 or Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert AZ-303 /AZ-304 strongly desirable Current Government of Canada security clearance[JO2] is desirable or the ability to obtain clearance Ability to work independently and collaboratively working in a fast-paced environment where technology and customers' requirements can change regularly Demonstrated aptitude for providing extraordinary customer service, influence, and impact while problem solving and building Customer & Partner relationships. Possess a passion for continuous learning, strong problem-solving skills, critical thinking and good judgement Ability to apply product & technology knowledge to improve Microsoft products and the customer experience Solid understanding of client/server, networking, and Internet technologies fundamentals. Technical Delivery and Customer facing presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences Must have the ability to take on internal initiatives to create services opportunities, and work in a fast-paced environment while balancing multiple demands, addressing shifting priorities, and maintaining focus Ability to travel and able to obtain a valid passport within 90 days of joining the team Au moins 5 ans d’expérience avec les produits et la mise en œuvre de Microsoft Server. Plus de 3 ans d’expérience de travail avec le déploiement de solutions Azure basées dans le nuage. Au moins deux ans d’expérience dans le domaine de la sécurité avec l’une des technologies suivantes : Infrastructure de sécurité, bases de données, réseau et machines virtuelles Azure Azure Secrets et Azure Keys Identité Azure Dépannage de la journalisation et de la vérification des données, surveillance de la sécurité Gouvernance et conformité Azure Microsoft Defender pour l’identité Azure Sentinel Sécurité des systèmes d’exploitation client ou serveur de Microsoft, y compris les services connexes (autorité de certification, mécanismes d’authentification ou d’autorisation, chiffrement, attestation de santé, etc.) Expérience des recommandations de sécurité de Microsoft (sécurisation des accès privilégiés, atténuation des vols d’identifiants, etc.). Services de sécurité Azure (Protection avancée contre les menaces Azure, Protection des informations Azure, Centre de sécurité Azure, Analyse des journaux Azure, etc.) Une expérience dans le domaine des menaces de sécurité, y compris les vecteurs et outils d’attaque avancés (Pass the Hash, Golden Ticket, rançongiciels, etc.) Protection de la charge de travail infonuagique SIEM et analyses infonuagiques de sécurité Orchestration de la sécurité, automatisation et réponse (SOAR) Protection contre les menaces Services clés de chiffrement et de protection des données Centre des opérations de sécurité Gestion de l’identité et de l’accès Microsoft Defender for Endpoint (Microsoft Defender for O365) Microsoft Enterprise Mobility Suite + Security (EMS), Protection des informations/prévention de la perte de données Azure Intune/Autopilot Repérage avancé des menaces Conformité Toute autre solution de sécurité des points de terminaison et technologie exhaustive de protection contre les menaces. Maîtrise de l’anglais parlé et écrit. Compétences orales en français, un atout. Certification Microsoft : Ingénieur en sécurité adjoint Azure. Certification AZ-500 ou Microsoft : Architecte de solutions expert Azure AZ-303/AZ-304 grandement souhaitable Une cote de sécurité active du gouvernement fédéral[JO2], ou encore la capacité à obtenir une telle cote, est souhaitable. Une capacité à travailler de manière indépendante et en collaboration dans un environnement en évolution rapide, où la technologie et les exigences des clients peuvent changer en un instant. Une aptitude avérée à fournir un excellent service à la clientèle, à exercer une forte influence et à produire un impact extraordinaire sur les clients, tout en résolvant les problèmes et en établissant des relations avec les clients et les partenaires. Une passion pour l’apprentissage continu, de solides compétences en matière de résolution de problèmes, un esprit critique et un grand discernement. Une capacité à appliquer une connaissance des produits et un savoir-faire technologique pour améliorer les produits Microsoft et l’expérience du client. Une solide compréhension de la mise en réseau de clients et de serveurs et des technologies Internet de base. De solides compétences en prestations techniques et en présentation auprès des clients avec un degré de confort élevé devant des publics vastes ou restreints. Doit avoir une habileté à prendre des initiatives à l’interne afin de créer des occasions en matière de services, et être capable de travailler dans un environnement au rythme rapide tout en gérant de multiples demandes, en composant avec les priorités changeantes et en restant concentré sur son objectif. Capacité à voyager et à obtenir un passeport valide dans les 90 jours suivant l’embauche. 
ScrapedJobID908:
Start building and pushing code in your first week and ship impactful features in your first few months. Build and support production services with high call rates. Target high availability for consumer and enterprise customers. Learn how to build infrastructure as code (IaC). Collaborate widely with internal teams to deliver delightful product offerings to our customers. Contribute to an engineering culture with a strong emphasis on documentation, testing, and user experience. Evaluate the systems and technology in place today while proposing systems and architecture that can scale for the future. Have the opportunity to mentor new hires. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Brings at least three years of experience in back-end development, ideally using Java or other JVM languages. Displays excellent software engineering fundamentals, including knowledge of algorithms and data structures. Demonstrates perseverance when faced with tough technical issues. Has some experience with AWS or other cloud offerings (GCP, Azure, etc.). Has experience building, deploying, and debugging production systems at scale. Cares about the end-user experience and strives to ensure high quality. Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds a product that helps people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer support to set up a home office, ample and defined time off, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. Relocation support: We can help you relocate to Kyiv and make the experience smooth and easy. Grammarly provides a relocation bonus, legal and visa support, temporary housing, moving support and travel expenses, assistance in finding schools for your kids—and all other information you might need. 
ScrapedJobID909:
Providing technical application and product expertise to all development and support functions within snow. Provide advanced troubleshooting of application and infrastructure stack and working with developers where needed Lead escalations to timely resolutions and provide postmortems where appropriate Provide mentoring and product demo’s to cross functional teams and seek customer feedback to help snow improve product effectiveness Recreate and reproduce software problems within our test environment, create problem records and ensure these are tracked and resolved by working closely with the Product Teams Contribute to the availability, operability and performance of the platform Contribute to a 24x5 on-call rota system Advanced Knowledge of O365 (Configuration and administration knowledge desired) Good knowledge in writing complex sql queries for tidying data concerning our data update job (nightly batch process) Good understanding of cloud technologies and experience supporting products and solutions delivered as a service. String Software Asset Management (SAM) experience Knowledge of both UNIX/Linux based and Wintel technologies Good understanding of the following Products: ServiceNow, Salesforce, Adobe, Oracle, G-Suite and IBM Be a team player, promote a spirit of cooperation and teamwork. Create and maintain technical knowledge-base articles 
ScrapedJobID910:
Act as ultimate escalation point for complex or critical issues at OCI and OCI-C / database / Application / Operating systems / network / devops and infrastructure areas. Utilize a deep understanding of service topology and the dependencies required to troubleshoot issues and define mitigations. Role is not limited to database and infrastructure, understating of the application interaction with Database and product, and troubleshoot application issues Backup, Restore and recover databases Design scalable Golden Gate based reporting solutions for multiple SaaS properties Design, automate Disaster Recovery and standardize them to support multiple SaaS properties Work on Deep SQL Optimization, database parameter optimization Use your experience and wisdom from building & running systems and infrastructures as a multiplier to drive operational improvements to support our customers infrastructure. Optimize Oracle Cloud Infrastructure for maximum performance, scalability and reliability. Identify problems and/or opportunities for customer cloud infrastructure support. Use your excellent written & oral communication skills to communicate our customers effectively. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. 10+ years of experience in Database Administrator 5+ years of experience in compute, network, storage troubleshooting for improving capacity, reliability, scalability, availability working as a site reliability engineer 5+ years of experience to manage and lead the complex performance, sql, environment optimization and stability projects on cloud scale 5+ years of experience to manage Exadata systems Experience working with Oracle ATP databases 2+ years of experience with designing / implementing and updating Golden Gate micro service environments Solid Experience on Grid / ASM outage handling, Database outage handling, RMAN, Datagaurd, RAC 2+ years of experience on Oracle OCI Proficient in cloud infrastructure technologies and automation. System Administration including Linux / windows internals, TCP/IP, DNS, Load balancing technologies. Installing and configuring application / database servers. Infrastructure automation through Terraform, Ansible, Salt Experience with Cloud Orchestration frameworks, development and SRE support of these systems Experience working with fault tolerant, highly available, high throughput, distributed, scalable production systems. Ability to come with best solution by capturing big picture instead of focusing on minor details and root cause analysis. Aptitude to be a good team player and the desire to learn and implement new Cloud technologies. 2+ years of experience with Prometheus related monitoring experience 2+ years of experience with Application Admin support 2+ years of experience with Python code development / Support Experience with other Cloud offerings Cloud Certifications - OCI Certified Professional Preferred Cloud Certifications - OCI Certified Associate must Database Administrator Certification in past 5 years OS Certifications - OEL certified, RHCE certified Preferred Security Certifications - Cloud security certs Preferred M.S / B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or related areas is preferred 
ScrapedJobID911:
Build high-performance, highly available and scalable distributed systems Build the simplest possible thing that will continually deliver working software to customers UI development, ReactJS, Redux, Jest,cypress.io Service development, REST, HTTP, Java, Spring, Groovy, Spock, NoSQL (Cassandra), Oracle, XML, JSON Prioritize, communicate clearly, and consistently deliver results TDD, paired programming, code reviews, and aggressive refactoring Work with open source software and tools (e.g. Spring, Apache, Tomcat, Jenkins, etc.) Share knowledge with peers to lessen knowledge silos, help peers grow and make the team better. Courage to communicate in an honest and direct manner Willing to accept decisions that depart from your opinion Able to draft user stories and acceptance criteria Enthusiastic and self-motivated Excellent organizational skills 3 or more years of experience as a software engineer, coding new software 3 or more years of experience coding in Java, Groovy, or other object-oriented language 1 or more years of experience with Test Driven Development, Pair Programming, and/or other aspects of Extreme Programming (XP) 1 or more years of experience working on an Agile software development team Knowledge of modern deployment, CI/CD, and configuration management tools Ability and aptitude to dig into and solve challenging problems and proactively avoid problems Experience in building web UI with ReactJS, or other JavaScript frameworks Scripting, automation, and troubleshooting of processes and systems; scripting in the shell and at least one of the following: Ruby, Perl, or Python Google Cloud Platform BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or other BI tooling Networks, security, firewalls, load balancers, DNS, and other infrastructure components 8 hour shift Java: 4 years (preferred) React: 4 years (preferred) Spring: 1 year (preferred) Groovy: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID912:

ScrapedJobID913:
As a Product Support Engineer, you will be responsible for ideation, requirements definition, and overall roadmap for a product or set of products, and working closely with a talented team of developers to deliver these to our customers. You will have the opportunity to work alongside Appficiency leadership to shape the latest product builds that will create new market opportunities You will make data-driven prioritization decisions and trade-offs to shape the roadmap Working with various departments and customer types, you will serve as the voice of the customer, collecting data and insights to inform your product design and development by communicating solutions to developers clearly and concisely, and ensuring projects are delivered on-time as per specifications You should be comfortable being first level of QA on new development and be able to demonstrate the nuances of the product at any time Delivery quarterly reviews and other documentation/reporting to Senior Management Be the solutions’ expert for Appficiency products, updating documentations, training others on the product, product certification, maintenance and upkeep Proven ability to quickly deep dive and become an industry expert in a complex field 3-5 years in enterprise or technical product management, preferably at a high growth tech company Strong strategic thinking skills and data driven problem solving Detail oriented and insists on high standards for product development Experience in Managing Software As A Service (SAAS) implementations Proven track record of developing and maintaining profitable and reference-able customer relationships Ability to think strategically and align client business pain points to solution options and implementation approach Proactive/self-driven 
ScrapedJobID914:
Currently pursuing Bachelors or Masters Degree Proficiency in C or C++ Excellent understanding of Data Structures & Algorithms Strong communication and people skills Basic shell scripting experience Experience developing applications with client-server architecture Experience developing machine learning algorithms, particularly related to classification problems Experience with software performance profiling Basic knowledge of git and git workflows Enthusiasm/experience working on High Performance Computing applications Envision the Future Communicate Honestly and Broadly Seek Technology and Business “Firsts” Embrace Diversity and Take Risks Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefit Package Outstanding Work/Life Balance Flex Time 401(k) with matching contributions Unlimited vacation and Unlimited sick days Paid holidays On-site Exercise facility On-site Medical Clinic for employees and their families Collaborative environment Charitable Matching Program 
ScrapedJobID915:
Drive deployment and operations of Axiad Cloud Develop automation to rapidly and safely deploy and manage complex infrastructures of cloud applications at scale Design and implement the automation of every aspect of our CI/CD pipeline and security program Contribute to the creation of system support documents and operational procedures Operate the platform within our security and privacy guidelines Cloud

Strong Linux administration experience (e.g. RedHat/CentOS) with a focus on web infrastructure (Apache/Nginx/HAProxy/Tomcat), applications, and databases (e.g. Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, NoSQL)

Proven experience leveraging automation and scripting to deploy, monitor and maintain highly secure and scalable cloud services (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Git, Python, Ruby, Groovy, Docker, Kubernetes, Nagios, Splunk, ELK, Grafana).

Solid experience with AWS technologies such as EC2, RDS, S3, CloudFormation, ELB/ASG, ECS/EKS, or equivalent cloud technologies

Strong understanding of protocols/technologies like HTTP, SSL/TLS, DNS, VPNs, and proxies

Understanding of application clustering/load balancing concepts and technologies Strong Linux administration experience (e.g. RedHat/CentOS) with a focus on web infrastructure (Apache/Nginx/HAProxy/Tomcat), applications, and databases (e.g. Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, NoSQL) Proven experience leveraging automation and scripting to deploy, monitor and maintain highly secure and scalable cloud services (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Git, Python, Ruby, Groovy, Docker, Kubernetes, Nagios, Splunk, ELK, Grafana). Solid experience with AWS technologies such as EC2, RDS, S3, CloudFormation, ELB/ASG, ECS/EKS, or equivalent cloud technologies Strong understanding of protocols/technologies like HTTP, SSL/TLS, DNS, VPNs, and proxies Understanding of application clustering/load balancing concepts and technologies Development

Strong development experience (e.g. Python, Ruby)

Experience with CI and CD pipeline (e.g. Jenkins), package management (rpm/yum)

A passion for building and deploying scalable and reliable cloud services Strong development experience (e.g. Python, Ruby) Experience with CI and CD pipeline (e.g. Jenkins), package management (rpm/yum) A passion for building and deploying scalable and reliable cloud services General

Need to be Canadian Citizen or Canadian Permanent Resident

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science (or higher), minimum of 5 years of relevant AWS experience with overall 10+ years of development / infrastructure experience

Clear written and verbal communications skills

Excellent time management and organizational skills.

Attention to detail, self-motivated, creative and flexible

Experience with code reviews and test coverage to evaluate and communicate quality information with the team Need to be Canadian Citizen or Canadian Permanent Resident Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science (or higher), minimum of 5 years of relevant AWS experience with overall 10+ years of development / infrastructure experience Clear written and verbal communications skills Excellent time management and organizational skills. Attention to detail, self-motivated, creative and flexible Experience with code reviews and test coverage to evaluate and communicate quality information with the team Experience in security best practices, host and network intrusion detection, logging and monitoring (e.g. Nagios, Splunk, Elastic Search, Ossec/WAF, Snort/Sourcefire). Experience using the following technologies: PKI, Kubernetes, service meshes, Azure Experience in leading and mentoring devops engineers Experience in security policy and certifications like SOC2, FedRAMP etc. 
ScrapedJobID916:
6+ years of Full Stack Development experience building enterprise-grade solutions while working on fast paced projects producing high quality code Experience working with modern programming languages, such as Java, JavaScript (react/gulp), Web Services, ES6/Typescript, React, CSS3, and HTML5. Experience researching, designing, implementing, and testing highly scalable, reusable UI components, web applications and web services Proficiency in fault tolerance, concurrency, reusability, extensibility, API design, database modeling, maintainability, security, scalability, testability, and overall quality. 
ScrapedJobID917:
Building various components that help train and serve ML models at scale Creating and extending tooling around our cloud data warehouse and BI platform Developing technical solutions to support and automate product experiment and iteration processes Improving existing neural network models to better assist decision making Introducing new machine learning applications that transforms data usage across multiple products You are a tech generalist enthusiastic about data and its application You demonstrate a solid track record driving the development of scalable backend services and systems You have good knowledge in technologies in the big data ecosystem, particularly widely adopted open source solutions such as Kafka, Spark, Airflow, and etc You have hands on experience with SQL, databases, and data warehousing You communicate your thoughts and ideas clearly in code and in writing You have worked with popular Python libraries commonly used by the data science community You have hands-on experience with Google BigQuery, Looker, and/or other cloud-based data-warehouses and BI platforms You have project management experience with the ability to prioritize requirements against timelines for implementation Be self motivated, take pride in your work and enjoy huge amounts of ownership Set aside your ego and have wonderful arguments with your coworkers in order to create something better than any one person could individually Challenge your own assumptions and use data to make decisions whenever possible Be passionate about teaching others what you know and continuing your own growth every day Not be afraid to fail–you experiment and learn from your mistakes 
ScrapedJobID918:
Monday to Friday machine learning: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID919:
Give our customers peace of mind by expanding and adapting our ability to provide security expertise through InsightVM/Nexpose that aligns with the realities of a constantly-changing security landscape Be creative to evolve our content automation frameworks to ensure simple and scalable processes Developing and maintaining scalable and testable ETL pipelines with responsibilities in transforming and sanitizing data Exercise various quality assurance techniques to ensure policy compliance artifacts are accurate and intuitive Improving code quality of existing frameworks Curiosity and a proven track record of personal growth and self-improvement 1+ years of experience or educational background in software engineering Comfortable and experience with one or more of: Python, Ruby, Java, Bash Affinity to systems administration and learning about new products and technologies Awareness of XML, XPath, JSON, and Regular Expressions Interest with information security principles Rest assured with medical and dental insurance through Canada Life Competitive compensation packages, RSP matching, and an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Keep your life in balance with unlimited paid vacation days, company holidays, maternity/paternity leave and a flexible work schedule as needed. We love to give back with company-wide community giving days, plus ample opportunity to spend time on the causes you care about. Enjoy a modern workplace featuring the latest collaboration tech, healthy snacks and beverages, quiet spaces, and many ways to let off some steam. 
ScrapedJobID920:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in program management, leading technical projects. Experience with data visualization, SQL, and building dashboards. Experience with project management and products. MBA or graduate degree in a management field, with an emphasis on business operations and strategy. Experience with Customer Support operations. Experience with or interest in Google Workspace or online work concepts and/or products. Ability to communicate with and influence diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels. Firm sense of accountability, and ability to take ownership in an environment that requires navigating ambiguity. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, impeccable business judgment, and knowledge of customer support principles. Lead supportability program for Google Meet, Google Voice and Google Chat. Apply analytics to evaluate and develop recommendations, define, articulate and advise on product requirements. Work with engineers and product managers to pursue agreed upon objectives while tracking, prioritizing and communicating issues. Develop stakeholder dependencies to meet supportability objectives, including tooling and process requirements, coordinate and influence across stakeholders to see those projects through implementation. Develop effective partnerships with multiple stakeholders to deliver insights and drive improvements across Support and Product Engineering teams. 
ScrapedJobID921:
Work on strategy, planning, and execution of DevOps implementation on a large-scale data transformation program. Identification and implementation of automation strategies that enable high quality, faster delivery of new solutions. Building and enhancing platforms and applications in a service-oriented, highly scalable environment. Defining and co-ordination of DevOps transformation across multiple project streams. Collaboration with development and operations team members and reaching across functional borders. Acting as a DevOps evangelist promoting DevOps culture among development teams within the organization. 5+ years of professional experience in DevOps in an agile environment Experience with cloud platforms - preferably AWS (Azure/GCP as an alternative). Experience in implementing security at DevOps level Strong experience with Docker and Kubernetes. Strong knowledge of cloud infrastructure and networking (DNS, Load Balancing, Firewalls, Routing, Web). Hands-on experience with infrastructure automation (e.g. Terraform, CloudFormation) and configuration management (Ansible, Puppet, AWS Config or similar tools). Expert knowledge of implementing CI/CD pipelines using tools(e.g. Jenkins, Gitlab or similar CI tools) and delivering reliable software from development to production. Knowledge of centralized logging and monitoring systems Experience in DevOps teams organization, DevOps toolchain implementation. Understanding modern architecture and DevOps concepts such as microservices, serverless, cloud native, DevSecOps, GitOps Experience with Big Data technologies i (e.g. AWS Glue, EMR, Hadoop, Data Lakes , Snowflake, AWS Redshift) Experience working on areas related to Data Science Certification in one or more of the following: DevOps, CKA, Big Data technologies (AWS/Azure/GCP) Knowledge of Software/Application Release management process 
ScrapedJobID922:
Optimize network and systems to improve availability, performance, stability, and integrity Identify and implement pro-active measures for preventing issues Identify, analyze, and resolve complex issues related to hardware, software, operating systems, and networks Support DevOps practices using “Infrastructure as Code” methods Design and implement physical and virtual servers, storage, and network infrastructure Maintain security compliance to protect client data and intellectual property Automate processes to reduce effort and improve quality Ensure successful implementation, testing, and improvement of business continuity procedures Accelerate your career through industry-recognized training and certifications. Contribute to documentation for planning, designs, standards, and procedures Provide training and knowledge transfers Collaboration with teams in the USA and Canada Participate in paid on-call rotation. Conducted root cause analysis, troubleshooting, and effective resolution of complex issues Can find and build toolsets to increase productivity (e.g. scripts, utilities) Experience gathering requirements, designing, planning, and implementing technical solutions 6+ years collective experience in designing and maintaining the following:
Windows servers
Virtualization stack
Networking
Cloud technologies Windows servers Virtualization stack Networking Cloud technologies In-depth knowledge of the following:
Windows Server
Linux
Virtualization technology (Microsoft Hyper-V preferred)
Core services (ADS, DNS, DHCP, SD-WAN)
Switches, routers, and firewalls
Storage technologies (SAN, DAS, Compellent)
Backup and disaster recovery technologies (ASR)
Microsoft System Center suite of products (SCCM, VMM, CM, DPM)
Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure preferred)
Cloud automation and Infrastructure API’s
Monitoring systems (RMM) Windows Server Linux Virtualization technology (Microsoft Hyper-V preferred) Core services (ADS, DNS, DHCP, SD-WAN) Switches, routers, and firewalls Storage technologies (SAN, DAS, Compellent) Backup and disaster recovery technologies (ASR) Microsoft System Center suite of products (SCCM, VMM, CM, DPM) Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure preferred) Cloud automation and Infrastructure API’s Monitoring systems (RMM) Exposure to:
Privileged Remote Access
SIEM
Vulnerability scanning and remediation
SecOps
Terraform and other automation tools Privileged Remote Access SIEM Vulnerability scanning and remediation SecOps Terraform and other automation tools Associates or Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or a similar degree is preferred Microsoft certification is desired (MS Azure Administrator) A competitive pay scale commensurate with your skills and expertise. A generous medical, dental, and vision benefits plan along with retirement plans. A fantastic work environment complete with an on-premise lounge area with pool table, gourmet coffee machines, outdoor patio lounge, large kitchen/dining area, and office area sleep rooms. (When it is deemed safe to return to the office, you will be able to enjoy these perks) An opportunity to grow both personally and professionally through our CX Academy. Freedom to present solutions and ideas in an environment that fosters trust, respect, and service. Work/life balance is something we are really committed to, not something we just talk about. We believe you should love your work and your play. Numerous opportunities to create community game lunch hours, CX Giving Partnership, summer picnics, our Annual Awards banquet, and lots of other great activities throughout the year. (These activities will resume when it is once again safe) A commitment to corporate transparency with quarterly all-company meetings 
ScrapedJobID923:
Build and support high-performance cloud-based software solutions globally Build new UI workflows, RESTful APIs, and scalable robust cloud based applications Deliver high-quality, consistent code based that brings our product vision to life Maintain a world-class SaaS platform, identify improvement opportunities, and apply the improvements. Work with Product Managers on the design of new products 3+ years of software development experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Experience in an agile software/SaaS or technology company preferred Experience with C#, or NodeJS Experience in developing front-end applications using React or Angular Experience with an RDBMS such as Oracle, SQL Server, or Postgres Exposure to AWS is a plus A passion for designing and building high-performance, scalable products and platforms 
ScrapedJobID924:
Leads solution designs, documents architecture and creates high-level design documents Helps determine/enrich coding standards along with the senior development team and ensures consistent adoption by developers Conducts code reviews, mentors and coaches team on architectures, solutions and coding practices Proactively provides objective feedback to consultants and development partners to ensure proper execution of projects Design and develop automation solutions for application build and deployment Enhance and maintain existing solutions bringing in lessons learnt and best practices Work in a small team with startup mentality to write high quality code Proactively recommend solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of different approaches Collaborate with the development team, support, and business on day to day development requests and support Collaborate with multiple teams both upstream and downstream for development and issue resolution Actively document all activities and participate in peer review for code and documentation Follow industry best practices in all development activities Hands on experiences with Java and/or Python, with proficiency in at least one. Experience with Linux systems specifically RHEL Experience with public cloud infrastructure and solution design concepts (Azure and AWS) Hands on experience with Unix commands and scripting Working knowledge of groovy as a pipeline scripting language Experience with SCM like Github, BitBucket or GitLab, with knowledge of branching and release concepts Experience in working with distributed teams situated locally or globally in different geographies Flexible and adaptive, team player Excellent analytical communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work well under pressure, prioritize work and well organized Ability to take ownership on the deliverables Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID925:
Permanent, Full-time Design and implement software to test SDK that has been written mainly in C++. Design and implement software to test applications (or services) that have been written mainly in Node.js Analyze and convert requirements into user stories and test scenarios. Write code to automate testing of new functionalities and services using existing architecture, test framework and continuous delivery pipeline. Collaborate with the rest of the team to define and agree on test scope, strategy and production simulation. Design and develop test for availability, reliability, performance, security, etc. Promote and drive sound engineering practices and software quality. Provide troubleshooting for build errors or issues reported by SDK customers. Work with testing tools, build/release automation and Continuous Delivery. 5+ years of progressive, professional experience working as test engineer. B.S. degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited university. Passionate about software testing with the key ability to think critically to identify software breaking issues. Strong experience with JavaScript, Java, Node.js, Experience with UI automated testing framework and tools. Tested and released at least one Web and/or PC and/or app with cloud services interactions product to market. Proven ownership of test projects, designing test approaches, documenting and regressing bugs, and executing test passes. Willingness to work a team and can work in a fluid, highly collaborative environment. Strong problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills. Self-directed and require minimal supervision. High attention to detail Experience with C++ and Java language and related tooling (e.g. compilers, cross platform, etc). Experience writing tests and automation for Windows, Linux and Mac. Knowledge and experience designing tests, defining test scope and identifying functional and none functional testing (e.g. performance, availability, stability, security, environment, etc). Experience with RESTful API and web services is strongly desired. Experience with Bamboo and/or Jenkins Continuous Integration. Experience with JIRA or similar issue tracking software. Experience with Confluence Experience with Fabric, TestRail or similar test case tracking software. Agile team experience. Time-estimation skills for setting management expectations are strongly desired Strongly desired that candidate can demonstrate a passion for software Quality Assurance and testing automation with real-world project citations Experience with Amazon AWS platform a plus 
ScrapedJobID926:

ScrapedJobID927:
Proactively detecting, troubleshooting, and resolving all issues affecting production applications. This involves coordination with and escalation to development and external teams where necessary. This team owns all issues escalated to us until it is resolved or a workaround is provided for end user to continue functioning. Responsible for maintaining clear, concise, and timely communications with affected parties during the investigation and resolution of any individual or system-wide outage. Responsible for the stability of the Production environment. Develop and continually revise (in partnership with other teams where necessary) suitable policies and procedures to ensure appropriate application development standards are available to guide development for systems deployed to Production. As the gatekeepers of the Production environment, responsible for ensuring the Change Implementation Management guidelines/policies are adhered to for all systems deployed to Production. Responsible for servicing all requests for data or other activities that require access to Production systems. Work with development teams at the appropriate stages in application development to ensure any new systems or projects meet the Production standard. Responsible for maintaining and growing a body of knowledge that is accessible to all team members. Ensure information regarding any support related activities or issues are available and easily accessible. The goal is to improve self-reliance and reduce dependency on the availability of development or external team resources for the initial troubleshooting and resolution of problems. Willingness to embrace Agile and DevOps/SRE concepts. Solid analytical skills, problem determination, and resolution recovery processes. Ability to interface and cultivate excellent working relationships with technology teams, business analysts, and vendors. Understanding of database engineering and can develop of high quality database solutions. Strong Unix Shell scripting experience required. Have administrative competence in at least one major programming language or platform (for example: Perl, Powershell, Python, Java or C#, dotnet) HTML, Javascript, JQuery Knowledge of clickstream tagging. Experience in web analytics tools (preferably Adobe Experience Cloud tools) is a plus. Experience Azure, AWS is a plus. Should be a fast learner of technologies in a quick paced environment. Have strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks and high pressure situations for outage handling, management, or resolution. Is driven to learn about new technologies, techniques and what it takes to be an integral member of this team. Hands-on experience administering large-scale, high-availability systems and the tools to monitor performance and availability. Experience creating technical architecture documentation. Excellent communication and writing skills specific to technical discussions across the management layers. BS/MS or equivalent, preferably in quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, EE, Math, Physics). Experience with incident on call and ability to respond to emergencies on a 24/7 basis. Experience working with Financial Services area will be a plus. Assisting in the investigation and troubleshooting of production issues and playing an active role in mentoring/coaching/training and development of team members. 5-10 years' experience in supporting or developing transaction based systems. Experienced, technically hands-on professional that understands both code and infrastructure. Solid track record in an operational/support role, understands incident/problem/change management and how to drive stability across organizations. Be able to manage an outage incident, coordinating user communications, and other teams to help resolve an incident. Strong and keen focus on metrics and trend analysis. Strong problem solving skills with ability to analyze and understand data. Candidate must have the ability to forge strong relationships and coordinate effectively with multiple parties during outages and actively communicate updates to APG and BU partners. Must be comfortable with on-call rotation including weekend work. Self-motivated with exceptional oral and written communication skills, ability to communicate clearly and concisely. Strong ownership mentality with a focus on customer satisfaction. Detail oriented and organized with strong analytical skills. Experience working in a virtual or global team. Self-starter and ability to multi task with can do attitude. Familiarity with ITIL terms around incident and problem management. 
ScrapedJobID928:
Responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of data pipelines and back-end services for data collection and related functions for large external and internal data sources. Manage Automated Unit and integration test suites Support and contribute to master data functions as required during critical junctures Apply technical knowledge to architect solutions that meet business and IT needs, create Data Platform, Analytics and AI roadmaps, and ensure long term technical viability of new deployments. Infuse key analytics technologies where appropriate including but not limited to SQL Server, Azure Synapse, Azure ML, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Data Factory, Big Data, Data Lake, Azure Databricks, Power BI Experiment and recommend new technologies that simplify or improve current data ingestion process A key relationship contact for all tools development suppliers including designers and third-party platform investments Indirect support and coaching for total company analytical initiatives and data science acceleration plans Support requests for both the individual and the team’s analysis Post-audit and compliance tracking for all projects and routines Support ad-hoc requests for deep dives and productivity projects Assist in analyzing data, fields, and overall hierarchy to support analytics projects and provide collaborative solutions Key item accountability within routines and rituals including project management, meeting ownership, documentation, cross-functional alignment, and measurement. Development of a continuous list of ongoing process improvement projects. Collaborative mindset Exceptional attention to detail and analytical thinking Strong ability to design effective and efficient data structures and schemas Strong ability for developing for continuous integration and automated deployments Problem solver that finds efficiencies through innovation Customer and Consumer first mindset Affinity for trial & error mentality A/B testing culture support Progress over perfection mentality with usability & simplicity at the forefront of decision making Performance driven with ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Willingness to learn with a team-oriented attitude Strong Aptitude for learning new technologies and tools Bachelor’s in computer science or related technical field or equivalent work experience 4+ years designing, building and maintaining end-to-end data systems Expert in wrangling large-scale data sets Strong ability to write high quality, maintainable rode in SQL, Python and spark Experience with Databricks, Snowflake a plus Hands-on Experience with leading commercial cloud platform: Azure preferred (services including: Blob storage, ADF, Azure Synapse etc.) Experience in scripting languages 
ScrapedJobID929:
Expertise in Shell scripting; JSON; PowerShell and pipeline codes in AWS and Azure DevOps environments Understand Azure Resource model; Infra as code; RBAC; IaaS/SaaS; NSG; VM; Storage Accounts; Vault Experience in Automating, Configuring and Deploying Instances on Azure environments Experience with Micro Services using Docker Containers, Kubernetes, or OpenShift admin tools Understand Agile practice and follow as required. Good documentation skills for handover to Ops team Basic knowledge on networking and active troubleshooting capability Understand GIT; branching; Different Jenkins pipelines and develop Jenkins pipeline codes 
ScrapedJobID930:
Develop integrations using Apigee Edge Platform Translate business rules and requirements into api proxies, produce data mappings and write abstracted, reusable code components accordingly. Deploy and integrate solutions on the cloud and on-premises Facilitate technical meetings with client staff and advise clients with technical options analyses based on leading practices, identifying opportunities and risks along with API management for analysis of API usage and engagement. A BA/BSc or MA/MSc degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or related field Experience in application development using Apigee Edge Platform, SOA/EAI technologies and API Management/Gateway Experience with micro services architectural design using API led approach Hands-on experience in SOA Development Frameworks and micro service modelling Solid programming skills using REST/Graph QL/SOAP Java, JavaScript, Agile Good understanding of Apigee architecture with experience on server admin and physical deployment (on cloud, on prem, hybrid) Solid understanding of containerization and virtualization. Quick to learn new technologies, easy to adapt to new environments, thrive on solving challenging problems with technical solutions Able to work in multiple technical environments and able to work with peers and business stakeholder Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID931:
Permanent, Full-time Design and implement software to test SDK that has been written mainly in C++. Design and implement software to test applications (or services) that have been written mainly in Node.js Analyze and convert requirements into user stories and test scenarios. Write code to automate testing of new functionalities and services using existing architecture, test framework and continuous delivery pipeline. Collaborate with the rest of the team to define and agree on test scope, strategy and production simulation. Design and develop test for availability, reliability, performance, security, etc. Promote and drive sound engineering practices and software quality. Provide troubleshooting for build errors or issues reported by SDK customers. Work with testing tools, build/release automation and Continuous Delivery. 5+ years of progressive, professional experience working as test engineer. B.S. degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited university. Passionate about software testing with the key ability to think critically to identify software breaking issues. Strong experience with JavaScript, Java, Node.js, Experience with UI automated testing framework and tools. Tested and released at least one Web and/or PC and/or app with cloud services interactions product to market. Proven ownership of test projects, designing test approaches, documenting and regressing bugs, and executing test passes. Willingness to work a team and can work in a fluid, highly collaborative environment. Strong problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills. Self-directed and require minimal supervision. High attention to detail Experience with C++ and Java language and related tooling (e.g. compilers, cross platform, etc). Experience writing tests and automation for Windows, Linux and Mac. Knowledge and experience designing tests, defining test scope and identifying functional and none functional testing (e.g. performance, availability, stability, security, environment, etc). Experience with RESTful API and web services is strongly desired. Experience with Bamboo and/or Jenkins Continuous Integration. Experience with JIRA or similar issue tracking software. Experience with Confluence Experience with Fabric, TestRail or similar test case tracking software. Agile team experience. Time-estimation skills for setting management expectations are strongly desired Strongly desired that candidate can demonstrate a passion for software Quality Assurance and testing automation with real-world project citations Experience with Amazon AWS platform a plus 
ScrapedJobID932:

ScrapedJobID933:
Proactively detecting, troubleshooting, and resolving all issues affecting production applications. This involves coordination with and escalation to development and external teams where necessary. This team owns all issues escalated to us until it is resolved or a workaround is provided for end user to continue functioning. Responsible for maintaining clear, concise, and timely communications with affected parties during the investigation and resolution of any individual or system-wide outage. Responsible for the stability of the Production environment. Develop and continually revise (in partnership with other teams where necessary) suitable policies and procedures to ensure appropriate application development standards are available to guide development for systems deployed to Production. As the gatekeepers of the Production environment, responsible for ensuring the Change Implementation Management guidelines/policies are adhered to for all systems deployed to Production. Responsible for servicing all requests for data or other activities that require access to Production systems. Work with development teams at the appropriate stages in application development to ensure any new systems or projects meet the Production standard. Responsible for maintaining and growing a body of knowledge that is accessible to all team members. Ensure information regarding any support related activities or issues are available and easily accessible. The goal is to improve self-reliance and reduce dependency on the availability of development or external team resources for the initial troubleshooting and resolution of problems. Willingness to embrace Agile and DevOps/SRE concepts. Solid analytical skills, problem determination, and resolution recovery processes. Ability to interface and cultivate excellent working relationships with technology teams, business analysts, and vendors. Understanding of database engineering and can develop of high quality database solutions. Strong Unix Shell scripting experience required. Have administrative competence in at least one major programming language or platform (for example: Perl, Powershell, Python, Java or C#, dotnet) HTML, Javascript, JQuery Knowledge of clickstream tagging. Experience in web analytics tools (preferably Adobe Experience Cloud tools) is a plus. Experience Azure, AWS is a plus. Should be a fast learner of technologies in a quick paced environment. Have strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks and high pressure situations for outage handling, management, or resolution. Is driven to learn about new technologies, techniques and what it takes to be an integral member of this team. Hands-on experience administering large-scale, high-availability systems and the tools to monitor performance and availability. Experience creating technical architecture documentation. Excellent communication and writing skills specific to technical discussions across the management layers. BS/MS or equivalent, preferably in quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, EE, Math, Physics). Experience with incident on call and ability to respond to emergencies on a 24/7 basis. Experience working with Financial Services area will be a plus. Assisting in the investigation and troubleshooting of production issues and playing an active role in mentoring/coaching/training and development of team members. 5-10 years' experience in supporting or developing transaction based systems. Experienced, technically hands-on professional that understands both code and infrastructure. Solid track record in an operational/support role, understands incident/problem/change management and how to drive stability across organizations. Be able to manage an outage incident, coordinating user communications, and other teams to help resolve an incident. Strong and keen focus on metrics and trend analysis. Strong problem solving skills with ability to analyze and understand data. Candidate must have the ability to forge strong relationships and coordinate effectively with multiple parties during outages and actively communicate updates to APG and BU partners. Must be comfortable with on-call rotation including weekend work. Self-motivated with exceptional oral and written communication skills, ability to communicate clearly and concisely. Strong ownership mentality with a focus on customer satisfaction. Detail oriented and organized with strong analytical skills. Experience working in a virtual or global team. Self-starter and ability to multi task with can do attitude. Familiarity with ITIL terms around incident and problem management. 
ScrapedJobID934:
Responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of data pipelines and back-end services for data collection and related functions for large external and internal data sources. Manage Automated Unit and integration test suites Support and contribute to master data functions as required during critical junctures Apply technical knowledge to architect solutions that meet business and IT needs, create Data Platform, Analytics and AI roadmaps, and ensure long term technical viability of new deployments. Infuse key analytics technologies where appropriate including but not limited to SQL Server, Azure Synapse, Azure ML, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Data Factory, Big Data, Data Lake, Azure Databricks, Power BI Experiment and recommend new technologies that simplify or improve current data ingestion process A key relationship contact for all tools development suppliers including designers and third-party platform investments Indirect support and coaching for total company analytical initiatives and data science acceleration plans Support requests for both the individual and the team’s analysis Post-audit and compliance tracking for all projects and routines Support ad-hoc requests for deep dives and productivity projects Assist in analyzing data, fields, and overall hierarchy to support analytics projects and provide collaborative solutions Key item accountability within routines and rituals including project management, meeting ownership, documentation, cross-functional alignment, and measurement. Development of a continuous list of ongoing process improvement projects. Collaborative mindset Exceptional attention to detail and analytical thinking Strong ability to design effective and efficient data structures and schemas Strong ability for developing for continuous integration and automated deployments Problem solver that finds efficiencies through innovation Customer and Consumer first mindset Affinity for trial & error mentality A/B testing culture support Progress over perfection mentality with usability & simplicity at the forefront of decision making Performance driven with ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Willingness to learn with a team-oriented attitude Strong Aptitude for learning new technologies and tools Bachelor’s in computer science or related technical field or equivalent work experience 4+ years designing, building and maintaining end-to-end data systems Expert in wrangling large-scale data sets Strong ability to write high quality, maintainable rode in SQL, Python and spark Experience with Databricks, Snowflake a plus Hands-on Experience with leading commercial cloud platform: Azure preferred (services including: Blob storage, ADF, Azure Synapse etc.) Experience in scripting languages 
ScrapedJobID935:
Expertise in Shell scripting; JSON; PowerShell and pipeline codes in AWS and Azure DevOps environments Understand Azure Resource model; Infra as code; RBAC; IaaS/SaaS; NSG; VM; Storage Accounts; Vault Experience in Automating, Configuring and Deploying Instances on Azure environments Experience with Micro Services using Docker Containers, Kubernetes, or OpenShift admin tools Understand Agile practice and follow as required. Good documentation skills for handover to Ops team Basic knowledge on networking and active troubleshooting capability Understand GIT; branching; Different Jenkins pipelines and develop Jenkins pipeline codes 
ScrapedJobID936:
Develop integrations using Apigee Edge Platform Translate business rules and requirements into api proxies, produce data mappings and write abstracted, reusable code components accordingly. Deploy and integrate solutions on the cloud and on-premises Facilitate technical meetings with client staff and advise clients with technical options analyses based on leading practices, identifying opportunities and risks along with API management for analysis of API usage and engagement. A BA/BSc or MA/MSc degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or related field Experience in application development using Apigee Edge Platform, SOA/EAI technologies and API Management/Gateway Experience with micro services architectural design using API led approach Hands-on experience in SOA Development Frameworks and micro service modelling Solid programming skills using REST/Graph QL/SOAP Java, JavaScript, Agile Good understanding of Apigee architecture with experience on server admin and physical deployment (on cloud, on prem, hybrid) Solid understanding of containerization and virtualization. Quick to learn new technologies, easy to adapt to new environments, thrive on solving challenging problems with technical solutions Able to work in multiple technical environments and able to work with peers and business stakeholder Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID937:
Support all application infrastructure to ensure our PaaS/IaaS platform is optimized for performance and reliability. Socialize designs with team and integrate suggestions and changes as appropriate. Implement networking changes in a timely fashion and with high quality, consistent with standards for the group using automation and Infrastructure as Code where possible. Review other NetOps and DevOps work as necessary. Provide documentation as appropriate including design documentation, comments in code as required and end-user documentation. Consult with other technical team members and management on industry best practices. Discuss and agree on the most innovative solutions applicable to our cloud services environment. Maintain and enhance internal tools. Provide input to improve scalability and reliability of infrastructure to our cloud services environment. Deploy and assist with maintenance of networking technologies. Provide Level 2/3 Support to our Operations team for networking technologies. Document all build and run procedures when implementing new networking technologies. Networking
5+ years experience configuring, deploying and maintaining switches and routers from various vendors.
3+ years experience configuring, deploying and maintaining load balancers from various vendors.
5+ years experience monitoring network parameters and uptime.
Ability to think in a Cloud Services manner.
Experience configuring networking changes using Infrastructure as Code an asset 5+ years experience configuring, deploying and maintaining switches and routers from various vendors. 3+ years experience configuring, deploying and maintaining load balancers from various vendors. 5+ years experience monitoring network parameters and uptime. Ability to think in a Cloud Services manner. Experience configuring networking changes using Infrastructure as Code an asset Operations
Understanding of operational concepts like change management, on call rotations, escalations, uptime, etc...
5+ years experience in managing production networks on a large scale. Understanding of operational concepts like change management, on call rotations, escalations, uptime, etc... 5+ years experience in managing production networks on a large scale. Network Security
5+ years experience configuring, deploying and maintaining firewalls from various vendors
3+ years experience with IDS/IPS systems from various vendors
2+ years experience configuring security changes using Infrastructure as Code an asset 5+ years experience configuring, deploying and maintaining firewalls from various vendors 3+ years experience with IDS/IPS systems from various vendors 2+ years experience configuring security changes using Infrastructure as Code an asset OS
Understanding of the major OS families (Linux and Windows) Understanding of the major OS families (Linux and Windows) Security
Conscious of security concerns
Adhere to security best practices from design to implementation and operations Conscious of security concerns Adhere to security best practices from design to implementation and operations Public and Private Cloud
2+ years experience with Public cloud hosting (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.)
3+ years experience with Private hosting (Private data centers, etc.)
3+ years experience working with virtualization (VMWare, Hyper-V, etc.) 2+ years experience with Public cloud hosting (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) 3+ years experience with Private hosting (Private data centers, etc.) 3+ years experience working with virtualization (VMWare, Hyper-V, etc.) Interaction & Communication
Good social interaction with the immediate team as well as other teams
Ability to work in an extremely geographically distributed company
Excellent communication skills across multiple mediums. Good social interaction with the immediate team as well as other teams Ability to work in an extremely geographically distributed company Excellent communication skills across multiple mediums. University degree or college certificate in Computer Science/networking or demonstrated equivalent work experience Experience with SAFe Agile methodology Demonstrated ability in operating and maintaining a large scale enterprise network Ability to perform on-call rotation tasks as required Demonstrated experience in dealing with vendors, carriers and providers for troubleshooting and new requirements 
ScrapedJobID938:
Develop modern, high-impact technology solutions/microservices that enables our business partners to realize business value very quickly. Collaborate with other functional and delivery teams to research and design the best solution for the different business requirements. Conduct testing of new software releases to ensure successful implementation with no impact to existing code base Ensure quality of the solutions are robust, scalable and efficient to meet the needs of the business May need to provide production support from time to time Monitor system performance, troubleshooting and fixing errors Work in a cross functional Agile team to deliver core business and regulatory solutions Bachelor’s Degree in computer engineering, business, Information sciences or other related field. Java Developer with around 5+ years of experience in Requirements Analysis, Cloud Back-end & Front-End Design, Development, Implementation, release & deployment and cloud implementation. Knowledge of secure coding for banking industry and experience in using security & vulnerability detection tools (BlackDuck, WebSense). Experience in Big Data Cloud Architecture, working with batch data processing, real-time message ingestion, stream processing in hybrid cloud ecosystems (cloud & on-premise). Experience in manipulating the streaming data to clusters through Kafka and developing ETL pipelines in cloud platforms (e.g., Google Cloud Storage/Azure Blob Storage/Bucket, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Data Prep/Azure Data Factory, Cloud Pub/Sub, Big Query/Azure Synapse, Cloud SQL, MS SQL), Python, working with file formats like (JSON, AVRO, XML). Experience in developing applications in Micro Service Architecture with technology stack as REST, Spring Boot, Docker. Must have experience working with DevOps, deployment and orchestration technologies (e.g., Bitbucket, Git, Kubernetes/GKE, Jenkins, Maven, TFS (Team Foundation Server)). Excellent verbal and written communication skills Team is constantly experimenting with new technologies, so it is important to have high level of tolerance for ambiguity We are technology partners who help the business transform how our employees around the world work We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning We care about our people, allowing them to design how they work to deliver amazing results We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), and generous vacation 
ScrapedJobID939:

ScrapedJobID940:
Work in global distributed team Design and develop production quality non-interactive C++ applications / services that are hosted in the cloud. Design and develop production CAD system for dental treatment. Author and maintain computational optimization-based 3D algorithms embedded in these applications / services. Participate in ensuring production quality by enabling the quality team with testable code and handholding help as needed. Contribute to brand new and existing software components: help refine requirements, develop quality software, identify / mitigate risks and participate in production monitoring as needed. Collaborate with team of Clinical Experts to elaborate the problem definition and explore the solution space. Be first point of contact and team representative on US working hours Identify opportunities for continuous quality improvement of development process and distributed team coordination. Follow architectural, quality and regulatory guidelines for medical device software development. Collaborate with multi-disciplinary team (of Software engineers, Clinical experts, Product management, Manufacturing experts) to take the upcoming research projects to fruition. Development environment: scrum, Windows with MS Visual Studio, Git, Atlassian - JIRA, Bamboo etc... 8+ years of strong C++ skills (including latest standards) 4 year degree in CS or related field or the same years of experience. Good knowledge of basic data structures and algorithms Good math skills especially in analytic geometry Basic knowledge and experience in Machine Learning Technologies Optmization methods 
ScrapedJobID941:
3 mois de formation complète gratuite et de projets dirigés par des experts de l'industrie: Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, modèles de conception Java & Springboot, Microservice, API REST Cloud Computing et DevOps Analyse de données avec SQL et Python Big Data avec Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. L'opportunité d'améliorer considérablement vos compétences en travaillant avec des responsables techniques et des professionnels tout en écrivant plus de 15 000 lignes de code en Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Placement garanti de deux ans après la réussite du programme. La chance d'améliorer vos compétences générales pour libérer de nouveaux potentiels, confiance et leadership. Un soutien ciblé pour vous aider à développer votre carrière tout au long du programme et au-delà, y compris le coaching, les opportunités de réseautage professionnel et l'obtention de certifications reconnues par l'industrie Bilingue (anglais/français) est un plus mais pas une exigence Diplôme en informatique, technologie, ingénierie ou dans une discipline mathématique (STEM) Aptitude au raisonnement logique et à la résolution quantitative de problèmes Bonne communication orale et écrite Capacités de collaboration et de travail en équipe Légalement autorisé à travailler au Canada (citoyen/résident permanent/permis de travail) Maîtrise de Java ou d'un autre langage de programmation orienté objet (par exemple C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) Etre familié avec les bases de données SGBDR ou No-SQL Avoir suivi au moins un cours (en ligne ou scolaire) lié à la conception d'algorithmes et de structures de données Un plus à avoir : Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curieux - Vous êtes intéressé à expérimenter, apprendre, innover et essayer de nouvelles choses Axé sur le client - Vous vous efforcez de créer de la valeur pour vos clients et de toujours livrer avec qualité Flexible - Vous restez concentré sur les résultats même lorsque les plans et les priorités changent et vous apportez constamment de la valeur Humble - Vous reconnaissez vos forces ainsi que vos opportunités et êtes toujours prêt à apprendre des autres Collaboratif - Vous appréciez le succès du groupe et partagez librement vos connaissances, votre expérience et vos idées La capacité de faire reconnaître et récompenser votre potentiel Formation pratique et pertinente utilisant les dernières technologies Un soutien pour vous aider à établir votre carrière et à atteindre vos objectifs L'opportunité de travailler sur des projets innovants au sein d'une variété de grandes entreprises canadiennes Un package de rémunération compétitif avec un soutien à l'apprentissage continu 3-months of cost-free comprehensive training and projects led by industry experts: Linux, SQL, GIT, SDLC, Design patterns Java & Springboot, Microservice, REST API Cloud Computing and DevOps Data Analytics with SQL and Python Big Data with Hadoop, Spark, Scala, etc. The opportunity to drastically improve your skills by working with Tech Leads and Professionals while writing more than 15k lines of code in Java, Python, Scala, SQL, etc. Guaranteed two-year placement upon successful completion of the program. The chance to improve your soft skills to unlock new potential, confidence, and leadership. Dedicated support to help you develop your career throughout the program and beyond including, coaching, professional networking opportunities and attaining industry-recognized certifications Bilingual (English/French) is required Diploma or degree in computer science, technology, engineering, or a mathematical discipline (STEM) Aptitude for logical reasoning and quantitative problem solving Good oral and written communication skills Good collaboration and teamwork skills Legally permitted to work in Canada (citizen/permanent resident/work permit) Proficient with Java or another object oriented programming language ( e.g. C/C++/C#, Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript, etc) Familiar with with RDBMS or No-SQL databases Have completed at least one course (online or school) related to designing algorithms and data structures Nice-to-have: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Could, Linux, DevOps, JavaScript/Angular/React/Vue, Data Science Curious - You’re interested in experimenting, learning, innovating, and trying new things Customer Focused – You strive to create value for your customers and always deliver with quality Adaptable - You maintain a focus on results even as plans and priorities change and consistently deliver value Humble - You recognize your strengths as well as your opportunities and are always willing to learn from others Collaborative - You value the success of the group and freely share your knowledge, experience, and insight The ability to have your potential recognized and rewarded Practical and relevant training utilizing the newest technologies Support to help you establish your career and achieve your goals The opportunity to work on innovative projects within a variety of Canada’s top companies A competitive compensation package with support for continuous learning 
ScrapedJobID942:
a foundation of collaborative partnerships with all levels of government and the private sector a reputation as the consultant who helps our clients create equitable plans that meet local and regional needs General knowledge of planning and development issues in a municipal context Your approach to conflict resolution, professionalism and diplomacy when dealing with the public An Accredited Undergraduate Planning Degree or a Degree in a related field such as Urban Studies or Human Geography Up to (2) years’ experience in the planning profession Critical thinking skills and an understanding of the provincial planning context in Alberta Proficiency with computer data gathering and analysis techniques, and the ability to organize, create, modify, and present effective presentations to target audiences Candidate Membership in the Canadian Institute of Planners and Alberta Professional Planners Institute or an equivalent provincial institute Working knowledge of AutoCAD, ArcGIS, and/or Adobe Creative Cloud (Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop) Apply an evidence-based approach to municipal planning, land development and regulatory approval processes Prepare text amendments and updates to statutory plans and local land use bylaws Provide local planning support including the review and processing of subdivision, rezoning, and development permit applications Communicate and present effectively to the public and stakeholders at all levels, as required, in a given project Conduct research and compile data on a wide range of planning and design solutions as part of a team or independently and clearly communicate the results verbally and in writing to colleagues and clients Be familiar with alternative research methods and current policy and regulations in Alberta Travel as required to visit job sites, clients, and events throughout Alberta and Western Canada We work on fascinating projects right in our community. : We are nimble:. We integrate the right team to solve our clients' biggest challenges. We are social:. Follow our hashtag #isllife on Twitter and Instagram or check out our YouTube Channel. We get together:. Every year, Staff Development Seminar brings together ISLers from all over western Canada to learn, share and connect. We are independent problem solvers.: Employee owned and operated, we like to work hard with minimum bureaucracy. We encourage and reward high performance. :Employer paid benefits plan, Group RRSP, and competitive salaries with opportunities for annual bonus. : 
ScrapedJobID943:
Develop hardware schematic and PCB layout with Altium design Develop system/board architecture and execute implementation Evaluation and assistance with qualification of new and alternate components Evaluate and select components and support component qualification Develop engineering documentation Design and implement firmware on embedded devices (ARM Cortex M0-M3-M4) Design, develop, code, test, verify and debug system software Develop design files (schematic entry, source code, etc.) to implement the designs Support the board layout activities and HW/SW integration activities Research and investigate electronic components for obsolescence issues, alternates, cost, environmental characteristics, and revisions Provide production and post-production support Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering or equivalent work experience Minimum 1 year experience in Schematic and PCB Design Excellent Working knowledge of Altium Designer One year of experience in developing with a product team. Experience in hands-on development and troubleshooting with embedded devices, including design and manufacture verification and board bring-up Solid low-level programming experience with C/C++ Solid understanding of Sub 1GHz and 2.4GHz wireless connectivity Solid understanding of ARM microcontrollers and their system architecture & internals, Interrupts, scheduling, synchronization, asynchronous processing and RTOS Familiarity with ticket tracking tools, code review, unit testing, continuous integration, source control (GIT), and other tools for modern software development. Ability to learn quickly and adapt easily to new code bases Experience with optimizing code size for embedded systems Experience reading hardware schematics and doing board bring up Experience with Bluetooth Low Energy Prior experience on health care hardware platforms Experience with sensors or sensor sampling, such as accelerometers RF programming experience in Bluetooth (Broadcom, CSR, Nordic, ST, TI) Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) PCB design: 1 year (preferred) Schematic: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID944:
Understands and translates business and functional needs into machine learning problem statements Translates complex machine learning problem statements into specific deliverables and requirements Designs and develops scalable solutions that leverage machine learning and deep learning models to meet enterprise requirements Works closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop machine learning algorithms Works closely with UX designers and product teams to improve the product user experience Translates machine learning algorithms into production-level code Collaborates with development teams to test and deploy machine learning models Creates metrics to continuously evaluate the performance of machine learning solutions Maintains and improves the performance of existing machine learning solutions Ensures adherence to performance standards and compliance to data security requirements Keeps abreast with new tools, algorithms and techniques in machine learning and works to implement them in the organization Proficiency in machine learning algorithms such as multi-class classifications, decision trees, support vector machines and deep learning Strong understanding of probability and statistical models (generative and descriptive models) Advanced programming skills with C/C++, Python, Java or R Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze results Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts and results to technical and business audiences in a comprehensive manner Ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders, including analytics teams, development teams, product management and operations More than two years of experience in developing and deploying enterprise-scale machine learning solutions. Experience training and deploying models using cloud-based infrastructure. Experience with Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services is desirable. Experience with microservices architecture, Docker and Kubernetes is desirable Bachelor's degree in data science, applied mathematics, computer science or otherwise research-based field; Master’s degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID945:
Develop 2D/3D vision algorithms and software for 3D scene reconstruction. Develop 2D/3D vision-based object detection/identification software for path planning and anti-collision applications for industrial robot arms and mobile robots. Contribute to R&D programs and support proposal generation processes. Travel may be required for system testing and commissioning. Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering/Robotics or related fields 3+ years’ experience in computer vision, machine learning, and deep learning Expertise and hands-on experience in developing and implementing 2D and 3D vision systems for robotic applications Experience in TensorFlow and other ML frameworks and their application in objective identification and material classification Strong programming skills in C++ and object-orientated software development skills for image and point cloud processing applications Ability to prioritize, multi-task, take initiatives, and adapt to change. Self-motivated, self-starter and team player in a fast-paced product development environment. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID946:
The Machine Learning Engineer will play a key role in enhancing our advanced analytics and machine learning capabilities within the organization Responsible for the building, training, deploying, scoring, and monitoring of machine learning models to be used for loyalty offer generation and drive through experience improvement Develop best in class offer generation tools that allows for individual customer targeting and optimize based on all available data; look for areas of data enhancement and improvement Work with digital development teams to ensure that the tools and data available is best in class; work with IT teams to ensure data quality Work closely with various stakeholders to understand business needs and develop solutions through machine learning or other advanced analytics/predictive modeling techniques Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Take ownership, with the ability to manage in an environment of quick change to help strategic moves in this rapidly evolving QSR environment. Outcome focused, critical thinkers with the ability to analyze and visualize, to ensure continuous improvement across our entire business. Ability to work in a fast-paced Agile environment and is transparent and professional in their communication If you're curious, ready to take on new challenges and open to doing things differently to help us evolve rapidly, then this is definitely the place to be. Minimum undergrad degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or related technical field Experience with programming languages such as Python Experience with manipulating big data sets via SQL able to process, filter and present large quantities of data Familiarity with packages related to data processing, data visualization and statistic analysis such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Statsmodel and Seaborn. Experience in developing machine-learning algorithms, statistical and mathematical optimization models via machine-learning frameworks, such as Scikit-Learn, MLlib, Tensorflow and Keras. Strong understanding of regression modeling, time series analysis, cluster analysis, machine-learning concepts such as supervised and unsupervised learning, classification, random forest, deep learning, etc. Ability to deploy machine learning models to cloud platform with good familiarity with AWS, such as EC2, S3, Dynamodb and lambda Experience with PySpark and/or Databricks Comfortable using development environments such as VSCode, Pycharm, Jupyter Notebook Experience working with APIs, Docker and or Linux an asset Experience with Loyalty Programs an asset Experience with Tableau and AutoML tools an asset 
ScrapedJobID947:
Define, develop and achieve performance/scalability benchmarks for Veeva products Efficiently work with various performance measurement and profiling tools such as Yourkit and JMeter to identify performance and concurrency bottlenecks Collaborate with members of the Engineering team to solve performance problems Monitor production performance and investigate issues Develop tools to automate performance monitoring 3+ years of experience in Performance Engineering and Benchmarking Proficiency with Java, MySQL, and scripting tools such as Python and Shell scripting Extensive hands-on experience with performance engineering, including the use of JMeter, LoadRunner, or similar tools, as well as profiling tools Ability to find the root cause of performance bottlenecks with profiling tools Expert in distributed computing systems and stack Comfortable with Linux, Docker, AWS, GIT, in terms of both tools and systems administration Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Engineering at Veeva Understanding of modern database systems such as Redshift and search tools such as SOLR Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID948:
Able to communicate effectively across multiple regions Able to work in a dynamic fast-paced organization Passionate about learning and enablement programs Able to anticipate strategic priorities and plan proactively A multiplier, someone who goes beyond the job description to contribute strongly to others on a high performing team Flexible, self-aware, highly motivated and open to feedback Viewed as a subject matter expert and trusted advisor by the VCEP and CE&X organization and key enablement stakeholders New hire onboarding program ownership Ongoing VCEP employee enablement program design and delivery Active alignment and collaboration with CE&X skills and performance team Coordination of Enablement sessions for all global regions Design, delivery and measurement of enablement and engagement programs Alignment with VCEP leadership team Enablement content coordination Internal communications – regular updates to VCEP and stakeholders Work with both external and internal CE&X resources align on enablement plan Evangelize the VCEP and our digital approach to internal stakeholders as it relates to our pursuit of delivering customer success at scale. Working knowledge of sales training technology and methodologies; demonstrable experience with customer success enablement concepts, practices, and procedures Strong ability to interact and influence effectively with vCSP and VCEP management. Team player with strong interpersonal skills, skilled at project and change management and cross-functional collaboration. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, unpredictable environment. Successfully accomplishes responsibilities with minimal direction or oversight Develop and lead the successful execution of enablement programs to ensure internal and external customers and partners are equipped with content, resources, tools and training to effectively drive Customer Success at Scale Collaborate with CE&X Skills and performance team to identify and develop core vCSP training and enablement curriculum, customized regionally as needed, for various internal audiences. Ensure alignment of VCEP enablement activities with key internal events, such as new solution coverage, product releases, campaigns, and CE&X Programs. Manage and drive online, self-paced on-boarding and result-driven continuous learning. Measure and report on the effectiveness of enablement investments and the programs conducted. Determine opportunities for improving the learning experience and identify innovative techniques for delivery. Bachelor’s in Business Administration, or a related field of study 
ScrapedJobID949:
Play an active role in EBS R12.2.10 + OCI project regression testing & migration cut over phase Responsible for technical design, development, unit testing, deployment and documentation Perform peer and QA reviews on existing and newly developed components Ensure solutions are complete and sustainable Provide proper tool sets for end users support of the interfaces. Review functional requirements & provide technical solution effort Performs troubleshooting and investigates root cause of production issues Adhere to technical change management process Prioritize requirements based on business and technical needs Aligning overall scope and sequencing recommendations with internal & external team Engages with BA & QA on technical solution design, effort, deliverables and support model Provide production support for ongoing maintenance and enhancement of custom programs for internal/external integrations Manage ServiceNow queue and prioritize based on business needs 7+ years hands on Oracle EBS R12 Financials application development Strong software development fundamentals including source control, automated testing, continuous integration Strong Oracle PL/SQL skills Strong application knowledge in Oracle EBS R12.2.x Financials - GL, AP, AR, AGIS, Project, Asset, eBTax, iExpense, Cash Management/Bank Reconciliation Working knowledge in Linux, sftp connectivity Solid experience in designing integrations to and from Oracle EBS R12.2 Financials Ability to manage system integrations and UAT cycle Good understanding of EBS technical environment in OCI is an asset Oracle middleware experience is an asset Strong QA experience is an asset Working knowledge in peripheral applications such as Coupa, Lucernex, EPBCS (Hyperion) that integrate closely with Oracle EBS Financials - Preferred Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID950:
Interlock with regional field sales leaders to ensure ongoing agreement on priorities, changing market conditions and emerging opportunities; attend regular sales deal reviews, pipeline reviews and quarterly business reviews. Be the primary marketing contact for Canadian sales teams and marketing stakeholders providing regular bi-directional communication to all on program status and results. Lead, motivate, and mentor Canada-dedicated marketing team across direct and partner responsibilities, and ensure Americas-wide cross-functional resources are effectively engaging. Manage annual field budget and influence other budget holders expected to support Canada. You will build business cases for investment and manage Development Funds (DF) for key partners while establishing KPIs to drive best-in-class ROI. Forecast, measure, analyze and report on the impact of demand marketing activities in terms of KPIs aligned to sales deployment models (e.g., sales pipeline, sales cycle length, net new revenue growth, targeted account engagement and growth, customer retention, customer value and advocacy) Manage in-country PR agency and work with corporate communication team leaders to reflect the needs of the region’s local market, including developing thought leadership strategies and amplification for local spokespeople. Provide strong feedback and direction on company-wide marketing and product directions, specifically representing the considerations of the Canadian market Use existing extensive network of industry contacts, in brokering and building a portfolio of strategic alliances and partnerships that will up-level Canada marketing. Employee Stock Purchase and RRSP matching plans Comprehensive medical, dental, life benefits Generous time off programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community and donation matching Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.) Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing group classes Home office flexibility 
ScrapedJobID951:
Develop hardware schematic and PCB layout with Altium design Develop system/board architecture and execute implementation Evaluation and assistance with qualification of new and alternate components Evaluate and select components and support component qualification Develop engineering documentation Design and implement firmware on embedded devices (ARM Cortex M0-M3-M4) Design, develop, code, test, verify and debug system software Develop design files (schematic entry, source code, etc.) to implement the designs Support the board layout activities and HW/SW integration activities Research and investigate electronic components for obsolescence issues, alternates, cost, environmental characteristics, and revisions Provide production and post-production support Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering or equivalent work experience Minimum 1 year experience in Schematic and PCB Design Excellent Working knowledge of Altium Designer One year of experience in developing with a product team. Experience in hands-on development and troubleshooting with embedded devices, including design and manufacture verification and board bring-up Solid low-level programming experience with C/C++ Solid understanding of Sub 1GHz and 2.4GHz wireless connectivity Solid understanding of ARM microcontrollers and their system architecture & internals, Interrupts, scheduling, synchronization, asynchronous processing and RTOS Familiarity with ticket tracking tools, code review, unit testing, continuous integration, source control (GIT), and other tools for modern software development. Ability to learn quickly and adapt easily to new code bases Experience with optimizing code size for embedded systems Experience reading hardware schematics and doing board bring up Experience with Bluetooth Low Energy Prior experience on health care hardware platforms Experience with sensors or sensor sampling, such as accelerometers RF programming experience in Bluetooth (Broadcom, CSR, Nordic, ST, TI) Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) PCB design: 1 year (preferred) Schematic: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID952:
Develop & Deploy – implement applications in AWS or other cloud providers including solving problems and analyzing issues. Strong desire to introduce automation to replace manual operations. Be a Team Player – work in a collaborative team-oriented environment, share information, value diverse ideas, interact with customer, partner with cross functional and remote teams Be Curious & Innovative – continuously update yourself with next generation technology, development tools, and contribute to process development practices Be an Agile Person – involved with the agile teams. Communicate on issues that may affect the deployment, identify process improvements & work with the scrum team to ensure product success. Be an Effective Communicator – articulate technical issues, and share ideas, participate in peer discussions and solutions. Ability to communicate effectively with technical staff, management and business team members. Take Ownership – for performance, reliability and improvement changes for improving efficiency of application infrastructure, scalability and operate with ease. Bachelor’s degree in computer science preferred Prior software development experience with Java or Python Experience with configuration management technologies (e.g. Ansible, Puppet) Experience with CI/CD technologies (e.g. Jenkins, Github Actions, AWS Code Pipeline) Experience working with Git Familiarity with infrastructure as code concepts Familiarity with Linux, shell scripting and system administration Desire introduce automation to replace manual operations Experience developing, deploying, and operating applications in AWS Experience supporting production applications and environments Experience with CMS such as Adobe Experience Manager or WordPress Monitoring and logging experience using tools such as AppDynamics/DynaTrace, DataDog, Sumologic/Splunk Ability to administer relational and NoSQL databases Docker and clustering services such as Kubernetes or AWS ECS Understanding of networking: CDNs, Load Balancers, DNS Configuration, TLS certificate management and PKI Exposure to a wide breadth of leading-edge technology Career growth - the ability to work on multiple projects and/or with various teams Professional growth and development opportunity through various training programs, conferences, networking events, in-house speaker series etc. Access to Hackathons, Unconferences, Harvard Manage Mentor and more, we offer learning opportunities for everyone Health benefits Savings/investment plans Paid time off (including time off to volunteer and extended parental leave) Flexibility: We've been named as one of Forbes, Best Companies for Work/Life Balance Global Opportunities: We have employees in over 90 countries, working across three different industries Your well-being: We offer a program that focuses on making our lives healthier 
ScrapedJobID953:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in program management, leading technical projects. Experience with data visualization, SQL, and building dashboards. Experience with project management and products. MBA or graduate degree in a management field, with an emphasis on business operations and strategy. Experience with Customer Support operations. Experience with or interest in Google Workspace or online work concepts and/or products. Ability to communicate with and influence diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels. Firm sense of accountability, and ability to take ownership in an environment that requires navigating ambiguity. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, impeccable business judgment, and knowledge of customer support principles. Lead supportability program for Google Meet, Google Voice and Google Chat. Apply analytics to evaluate and develop recommendations, define, articulate and advise on product requirements. Work with engineers and product managers to pursue agreed upon objectives while tracking, prioritizing and communicating issues. Develop stakeholder dependencies to meet supportability objectives, including tooling and process requirements, coordinate and influence across stakeholders to see those projects through implementation. Develop effective partnerships with multiple stakeholders to deliver insights and drive improvements across Support and Product Engineering teams. 
ScrapedJobID954:
You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; clients describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. Bachelor's degree / diploma in Computer Science / Engineering, or equivalent work experience. 4+ years in network and system engineering for on premise, hybrid or cloud solutions 3+ years experience working with Azure Cloud services Experience automating and managing infrastructure-as-code Experience in configuration management and developing CI/CD pipelines Experience in DevOps and MLOps Methodology Familiarity with Linux fundamentals Rebased a branch in Git Scripting experience in your language of choice (Python, Bash, Powershell, etc) Used container orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes deployments) Used an artifact repository Worked in a multi-function team to deliver end-to-end solutions We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID955:
Build knowledge and experience of developing and/or testing routing protocols (OSPF, ISIS, BGP, and RIP), signaling protocols (MPLS, RSVP, LDP, PIM, IGMP, MLD, MLDP, SR) used to carry traffic on the internet from layers 2-7 of the OSI model. Build knowledge and experience of working and/or testing management protocols (SNMP, NETCONF, YANG). Must have strong background in TCP/IP and network troubleshooting, a proven aptitude for methodical problem solving, good communication skills, a strong attention to details, and the ability to work well in a close-knit team. Working with Tool Command Language (TCL) and/or Python (preferable) programming language Working with the operation of software defined and virtualized networks. Review test plans, test procedures and infrastructure with relevant stake holders for adequacy and completeness/correctness. Analyze results and interact with development engineers, architects/Product Managers and the test community in the resolution/root causing of test failures. Develop automated test cases to validate new h/w and s/w features in a Linux-based regression environment. Specify and design test infrastructure using (or enhancing) the existing automation framework to execute the test plans. Contribute to enhancing the in-house test automation environment. Help integrate features in simulated customer environments. Build and configure test beds with cutting-edge hardware and test equipment for traffic generation and protocol emulation. Analyze the test results on a nightly and weekly basis and work closely with testers and developers to investigate and resolve bugs. Monitor automated regression tests to ensure that new code does not break existing functionality. Minimum bachelor’s degree in computer engineering, computer science or related field, or equivalent practical work experience. Minimum 2 years of experience with IP / MPLS testing and automation. Solid programming skills (transferable to new languages). Strong analytical / troubleshooting skills. A solid understanding of computer h/w architectural building blocks. Experience using source control software (CVS, Git). Experience coding large s/w projects outside of typical school projects. One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg Workplace Pride Global Benchmark LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation 
ScrapedJobID956:
Awesome work-from-home policy with quarterly in-person meetings around the world Competitive salaries for quick-learners and fast-paced individuals You will have the ability to gain career experience beyond strict job requirements, with decision-making power to be the master of your own projects Resources for self-improvement including courses, software, workshops, and conferences We are committed to hiring great people from diverse backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger Develop a comprehensive test automation solution for our EcoRail product Design and build automated test suites and test scripts to validate the quality of Rail Vision products Collaborate with the Development Team to enhance the Development Methodology to insure the delivery of high quality products, Work with Developers to develop automated tests which validate development deliveries. Evaluate and recommend selection of QA methodologies, processes, automation and testing tools Drive continuous product development and contribute to direction of technological development Maintain a high-level of communication between managers and development team Conduct formal presentations to other team members, managers, and in public Contribute to various aspects of a growing company Be an ambassador of technological advancement and revolutionized transportation Grow personal connections to the industry to understand trends and opportunities 1-2 years of relevant work experience Hands-on experience developing and deploying ML models, data pipelines, and running experiments to validate your models Deep understanding of predictive modeling, machine-learning, clustering and classification techniques, and common CS algorithms Strong working knowledge of statistical techniques (distributions, regressions, error bounds, etc.) Experience with git version control, docker, agile methodology, MS 365, and other common software tools Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (MSc. preferred) (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry Python including data processing modules NumPy, Pandas, SciPy Python Machine Learning modules such as Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch SQL (MySQL and Postgres) TimeSeries database (InfluxDB) Cloud computing specifically AWS (VPC, S3, Aurora, RDS, EC2, Step Functions, Lambda, SageMaker) APIs: REST, GraphQL Data Formats: CSV, JSON, XML Development tools: PyCharm, Docker, GIT, Jira, Confluence Agile Development (Kanban, SCRUM) Driven, self-motivated, and detail-focused individuals Clear and concise communicators Passion for career growth and continuous learning Organized in work habits, schedules, timelines, documentation and correspondence Remote work with quarterly in-person meetings (location is voted on every quater) Incentives offered such as Employee Stock Options and yearly bonuses 
ScrapedJobID957:
Write functional specifications and design specifications for small-sized routing protocol features. Independently implement solutions to small-sized problems in our routing protocol software, using the C, C++, and python programming languages. Write test plan specifications for small-sized routing protocol features, and implement automated test programs to execute the cases described in the test plan. Debug problems found by our automated test programs and fix the problems. Work on a team implementing, testing, and debugging solutions to larger routing protocol problems. Work with Customer Support Engineers to analyze problems in customer networks and provide fixes for those problems when needed in the form of new software releases or software patches. Work with the System Test Engineers to analyze problems found in their tests and provide fixes for those problems. Mentor new and junior engineers to bring them up to speed in Arista's software development environment. Review and contribute to the specifications and implementations written by other team members. Help to create a schedule for the implementation and debugging tasks, update that schedule weekly, and report it to the project lead BSc, MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering/Computer Engineering with related work experience Knowledge of C or C++ Knowledge of UNIX or Linux Knowledge of and expertise in various MPLS technologies and MPLS OAM and IP OAM technologies. Examples of these include:
IP Ping/Traceroute
MPLS Ping/Traceroute
Pseudowire Virtual Circuit Connectivity Verification (VCCV) IP Ping/Traceroute MPLS Ping/Traceroute Pseudowire Virtual Circuit Connectivity Verification (VCCV) Understanding of IP networking and IP routing protocols, specifically one of RIP, OSPF, BGP, IS-IS, or PIM. Hands on experience in the design and development of IP routing protocol or distributed systems software. Hands-on experience with enterprise or service provider class, ethernet switch/router system software development, or significant PhD level research in the area of network routing and packet forwarding. Applied understanding of software engineering principles Strong problem solving and software troubleshooting skills. Ability to design a solution to a small-sized problem, and implement that solution without outside help. Able to work on a small team solving a medium-sized problem with limited oversight. 
ScrapedJobID958:
Write manual test cases to verify product functionality as features are being developed Execute tests at all phases of the release cycle including functional, regression testing etc. Create and execute test cases, test scenarios, regression tests, and work with developers to ensure all reported software bugs/defects are resolved Document defects into a bug tracking system Communicate status regularly and effectively to project and functional leaders Nice to have: Develop and maintain automated test scripts with Selenium and C# 5+ years’ experience in Quality Assurance Expert understanding of QA testing processes and methodologies Experience with designing and executing manual test cases as well as experience in running, planning and maintaining automated testing scripts (Selenium experience would be an asset) Experience with various software development tools (Azure Devops, JIRA, Confluence, VSTFS) Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills Excellent communication, written and collaboration skills Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Software Testing: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID959:
Develop the approach for defining, incubating, curating, and evolving value propositions that the field can leverage to drive repeatable digital transformation programs Integrate value propositions with our methodology and tools that leverage the integrated set of capabilities across the organization as well as foster teaming/collaboration with other Microsoft teams and partners Lead digital transformation engagements directly with our largest and most complex customers to apply/prove-out our value propositions, methodologies, tools, and practices Support our external partner and ISV ecosystem through integrated IP and knowledge sharing Establish and lead a programmatic approach to business operations and processes Establish an agile development and delivery approach to products and services Ensure alignment with key stakeholder groups such as our Industry SMEs, WW Industry leaders, sales teams, product and engineering teams and go-to-market teams Build and manage a high caliber, world-class corporate strategy team that will work collaboratively with our customers, partners, and Microsoft CT&I roles Empower teams to execute on our broader CT&I strategy, inspiring them to innovate and grow in their roles Champion your team and support their success Minimum 7 years professional experience in a top tier management consulting firm Minimum 5 years of people leadership experience Strong capabilities to manage complex programs and plans, secure buy-in and alignment from diverse stakeholder groups and drive clear and efficient execution Familiarity with Microsoft cloud products and platforms Proven clear and effective communication with technical and business leaders at all levels within large enterprises and across Product & Business Groups, Partner Groups and Sales organizations Passion and experience in building high performance teams Reputation for building credibility and trust with internal and external stakeholders, including customer and partners Global experience across several markets; multi-lingual a plus Relevant undergraduate degree and /or equivalent work experience. Master’s Degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID960:
Design and build scripts and tools that perform data analysis, transformations, aggregations, and other augmentations on large sets of in a spark-based AWS environment (EMR, Glue, S3, Redshift, Athena) Evaluate various pipeline models, tools, and environments and implement these to push data from our sources through your transformations and finally to our customers Work with product management and data research teams to prototype and test new ideas then take those to production Work in a fast-paced, test-driven environment BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related subject 3 years+ experience working on Apache Spark applications in either Python (PySpark) and/or Scala Experience creating spark jobs that work on at least 1 billion records. Intermediate or greater SQL knowledge Experience creating data pipelines in a production system Experience working on AWS environments (S3, EMR, Glue, Redshift) Experience working with Data Quality techniques Java development experience Experience working with Machine Learning/AI models Experience with AWS glue Familiarity with agile methodologies Experience with the following tools: Jira, Git, Terraform Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID961:
Cloud support engineers are responsible for maintaining cloud computing systems. Their work involves a lot of technical computer programming knowledge and they need to be familiar with computer hardware as well. They are responsible for assessing systems to identify potential weaknesses or problems. They determine when something isnt working as well as expected and then take steps to correct the problem. They upgrade software and hardware systems in order to ensure optimal performance and prevent system issues. Cloud support engineers may be directly involved in recovering data thats been lost or compromised when there’s a problem with the cloud computing system. They may also provide technical support to customers who are having issues with the system. Their responsibilities require them to have a split focus. While their objective is to continue the development and improvement of existing systems so that they aren’t compromised and so that they work as effectively as possible, cloud support engineers must have documented plans in place for how to deal with emergencies and problems with the systems. Teamwork skills, management and leadership skills, analytical skills, problem-solving skills, communication skills, programming skills, customer service skills Monday to Friday Cloud support: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID962:

ScrapedJobID963:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or equivalent knowledge and skills At least two years of experience writing production code solving problems of increasing complexity Skill in at least two programming languages used to build system software, e.g. Java, C, C++, PS Experience designing and packaging virtual machines and cloud compute instances Experience designing and implementing high-speed network, storage fabric and services Experience working in a technical project across multiple engineers Experience with Linux, Microsoft Windows Server, Unix, AIX, HP-UX, OS400, zOS, macOS Experience with Intel, AMD, Arm, MIPS, FPGA Experience communicating with technology alliance partners and other technical teams regarding product requirements, execution status, and technical designs Experience getting things done through collaboration with engineers on multiple teams, multiple timezones and multiple geographical locations Implementing or optimizing operating systems, kernel and driver Implementing or optimizing network storage systems and protocols Implementing or optimizing cryptography systems Implementing or optimizing key management systems Experience with any of the following is a plus: Professional certifications: CISM, CISSP, CISA Communicating with users from Fortune 500 companies Operating 24x7 production systems 
ScrapedJobID964:
Design, build, and maintain the core CI/CD tooling used by all of our client development teams Streamline deployments for multiple projects across different software branches and sandbox environments Work with our existing build scripts, implementing performance improvements and experimenting with new technologies Configure and maintain CI/CD and testing infrastructure Optimizing build times to improve build efficiency for multiple teams Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience Experience with Jenkins and Groovy scripting Ability to write, integrate, and maintain pipelines for CI/CD Ability to design and implement modular and easily extensible solutions Strong understanding of software engineering methodologies and bring a well-adapted approach to testing and driving reductions in technical debt Ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner Strong written and verbal communication skills Development experience on mobile platforms (iOS/Android) and/or Windows Experience with JavaScript Experience with AWS or other cloud platforms Experience using Docker and Kubernetes Direct identifiers such as your first and last name.
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport #.
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport #. Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. Sensitive/Protected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 
ScrapedJobID965:
Develop solutions for automated deployment of our software and services on our production infrastructure hosted on AWS. Establish solutions for virtualized platforms. Develop management solutions for managing services across multiple cloud platforms and data centers. Perform technology evaluation and selection. Report to the Software Development Manager for our client’s Advanced Services. 5+ years of experience in scalable, distributed systems architecture. 5+ years of experience in Java programming. 2+ years of experience with Cloud Platforms including AWS. 2+ years experience of scripting using command-line scripting, python, or JavaScript. 2+ years experience with containerization technologies, including Docker. 1+ years experience with orchestration technologies, including Kubernetes. Experience defining and implementing automated service deployments, including provisions for networking, security, reliability, management, reporting, and configuration management. In-depth understanding of best practices for deployment automation. Experience using Git in a team environment (merge requests, branching, push, and pulls). CS Degree or equivalent experience. You have an in-depth understanding of networking, including routing, naming, security, network performance, and network failure modes. You have an in-depth understanding of the HTTP protocol. You have an in-depth understanding of PKI. You have experience with instrumentation and management of automated deployments. You have experience resolving customer deployment issues. You have worked with distributed teams. You understand CI/CD processes and have some experience building CI/CD pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID966:
Support clients to integrate with the complex AccelByte services. Report technical issues to the engineering team and verify subsequent fixes. Generate new ideas to improve client experience and enrich the AccelByte arsenal. Collect and analyze feedback from clients to drive new features and improvements. Provide support to clients who are experiencing technical issues. Provide onboarding service to new clients. Proven client service experience Passion for building great products with examples of successful product launches Critical thinking paired with strong execution Self motivated Solid troubleshooting skill Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong computer science and engineering background Prior experience with Game Engines such as Unreal Engine and Unity with C++/C# programming A degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Prior experience working on account management systems Prior experience working on e-commerce platforms Prior experience working on data analytics platforms Prior experience working with cloud providers and server providers Prior software development experience Prior experience with Scrum and Agile Prior AAA game experience Prior experience working with a distributed team 
ScrapedJobID967:
Experienced Support Engineer (tier 3-4)/Technical Account Manager/Pre Sales background from web/network/information - Security companies - Required Strong computer skills with an emphasis on Networking, TCP/IP, Firewalls and proxy servers - Required Great troubleshooting abilities and passion to dive into complicated technical problems in real production environments - Required Experience working with a Cloud, SaaS technology provider Familiarity with VPNs, IPSec, security protocols and standards Excellent oral and written communication skills with a passion for working with customers Ability to adapt and work efficiently in a rapidly changing dynamic environment with a willingness to manage multiple simultaneous projects Ability to work effectively and thrive in a fast paced environment Ability to work with a globally dispersed, cross cultural team Own and manage customer issues and see problems through to resolution, this will include troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve customer issues. Mentoring support engineers across the Cato Support Organization. Contribute to the ever-expanding Knowledge articles on an on-going bases Act as a customer advocate working directly with other Cato Departments, this includes engineering, CS/PS and Product Management on customer issues. Be a focal point for the customer’s need as part of the Standard and Designated Support Engineer programs, by deeply understanding their business and aligning their needs with Cato’s solution. Act as trusted advisor to all Cato Customers and as such gain a deep understanding of their business whilst aligning their needs with our solutions Track & monitor customer status and identify both areas of concern and growth opportunities Be a part of building, improving and expanding Cato’s Global Support Services Ensuring keep Cato values are kept by keeping a positive and “can-do” attitude. 
ScrapedJobID968:
Maintaining the good standing of the server infrastructure. We are responsible for many Windows and Linux servers and an increasing investment in serverless technologies Helping to research and develop new infrastructure technologies and approaches as they emerge Supporting a number of platforms at the server / service level. This at times includes eCommerce platforms, Content Management Platforms, Data integration, and custom systems Performing routine tasks related to the infrastructure of our clients’ systems Monitoring for and responding to anomalies within our infrastructure, including on-call rotation as part of a larger team Helping to design and improve our monitoring and reporting Developing and maintaining automation for provisioning and deployment of the server infrastructure Working closely with platform developers to solve their infrastructure-related issues, and mentoring others in understanding implications and limitations of the technology Troubleshooting problems in platforms we support Preferred Skills: Expert knowledge of Windows, Powershell and Linux shell Expert knowledge of web technologies (web servers, DNS, SSL, Browsers) Working knowledge of web development processes (source control, deployment, etc) Experience improving workflow (reducing/optimizing tasks) Knowledge in deploying and maintaining cloud technologies as part of larger systems Understanding of security implications of architecture decisions Practical knowledge of common Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS) services and practices Beneficial Skills: Operating eCommerce servers, especially Magento 2, Drupal, Hybris Operating Content Management Systems such as Drupal, AEM Load testing, pen testing, and providing security for cloud resources Administering and using monitoring tools (eg: NewRelic) to troubleshoot issues Other cloud platforms, such as Google Cloud Detailed working experience with any specific language or platform: Magento 2, Drupal, AEM, Hybris, Fusion, React; and languages including Java, JavaScript, C# / .NET, PHP. Yes, this is a broad spread, but significant experience in any one of these technologies adds to our team capabilities as a whole. 
ScrapedJobID969:
6+ years of progressive software testing experience with demonstrated automation skills, test planning, test design, and test execution Hands on experience with database testing and scripting Experience testing cloud solutions based on Azure or AWS infrastructures Experience writing automated integration tests, API tests, and UI tests Experience incorporating test automation in CI/CD pipelines Passionate about testing, quality, development, and design Excellent Development experience with Python3 (versions 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9) Development experience with Pytest You thrive in a fast-paced environment fueled by exponential growth You take initiative and are driven by your passion for technology You are looking for career growth and to advance your skill set You prefer stepping outside your comfort zone to maintaining status quo You embrace challenges and see opportunities rather than obstacles You are keen to be part of a fast growing healthcare software company that focuses on making people’s lives better Act as a technical point of contact for questions/support within the project testing team Identify and encourage areas for growth and improvement within the team Analyze business needs presented by clients and contribute to technical solutions Create / implement the project test plan and leverage test results to improve the existing plan Design and execute test cases, both manual and automated Set up testing environment, including automated testing framework Develop, set up, and maintain test automation frameworks and tools Integrate automated tests within CI/CD pipeline Evaluate and understand the quality of the system under test Analyze and resolve technical issues pertaining to testing tools, equipment, data, and tests Conduct test reporting and analyze results in order to monitor the health of the system Collaborate with other leads and main stakeholders to ensure successful project delivery Follow technology and industry trends/advancements to maintain technology toolbelt Amazing Health benefits Macadamian* days on top of a generous PTO policy (that grows with you) Health & Wellness Benefit - To keep you healthy and active Impactful, meaningful work People-first culture; complete with monthly socials (post-pandemic!) Remote-work friendly (Pre & Post Pandemic) A commitment to work/life balance 
ScrapedJobID970:
Bachelor's degree in computer science/electrical engineering or equivalent practical experience. Strong grasp of statistical machine learning, linear algebra, and deep learning for computer vision Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, or Python. Familiarity with PyTorch or TensorFlow or other ML Frameworks. Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field. Strong research experience with a track record of publishing or internship experience focussed in one or more of the following: Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, or similar. Excellent communication and documenting skills. Design and implement ML components, systems and tools to automate and enable checkout free shopping. Apply research methodologies to identify the machine learning models to solve a business problem and deploy the model at scale. Own the ML pipeline from data collection, through the prototype development to production. Develop high-performance, scalable, and maintainable inference services that communicate with the rest of our tech stack Innovation - We have an ambitious vision, and any change, especially the zealous kind, requires big ideas. Integrity - We trust each other, and that trust is the foundation on which our relationships both internally and externally are built. Continuous Improvement - We see everything as improvable, and work at finding ways to do so, and enjoy moving toward our goals. Accountability - Our teammates have intrinsic enjoyment in taking ownership and delivering on what they say they will. Customer Focus - We care the most about what benefits our customers and partners. 
ScrapedJobID971:
Yes Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday What is your expected salary? What is your residency status in Canada? Automation Testing: 3 years (preferred) AWS or other cloud: 1 year (preferred) Python: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID972:
Manage development and test of custom packaging from concept to end of life for Nokia NI-IP Network product lines. Tasks will include design concepts/drawings, reviewing of sample packs for construction/product fit, and de-risk design by testing to industry standards (i.e. ETSI, ATIS and Telcordia) Create/Review documentation in detail for packaging drawings, artwork, and bills of material per Nokia requirements. Issuing of part numbers, BOM/life-cycle management, and initial release to production. Work closely with purchasing, packaging suppliers and product manufacturers to ensure packaging designs are aligned with manufacturing processes and optimized for cost. Oversee and manage complete packaging development process, including design, prototype development, and performance testing. Execute or oversee the generation of documentation and specifications for new packaging designs. Support continuous improvement activities including redesigning, testing, and implementing packaging for existing products for improved design and cost. Contribute to the development of operating procedures, standardized practices, material specifications and validation test methods. BS Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Packaging Engineering, equivalent, or better. Practical understanding of packaging test methodologies, industry testing and compliance requirements. Experience with bar-code generating software is a plus. Proficient in the use of CAD applications (PTC CREO is a plus). Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and leadership skills with strong verbal and written communication skills. One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg Workplace Pride Global Benchmark LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation 
ScrapedJobID973:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documentation to define the test strategy and provide QA effort estimation Own QA life cycle for assigned features/modules of the Vault application Ensure that all assigned project deliverables meet the quality objectives in functionality, usability, integration, regression, performance, stability, security and compliance Create and improve testing related documentation, including test plans, test cases, defect reports and knowledge base articles Perform QA activities such as test execution, bug verifications, triage automation results, etc and verify outcomes within schedules/timelines Develop and maintain automated test scripts for functional regression coverage and integrate them into continuous testing pipeline Work closely with cross functional teams, including Developers, Product Managers, DevOps, etc in an Agile fast-paced environment Develop deep expertise in the Vault product 2 to 4+ years of relevant work experience, including software testing and test automation﻿ Proficient in QA process & methodologies, tools and different testing approaches Extensive experience in testing Restful API & HTTP webservices, JSON/XML, Web-based applications Experience with automation framework such as TestNG, JUnit, Selenium, Cucumber, etc Familiar with object-oriented programming and scripting languages like Java, Javascript, Python, etc Working Knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach using tools such as Jenkins and Maven Experience with Cloud infrastructure and VM platform like AWS/Kubernetes and VirtualBox/Vagrant Understand data model, object/entity relationship, and relational databases Knowledge of data analytics and log analysis tool such as Kibana, Elasticsearch, etc Knowledge of modern best practices for software development including IDE, source control, build processes, release management and deployment Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Experience working in Unix/Linux environments Experience with Atlassian products such as Jira and Confluence Experience with testing document and media processing technologies (such as Windows/Office Interop API, PDF analysis and conversion libraries, image file formats, and audio/video compression) Experience with MS Office Product, Adobe InDesign products Knowledge of Pharma Live Sciences industry Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID974:
Develop cloud solutions that promote standards, security, and efficiency across the ecosystem. You would have a firm understanding of cloud engineering concepts, best practices and Linux platform. Building cost efficient and performance infrastructure on the AWS cloud platform. Create detailed design specifications, test and performance guidelines. Research and innovation to find solutions to challenging technical problems. Important player on an agile development team. You have experience developing, and debugging of cloud software in Linux-based environments. You are proficient in programming with the latest version of Golang, understanding Golang's toolchain and hands-on experience using it. You have experience in a continuous delivery environment using test-driven development. You have sound expertise in Linux scripting, debugging and troubleshooting. You are experienced with network protocols and have excellent knowledge of cloud design principals, cloud architecture, and cloud security. You have experience of deployment and management of server- side software on AWS platform. Pension and Retirement Plans Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage Paid Time Off Paid Parental Leave Support for Community Involvement 
ScrapedJobID975:
Demonstrate knowledge of cloud architecture security, scaling, and management principles and have experience working with AWS, GCP, or Azure cloud infrastructures. Develop a SaaS platform architectural strategy and roadmap that addresses our scalability, availability, performance, and cost objectives. Work hand-in-hand with the development team to investigate platform issues and design/implement the necessary solutions. Understand and recommend the use of newly available SaaS provider components/services. Work on solutions to allow our product to operate independent of the cloud provider platform. Provide design documentation to support the SaaS architecture roadmap and work with the team to refine the effort so that it is Sprint ready. Participate in monthly roadmap planning to develop quarterly goals for the team. Act as a leader on the team through mentoring others, working collaboratively with the team, and drive project scoping and execution. Participate in the learning culture at Tanzu Observability and attend and maybe even give tech talks. Be a self-starter with a high attention to detail. Have good communication and presentation skills. Be able to collaborate remotely via Slack/Zoom etc. Once comfortable with travel and as supported by the company, be willing to travel occasionally for strategy sessions, team building events, etc. 401k Matching Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.) Healthy and local inspired snacks in all our pantries when visiting an office 
ScrapedJobID976:
Demonstrate knowledge of cloud architecture security, scaling, and management principles and have experience working with AWS, GCP, or Azure cloud infrastructures. Develop a SaaS platform architectural strategy and roadmap that addresses our scalability, availability, performance, and cost objectives. Work hand-in-hand with the development team to investigate platform issues and design/implement the necessary solutions. Understand and recommend the use of newly available SaaS provider components/services. Work on solutions to allow our product to operate independent of the cloud provider platform. Provide design documentation to support the SaaS architecture roadmap and work with the team to refine the effort so that it is Sprint ready. Participate in monthly roadmap planning to develop quarterly goals for the team. Act as a leader on the team through mentoring others, working collaboratively with the team, and drive project scoping and execution. Participate in the learning culture at Tanzu Observability and attend and maybe even give tech talks. Be a self-starter with a high attention to detail. Have good communication and presentation skills. Be able to collaborate remotely via Slack/Zoom etc. Once comfortable with travel and as supported by the company, be willing to travel occasionally for strategy sessions, team building events, etc. 401k Matching Employee Stock Purchase Plan Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types Generous Time Off Programs 40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, trainings, course work, etc.) Healthy and local inspired snacks in all our pantries when visiting an office 
ScrapedJobID977:
Building high-quality and performant user interfaces that drive Consul product-specific functionality at cloud.hashicorp.com Collaborating with product designers on shaping the flows during the design process Collaborating with other front end engineers in the organization around best practices and shared components Collaborating with other engineers on the team on driving API changes necessary to build the best user experience for our users Work across our product, primarily on the front-end (We use Ember.js, but do not require Ember experience) Work with HashiCorp products such as Terraform, Consul, Vault, and Nomad. Work with multiple cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP, and Azure Interface directly with internal teams, users, and HashiCorp customers Be a part of a distributed team (we're in North America and Europe) You have experience with front-end technology (Ember, Angular, React, etc.) You are familiar with microservices architecture Introductory Call with someone from our recruiting team. First Interview with the Engineering Manager Interview Loop with additional team members, with the following panel: Technical Code Pairing interview with one of our engineers Code Review interview with one of our engineers Communication and Collaboration interview with another team member Conversational interview with a designer Offer 
ScrapedJobID978:
Champion security related initiatives ensuring confidentiality, integrity, and availability Innovate methods to solve new and existing security issues Identify technical solutions that meet security requirements in networking, threat & vulnerability management, identity & access management, and monitoring Evaluate, test and recommend security solutions using industry standard analysis criteria Monitor critical systems for anomalous behaviors Collect and compile threat intelligence for reporting Collaborate with cross-functional team members to carry-out incident response as defined in policy Manage the threat and vulnerability management program, identify risk tolerances, and recommend treatment plans Orchestrate penetration testing (internal and external), identify exposures and risks, and recommend appropriate security solutions Ensure identified risks have treatment plans assigned to appropriate owners and are completed within a reasonable timeline Maintaining usability and productivity collaborate with asset owners to define acceptable remediation plans of action with feasible milestones Recommend security enhancements based on reporting and feasibility analysis Maintain effective partnerships with internal teams to ensure security by design is implemented in all aspects of infrastructure Conduct infrastructure security audit reviews and risk assessments to ensure adherence to all organizational GRC initiatives Maintain current knowledge of trends and developments in the security field through training, reading appropriate literature, attending related seminars/conferences and hosting product demonstrations. Validate business continuity practices and disaster recovery readiness Validate practices with technical policy requirements to protect critical assets (e.g., database, data warehouse, application code, traffic, sessions, secrets) Collaborate across teams to collect relevant audit evidence Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience. Working knowledge of SIEM deployment, log analysis, and system reporting Virtual infrastructure and networking experience (e.g., virtual desktop infrastructure, virtual private networks, virtual private clouds, server-less deployments) Web application firewall deployment and configuration Experience with AWS infrastructure and security products (VPC, EC2, ECS, EKS, Guard Duty, Cloud Trail, Security Hub, et. al.,) Extensive knowledge with network/infrastructure security, networking protocols, virtual security products, firewall access control list management Thorough knowledge with identity/access management, multi-factor authentication, encryption standards (at-rest and in-transit) Excellent communications skills, verbal and written Self-motivated, driven and strong problem-solving skills Auditing experience (especially SOC 1 and 2 controls and ISO 27001 framework) Experience using Terraform Terraform AWS Heroku GitHub Actions Unlimited Paid Time Off Stock Options 401k and RRSP - Matching up to 4% Work from anywhere in Canada and USA Health and Dental benefits $1500 budget for IT set up for your home (Desk, Chair etc) Learning and Development Allowance 
ScrapedJobID979:
Prepare complex layouts and designs, including Plot Plans , PFD’s, P&IDs, piping plans and details, isometrics, material takeoffs and tie-in details, etc. according to engineering specifications and client requirements. Work will typically be supervised through a CAD Operator, Lead; Demonstrates skill in producing and updating P&ID’s, BOM’s; 3D modelling of piping systems and associated foundations and structural for primarily oil and gas facilities and pipeline systems using AutoCAD Plant 3D or CADWorx; Responsible for drafting quality control and interface with other disciplines; Responsible for keeping up with industry updates and current software, as well as internal processes; Ability to assist more junior staff in problem solving and mentoring; and Contribute to special projects (eg. internal drafting standards) as available or assigned. Technical degree or diploma from a recognized educational institution; Preferred minimum of 5 years of direct and/or related experience; Experience with an Engineering firm in oil and gas or energy related industries is considered an asset; Experience with incorporating 3D point cloud data into project 3D models would be considered an asset; Ability to effectively demonstrate extensive knowledge of CAD design and systems, and industry standards; Ability to travel to field locations may be required from time to time; Ability to mentor less experienced drafting personnel; Extensive experience with successful project delivery; and Strong analytical skills and comfortable facilitating multiple projects in a demanding environment with a willingness to work a flexible schedule. 
ScrapedJobID980:
Competitive salary & vacation packages Access to 24/7 on demand online healthcare service Generous referral program Extensive summer hours & flex time Year-round events, from massive to casual and everything in between Beautiful office right near Namur metro home office subsidy Remote work option Learning Assistance program Working alongside super talented and friendly people that like to drive innovation Design, write, ship, and motivate the creation of software and systems to increase observability, product reliability and organizational efficiency. Work across and with products teams to expose their reliability requirements to support the above. Improve service reliability through root cause analysis, blameless postmortems, and using code to prevent or respond to problem recurrence. Some operational and emergency support but implement automations to reduce support and eliminate toil. Establishing SLIs and SLOs with multiple dev and product teams Defining, monitoring and enforcing error budgets Writing and automating reliability-oriented development Incident and post-mortem processes when embedded in teams Understanding of reliability as a development and engineering exercise. Ability to clearly teach/express/share these principles. Intermediate to advanced programming skills in Python or JavaScript. Understanding of high level languages. Intermediate to advanced cloud skills with an emphasis in AWS. Infrastructure as code with CloudFormation preferred. Unix, bash, networking, containers, data and data pipelines essential. Systematic approach to solving problems coupled with strong analytic skills. Strong communication skills, ownership, and drive. Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks. Be proactive, addressing potential problems before they occur. Strong attention to detail. Proven track record of making things better and leading solutions that remove technical pain points and facilitate growth. 
ScrapedJobID981:
Making Hydra based project easy to deploy and manage, through automation & standardisation. Participating in best practice definition for Hydra based project installations. Guiding the development team in best practice CI/CD, and full system testing. Supporting projects solutions and support teams, maintaining the infrastructure, and using lessons learnt to improve best practices. Enhancing cloud services operations and monitoring to be as proactive as possible Troubleshooting cloud infrastructure, identifying issues and assisting in their timely resolution Maintaining strict adherence to security policies within the organisation Designing maintenance procedures and operational guide Testing, evaluating and implementing new technologies Extensive Troubleshooting Skills & Coordination skills Demonstrable skill in deploying and supporting large-scale, customer-critical systems. Significant professional experience Strong understanding of AWS Strong knowledge of Linux Strong knowledge of automation technologies. Strong understanding of common network protocols. Good knowledge of scripting language (Python, Bash); Good knowledge of Docker Strong understanding of Terraform and cloud automation tools Excellent communication skills, ability to interact confidently and communicate technical instructions to colleagues at all levels. Experience in building, deploying and managing stateful services (Database, RAFT Cluster, etc) Financial industry experience IPsec experience Nomad or any other container orchestration solution Low-level x86 hardware knowledge. Networking & Firewall device skills. Low-latency tuning. Java, Golang, Typescript / Javascript A competitive salary 23 days of vacations 50% of the cost for group insurance which includes health, dental, life insurance and short or long-term disabilities up to 5% of your annual salary as a pension plan contribution, if you contribute the same 50% of your public transportation monthly pass 50% of a gym membership No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance Casual dress Commuter benefits Company pension Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Wellness program Monday to Friday Do you require sponsorship? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID982:
Building scalable infrastructure and automated data pipelines Learn, develop and contribute towards MLops best practices Design and develop real-time and batch processing data pipelines. Identifying and reducing technical debt by contributing solutions Assist with scoping out requirements of overall infrastructure design in coordination with Machine Learning and Data Engineering teams. Designing architectural improvements to an event-driven microservice architecture Performing code reviews and providing constructive feedback for other team members Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent 3+ years of software/data engineering industry experience Demonstrated experience in Micro-service Architecture, Data Integration Design, Data Streaming (AWS Kinesis, Lambda. Apache Kafka), In-memory & distributed caching and Data Architecture Proficient in writing streaming applications and integration services Strong understanding of data storage principles, data formats (Avro, Parquet, Delta) and writing ETLs for batch pipelines (Spark, Airflow etc.) Strong suite of skills in software development with focus on code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development Knowledge of best practices in data engineering and MLops Knowledge/Experience in functional programming is an asset High growth expectations for yourself Legally authorized to work 40 hours/week in Canada Effective communication skills Previous experience working with machine learning teams Knowledge/experience in designing high performances engineering systems Demonstrate drive for self-development and continuous learning Previous experience building cloud first engineering systems (AWS, GCP) Experience with basic Python libraries such as Numpy, Pandas, Boto3, NLTK, CoreNLP, spaCy, etc. Experience with REST APIs (using and building) You’ve gotten your hands dirty with one or more Apache open source tools like Airflow, Solr, Spark, Lucene, Tika, Kafka, Iceberg etc. Experience with Information Retrieval, ElasticSearch, Relational Databases, NoSQL Databases. A cool engineering project, prototype or web application you worked on. We’d love to see a demo of a cool engineering project you worked on! Previous experience or desire to work for a high performance startup. Competitive Stock Options Competitive Pay Unlimited vacation days 16" MacBook Pro dedicated for work Additional winter holidays (Dec 25 - Jan 1) Flexible work hours and location. We’re cool with remote work! In-person office workspace can be made available in Toronto (if required), in accordance with City of Toronto Public Health guidelines. 1 day, every alternate week, dedicated to projects you’d like to innovate on within the context of the work the company is doing Growing in to more senior roles, starting with hiring and training a co-op for your team and/or the project your team is leading No red tape, no unnecessary processes, accelerated learning and growth. Health benefits Work for a cool AI startup and make an impact. We are building something legit and impactful, not just another app. Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday software/data engineering industry: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID983:
Cloud support engineers are responsible for maintaining cloud computing systems. Their work involves a lot of technical computer programming knowledge and they need to be familiar with computer hardware as well. They are responsible for assessing systems to identify potential weaknesses or problems. They determine when something isnt working as well as expected and then take steps to correct the problem. They upgrade software and hardware systems in order to ensure optimal performance and prevent system issues. Cloud support engineers may be directly involved in recovering data thats been lost or compromised when there’s a problem with the cloud computing system. They may also provide technical support to customers who are having issues with the system. Their responsibilities require them to have a split focus. While their objective is to continue the development and improvement of existing systems so that they aren’t compromised and so that they work as effectively as possible, cloud support engineers must have documented plans in place for how to deal with emergencies and problems with the systems. Teamwork skills, management and leadership skills, analytical skills, problem-solving skills, communication skills, programming skills, customer service skills Monday to Friday Cloud support: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID984:

ScrapedJobID985:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID986:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Java and GoLang on the Backend ReactJS on the front end MySQL and Couchbase as our datastore Legacy monolith with JSF Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills 
ScrapedJobID987:
Monday to Friday Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (required) SQL: 4 years (required) Python: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID988:
Monday to Friday SQL: 3 years (required) Python: 2 years (required) PL/SQL: 2 years (required) Scripting: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID989:
Contribute to designing and developing software for cloud-connected embedded Linux devices Provide ongoing maintenance, support and enhancements to existing codebase Manage planning and tasking, architectural discussions, and set technical standards for a team of 2-5 people in an Agile environment. Support the transition of a groundbreaking new product from prototype into production Collaborate cross-functionally with hardware engineers, data scientists, business users, project managers and other software engineers to achieve elegant solutions Direct experience developing in C++, Python, shell scripting, etc. Familiarity with embedded Linux, specifically Yocto/OpenEmbedded, bitbake, BSPs, etc. Experience building and deploying applications with Git, CI/CD etc. Familiarity with cloud IoT platforms, particularly Azure IoT Edge on Linux devices Use of Docker as a cross-architecture development tool for embedded Linux targets Databases and data structures, like Cosmos, SQL Familiarity with data serialization formats such as Google Protobuf, JSON Experience with testing methodologies, unit tests, and integration tests Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies Preferred: Javascript, C#, Azure IoT Edge Stock options 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Do you currently live and have been working in Canada/USA for at least 4 years? Professional software development: 6 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID990:
Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Bachelor's Degree (preferred) security frameworks OWASP-TOP 10, SANs-TOP 25, CWE: 1 year (preferred) Burp suite, Fortify and Opensource tools: 1 year (preferred) Application Security: 5 years (required) web and mobile application security: 5 years (required) web application pen tests: 1 year (preferred) Azure: 1 year (preferred) CISSP (preferred) Offensive Security Certified Professional (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID991:
Drive the design, planning, and implementation of multifaceted applications, giving you breadth and depth of knowledge across the entire project lifecycle Combine your technical expertise and problem-solving passion to work closely with clients, turning complex ideas into end-to-end solutions that transform our clients’ business Constantly innovate and evaluate emerging technologies and methods to provide scalable and elegant solutions that help clients achieve their business goals Develop perspective and thought-leadership in aligning clients’ needs to innovative business solutions, establish best practices, and mentor team members to operate as a best-in-class team Manage the project scope and deliverables of a globally distributed team throughout the development lifecycle Significant software development experience with expertise in Java 8 and above Experience applying the latest Java 9 features Experience with Multi-threading, Collections, and concurrent API Experience writing high-quality code with fully automated unit test coverage (Junit, Mockito, etc.) Experience defining and applying design/coding standards, patterns, and quality metrics depending on the solution Working experience with various CI/CD systems and build tools (ant, maven, gradle, etc.) Working experience with data platforms (relational and/or NoSQL) and messaging technologies Working experience with MVC frameworks like Spring, etc. Working experience with web-services and APIs (REST, SOAP) Excellent OOPs, data structure, and algorithm knowledge Working experience with LINUX/UNIX environment and shell scripts Experience in one or more front-end development technologies Knowledge & experience in microservices and automated integration testing Working experience creating high performing applications, including profiling and tuning to improve performance Understanding & experience in API management, Swagger Knowledge of one or more security or integration framework (PING, Octa) Knowledge of containerization Experience in TDD/BDD Experience in Scrum/Agile Knowledge of public cloud infrastructures (AWS, Azure, GCP)•Willingness to travel 
ScrapedJobID992:
As Sr Full Stack Software Developer, you have a solid technical foundation, and a strong focus on growing your development skills; you are able to deliver complex tasks, working individually or pairing with others and you have a significant amount of experience in different domains. You will be part of a team creating new services and customer-facing applications using the latest technologies which will shape the future of banking for RBC; You will develop and support highly scalable, high performance APIs within an Agile development team Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing. Automate processes within the development pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery. Design and develop code structures based on technical design defined by the team. Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. You will actively seek out knowledge about new technologies and how they can be used to solve current and foreseeable challenges. Excellent communication including the ability to distill technical details into human terms. 5+ years’ experience with Angular 2+, Java 8, REST API/Micro services, Spring Framework (MVC, Security, JPA, Boot) Maven, SQL 2+ years developing on an RDBMS (Oracle, MSSQL), Elastic Search and Data Streaming (Kafka) Exposure to data hygiene routines and models Knowledge of developing distributed cloud applications and interface specifications (Swagger, RAML, SOAP) Knowledge of security gateways and protocols (JWT, Oauth2.0, SSL Certificates) Full software development life-cycle experience with CICD and thorough testing prior to release. Pairs effectively with other developers in the team. Solid Understanding of Agile Developing on Hadoop/Spark Object Oriented coding practices, including design patterns knowledge, refactoring, clean code. Knowledge of major architectures style (message oriented, reactive, event based) Micro-service design and implementation (load balancing, discovery, resiliency) A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID993:
Software Architecture planning, control System development, modelling and implementation Experience with low-level embedded software development with C/C++ Experience with scripting languages: Python, Matlab porting algorithms from Matlab, Python to embedded C Knowledge of RTOS and real-time software principles Ability to develop and integrate hardware drivers for peripheral devices + protocols: SPI, I2C, USB, DMA, TCP/IP, UDP, DMA, UART, Bluetooth Knowledge of the software development life cycle Embedded Linux experience, kernel drivers Git control Mixed-signal systems TI, Microchip, ARM-processors low-power data acquisition, micro-amp systems, Li-ion battery charging circuits, power consumption optimization for portable (battery powered) products wearable biosensing (ECG, SPO2, EEG) RTOS real-time systems, watchdog timers, embedded wifi/Bluetooth motion Surface-mount soldering, rework and board bring-up and debugging skills Microfluidic or digital microfluidic systems development POC diagnostic systems development Android/IOS App Integration control w/ stepper motors camera-based optical systems machine vision applications, OLED/LCD/ display drivers Casual dress Company events On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) embedded systems development: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID994:
Leads or contributes to data architecture road maps that integrate solutions across various platforms and build for big data and next generation data solutions Researches, designs, evaluates, tests, and recommends tools, technologies, processes and implements database systems in the cloud and on-premises environments; Review and recommend emerging database and web technologies. Work with the architecture and engineering teams to oversee the design of critical areas of the application data model throughout the entire SDLC and document accordingly Collaborates with various stakeholders during various phases of the projects to produce cutting-edge data solutions. Maintains documentation on current architecture (logical and physical) for all data environments (development, test and production) Develops, documents and maintains standards and policies for user authentication, database security, database naming conventions, etc. Review and approve database designs presented by the development teams for implementation. Provide support and mentoring to other engineers in all aspects of logical database design,
creating and tuning queries, and other related activities. Advises on database performance problems and other database-related issues lifecycle Implements data quality standards, data protection standards and adoption requirements across the enterprise You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits Minimum 7 years database architecture, systems development, database engineering and administration experience, with at least 2 years designing modern data platforms and large databases. Understanding of relational and dimensional data modeling for OLAP and OLTP with Hands on experience using Erwin, Visio or similar tools Experience testing and evaluating data technologies and systems. Extensive experience with database technologies, for both structured and unstructured data (MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Strong knowledge of SSAS, SSIS, SSRS as well as Spark, R and python experience Demonstrated skills in collaboration, teamwork, and problem-solving to achieve goals Excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills and ability to professionally interact with variety of stakeholders. Strong ability to plan work activities, manage competing priorities, identifying critical tasks, organize and prioritize work activities to meet deadlines and see projects through to completion. Comfortable in an agile development environment that requires the ability to adapt to change and motivate others to achieve excellence in a dynamic environment and will bring exceptional attention to detail and commitment to quality. 
ScrapedJobID995:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID996:
Design, document, develop, test and deploy new products/features. Share ownership of the product. Operate at all levels of the stack - starting from the front end code our customers see all the way down to the REST endpoints, backend business logic and the infrastructure. Implement best development practices including continuous integration, test automation, data backup and recovery, etc. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Proven record of finishing projects where the work spans several months. 5+ years front-end development experience in Javascript(ES6+)/Typescript. 3+ years back-end development experience in GO/C++/NodeJS. Experience with web frameworks: ReactJS, VueJS or Angular. Experience with databases: SQL and/or NoSQL. Experience with cloud providers: AWS, GCP, etc. Experience with Web APIs (web workers, canvas, fetch, etc.). Strong working knowledge of RESTful APIs. Good understanding of OS concepts and networking. Experience with Docker. Unix shell scripting: grep, sed, awk, bash, etc. BS degree, or College Diploma in Computer Science or related. A link to your Github/Gitlab account. Experience with other programming languages. Experience with Agile software development. Experience participating and contributing to open source projects. Experience with tools for managing container-based clusters: Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, HashiCorp stack, etc. Only resumes in PDF format will be reviewed. 8 hour shift Link to Github/Gitlab account Javascript(ES6+)/Typescript: 5 years (preferred) GO/C++/Python/NodeJS: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID997:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Participate in data engineering and transformation design to ensure highly scalable, extensible, and performant solutions. Contribute to data ingestion, transformation and extraction solutions in Enterprise big data platform (EDL) and Global Data and Analytics Platform Contribute to data and project design and delivery for some of highly visible and critical projects across bank Contribute to translating architecture or design into both logical and physical data models that comply with existing (and evolving) standards and practices. Hands on development supporting Data integration, Analytics and Cloud environments. Work with the Bank’s data governance program Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions. Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with Scotiabank’s Values, its Code of Conduct while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions and conduct risk. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Graduate degree in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) related discipline is desirable, along with 7+ years of working in IT and 5+ years practical experience in Data Engineering/Integration and Analytics. 3+ years of experience in working with Hadoop Hive, Apache Sqoop, Apache Spark 3+ years of experience in SQL and ETL Development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with Talend 2+ years of hands-on experience with Python or Java programming. 2+ years of hand on experience with scheduling tools such as Autosys, Tidal, Airflow 2+ years of software development (SDLC) experience in Agile Scrum/Kanban methodology 2+ years of development production support experience is an asset Working experience with DevOps and running Jenkins pipelines Strong communication and presentation skills Excellent understanding of RDBMS concepts (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2) Hands on experience with Unix/Linux Command Line Interface (CLI) and Shell Scripting Experience with code repository, version control and code promotion tools such as Git/bitbucket and Jenkins We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID998:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID999:
Write code to develop new services and enhancements to existing Java microservices and applications using best practice design patterns to ensure robust scalability. Ensure compatibility and interoperability of the product API with external API consumers. Implement application designs that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs. Act as a mentor to junior software engineers. Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 years’ experience programming in Java in Linux and/or Windows environment and in cloud computing (AWS, Azure or Google cloud) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM, etc. In-depth understanding of API gateway products, API security policies & API traffic management policies Proficient in CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, etc. Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices such as Agile project management, coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Strong communication skills and commitment to teamwork Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Proven leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver Software Engineering: 5 years (Required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1000:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1001:
Design, prototype, implement, test, and document full stack (front and back end) web applications, and RESTful APIs. Design for usability with responsive web user interfaces. Build quick prototypes / demonstrations to help validate technologies and to provide sales demos. Design for scalability and reliability (24/7 operations – minimal maintenance down time) with continuous integration. Work with DevOps to deploy and maintain system components into QA and Production environments, and to create tools to quantify performance and reliability. Assist QA in developing automated tests Incorporate security into web services, APIs, and user interfaces. Work with Product Management (and Sales Engineers) to define the product requirements and ensure customer needs are being met. Estimate timelines and provide risk assessments for planning and tracking work. Provide feedback for continuous improvement of processes. Provide Tier-3 support to customers and work with Technical Support to improve their knowledge and tools for troubleshooting. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent discipline 2+ years of full stack application development for always on web applications with global user base, large traffic volume, and multi-national operations Proficient in responsive user interface development in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript using Angular (6+) or React frameworks Familiar in Java (JEE) technologies including Spring MVC, Struts, Hibernate, RESTful JSON/XML, WebSockets Familiar with SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL), and able to design/modify relational schemas, adapt Stored Procedures Comfortable in cross technology Enterprise Application environment – mostly Java (JEE) on Linux, but some C#/.NET 5+ years with micro services architecture in a continuous integration environment Implemented Single Sign On and OAUTH mechanisms Familiar with Docker and Cloud Infrastructure (AWS, Microsoft Azure), Serverless functions. Familiar with IoT transport and network protocols (MQTT, TCP/IP, LoRaWAN, LTE-M) with accompanying security. Familiar with network management concepts: SNMP, Equipment and Link monitoring, Logical Network Mapping, Geolocation Customer focus Complex problem solving: Systems-level approach to software Creative, collaborative, and open-minded Strong communicator Passion and pride in your work Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Monday to Friday AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) full stack application development for always on web apps: 2 years (preferred) responsive user interface development: 2 years (preferred) Java technologies: 2 years (preferred) PostgreSQL and MySQL: 2 years (preferred) cross technology Enterprise app environment: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1002:
Engage in technical discussion of new solutions and architectures. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Ensure that technical decisions support our goals of quality, performance, scalability, reliability, availability, and security. Work with our operations team to improve the architecture while building and scaling services. Build new features with a focus on testability and extensibility. Opportunity to revamp our data architecture and make it more nimble, efficient, and powerful Drive new insights based on continuous improvements to our data infrastructure and be the liaison between Engineering, Data, and the End Users You’re a professional with 5 + years of experience building amazing things that speak for themselves. Experience working with Python and Django. Async Python experience. An understanding of SQL and relational database design. Optional, but preferred understanding of asynchronous programming, Postgres, JSON Web APIs, AWS, Jenkins, Django Rest Framework, Linux. Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken. Excellent interpersonal skills (collaborate, facilitate, and negotiate). Understanding of cloud platforms and experience deploying on AWS. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1003:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Be a senior hands-on contributor and lead by example. Supervise an impactful team of technology professionals including handling performance, mentorship, and coaching. Plan, develop, and support solutions to meet the business objectives of the departments at Teck operations within agreed upon service levels. Promote and support continuous improvement through the implementation of technology solutions. Be a technical evangelist, constantly looking for opportunities to advance our efficiency and quality across teams by defining and upholding standard methodologies and advocating for new technologies. Provide information on progress, forecasts, actual vs. budget comparison and explanation of variances. Support achieving goals and improve delivery efficiency and effectiveness via continuous monitoring of core metrics, key performance indicators (KPIs), and other critical success factors. Represent Teck TDS with senior business partners, exercising appropriate influence and skills in prioritizing work and setting plans, schedules and budgets for projects and sustainment. Engage with vendors to provide additional services or products. Provide feedback and recommendations on departmental long-range plans, budgets and strategies and initiate change to benefit the whole organization. Maintain a general proficiency across Teck Digital System’s functional areas, between business functions, system integration and dependencies, and the roles and capabilities of enterprise delivery teams. Post-secondary degree in Software Engineering or other related fields. 8 years of dynamically senior level experience in data engineering, data development, or application development. Knowledge in cloud big data technologies and techniques with a preference for Azure. Demonstrated leadership skills including coaching and mentoring. Strong understanding of Agile methodologies and experience as a developer of applications on an agile team Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent program and project management skills and solid understanding of business analysis techniques. Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and the ability to maintain strong relationships with business partners, business management and application users. A valid driver's license is required. Ability to travel to our sites in British Columbia 20-40% of the time Working level Spanish would be an asset. Must be P.Eng eligible for EGBC or APEGA Membership 
ScrapedJobID1004:
Perform the technical design, implementation, testing, and production support of applications and platform software for the FOLIO open source platform (www.folio.org). Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing, and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met. Conduct new technology research, proof of concept, and design work that will provide direction for the enhancement of the overall system and products. Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, maintainability, and culture. Demonstrate ownership of developed components from development through production. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Masters preferred. 5+ years of experience in Java 3+ years of experience in designing relational database schema and writing complex SQL queries; experience with PostgreSQL specifically is a plus 2+ years of experience with AWS Cloud services Linux – general knowledge, shell scripting – RedHat/Amazon Linux specifically is a plus 3+ yrs experience using Agile and/or SAFe 2+ years of experience in implementation of production RESTful interfaces in a microservices model Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills An advocate for unit testing, automation, and test-driven development. Virtualization – Docker, Vagrant, etc. CI/CD – Jenkins, Maven, etc. SCM - Git/GitHub OpenAPI, JSON, XML Security related experience –SSO, OAUTH, SAML, LDAP, etc. Scripting languages - bash, groovy, python Container management - AWS ECS, Kubernetes, etc. Logging/Monitoring/Alerting/Analytics – Cloudwatch Insights, SumoLogic, micrometer, graphana, SNMP, JMX, etc. Other - Kafka, ElasticSearch 
ScrapedJobID1005:
Provide a strategy and recommendation for the optimal data center management approach post 2025 (expiration of current contract) along with a comprehensive plan to achieve this outcome. Conduct required financial, legal and business impact analysis for various options to manage CPCG’s data center requirements post 2025. Be the Innovapost prime for DC vendor and advise on licensing and contracts disposition and associated roadmap for decommissioning off the current on-premise data center provider to the recommended approach. Manage IT investments (financial and technology) decisions for our existing DC IT Infrastructure in coming years in line with the proposed long-term DC and cloud strategy Engage with stakeholders across the organization to understand current state of the on-premise data center contracts, and underlying legal, financial obligations and timing sensitivities Develop a financial model for future cost savings of migrating off the current on-premise data center provider based on optimizations derived by renegotiating licenses and contracts for managed services, platform and 3rd party products including the current Azure cloud services Present findings to executive stakeholders in a clear and concise manner Domain knowledge: Deep understanding of IT Infrastructure ecosystem and leading-edge Datacenter technologies as well as knowledge and understanding of IaaS, PaaS, and managed services related to IT infrastructure services Business Analysis: understanding of business case development; able to effectively gather information across domains; able to synthesize information, conduct quantitative analysis, and provide recommendations Datacenter Financial Management: strong knowledge of datacenter operations and financial implications of products and services provided 3rd party operators Stakeholder Management: 10+ experience in collaborating with multiple stakeholders internally; work with all types of organization stakeholders including senior executives, management team, business partners and technical staff Legal Analysis: ability to understands contracts and absorb key legal terms and their implications on the business from a risk perspective and financial exposure License and Contract Negotiations: ability to negotiate terms and conditions that provide a risk-free and optimal path forward for our organization and 3rd parties w.r.t. outstanding contracts and licenses. 10+ years of experience in IT data center management Previous experience in providing strategic advice to (IT) executive on vendor management and strategy Enhanced Reliability Security Clearance 5+ years of experience in commercial contract negotiations and vendor management is highly desirable Experience in IT Service Management Experience in one or more Agile and/or Cloud transformations i.e. transitioning from traditional IT methodologies to a cloud environment Academic: undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (required) Graduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (Asset) Certifications with one or more of the leading CSPs (Asset) Minimum 10 years’ experience in progressively advancing roles within IT. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation 
ScrapedJobID1006:
Experience designing and writing multi-process, or multi-threaded, firmware running within an RTOS and/or embedded POSIX compliant OS/or QNX operating system. 
ScrapedJobID1007:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1008:
7+yrs working experience in distributed and, or cloud-based systems Expertise in Java - Java 8+ Fantastic knowledge of data structures and algorithms Great understanding of object-oriented programming Great understanding of multithreading and concurrency Excellent verbal and written communication skills A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field experience with one or more of: Angular, JavaScript, node.js, MongoDB, Apache Kafka, Spring Boot Familiarity with network and web security Experience with network programming, protocols, and analysis Experience with reactive programming paradigms Cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID1009:
Deep software development experience with work experience in developing DB schemas, creating ETLs, and familiar with MPP/Hadoop systems. Working Knowledge of XML, JavaScript, JSON, YML and Linux Advanced experience with scripting language – Python or Shell is a must have Big Data: Building and maintaining highly scalable, robust & fault-tolerant complex data processing pipelines Strong knowledge of software development methodologies and practices Experience working in Agile development teams; working knowledge of Agile (Scrum) development methodologies Experience with Amazon web services: EC2, S3, and EMR (Elastic Map Reduce) , Redshift or equivalent cloud computing approaches Strong expertise in writing analytical SQLs, Data Marts, Data Warehousing and analytic architecture Experience working with large data volumes Hands on experience with Hadoop stack of technologies – mainly Hive, Hive on spark Experience creating and consuming JSON/REST web services and communicating with systems. Skilled in developing Software for Java (Spring & Springboot), Scala for spark streaming & spark applications, or other JVM based languages. 70-85% hands-on development in all phases of the software life cycle. Designing/developing ETL jobs across multiple big data platforms and tools including S3, EMR, Hive, Vertica Designing end to end data pipeline given business and ops requirements (ingestion, processing and storage). Conduct design and code reviews Defect remediation Estimates and sequence of individual activities as inputs to project plans Analyzes and synthesizes a variety of inputs to create software and services. Identify dependencies as inputs to project plans Collaborates effectively with peer engineers and architects to solve complex problems spanning their respective areas to deliver end-to-end quality in our technology and customer experience. Influences and communicates effectively with non-technical audiences including senior product and business management. Designing/developing ETL jobs across multiple big data platforms and tools including S3, EMR, Hive, Vertica Designing end to end data pipeline given business and ops requirements (ingestion, processing and storage). 
ScrapedJobID1010:

ScrapedJobID1011:

ScrapedJobID1012:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1013:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 12-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Supports Business Analyst on functional requirements with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Engages with solution architects and engineers to design and configure solutions. Leads design discussions with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Has strong sense of ownership with the ability to drive clarity in complex and ambiguous scenarios. Proficient with systems-thinking and able to articulate them to various groups across the organization. Owns making configuration within the selected platforms Provides technical oversight and guides teams to resolve complex and severe technical issues. Supports one or more moderately to highly complex business processes Champions best practices around data standards, policies, and procedures Serves as a team member, sometimes as a technical lead, sometimes as a business analyst Leads end-to-end testing as a SME and supports business stakeholders during UAT. Uses structured tools for analysis and presentation of concepts and models to support the business needs (requirements) Uses appropriate visualizations for a given metric or nature of data Captures business needs (functional requirements) and translates them into technical requirements (configurations) Connects the system outputs and data to SLA Responsible for the Technical Acceptance Criteria during the inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of the solution Configures modules and platform workflows in their designated system (i.e. CBX) Defines, plans and executes scenario-based test plans (UAT execution) Develops, maintains, and communicates support documentations to the end-users (i.e UAT, Release Notes) Works collaboratively with other team members to ensure system modifications meet business needs Proven experience with large-scale systems/application implementation. 7+ years as Systems or Business Analyst; 10+ years in IT; Experience with SaaS implementation Excellent spoken and written communication skills (verbal and non-verbal) Excellent system mapping tools like Visio, Draw.io Solid Experience in managing data warehouses and ETL pipelines (Min. 3 years) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (advanced data modeling skills required) Good understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bring solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. 3+ years of experience with at least one framework (ie. Spring Boot, JSP) 3+ years of experience developing test cases in jUnit Experience working with SOAP & REST WebServices Knowledge of SQL scripts for analysis and reporting (SQL) Strong understanding of Java applications deployed in a distributed environment Should have a background of having worked with reporting technologies – PowerBI preferred. Ability to create detailed, high quality, design deliverables Working experience with cloud-native technologies Should have experience working with multiple teams Must have experience working in agile methodology and scrum teams. Education: Min. Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering, Information Systems, or related fields Must have: Working experience in dealing with big data and large-scale enterprise systems Desired: Retail experience is a plus. Desired: Working experience with cloud platforms namely AWS 
ScrapedJobID1014:
Proven team leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allows you to develop and mentor others as well as build credibility with your team while executing broader engineering and development strategies. Proven technical leadership skills using technologies and frameworks such as PHP, .NET, Vue.js/React, HTML, Javascript, etc. Developed processes for various types of technical projects / requests Have prepared guidelines, and best practices for design documentation, coding standards, and devops processes. Experience with defining and measuring OKRs/KPIs as well as coaching and training new or underperforming teammates Planned, designed, developed, and shipped multiple large-scale web application software projects of high quality. Maintained successful large-scale legacy web applications Experience with at least one Cloud-infrastructure service (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Services) Excellent communication skills and can translate highly-technical concepts to (non-technical) internal stakeholders 3+ years managing a team of developers/engineers 8+ years professional experience in software development with multiple web programming languages (.NET, PHP, JavaScript, or similar) BS degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Full-time position, available to start immediately Flexible Hours Creative sanctuary/office is located in Sherwood Park Health Benefits Paid vacation within the first year Gym Membership Monthly team-building event (we take the afternoon off to do something fun in the city as a team) Professional development - opportunities to attend industry conferences and seminars around North America to sharpen skills and stay up to date 
ScrapedJobID1015:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1016:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID1017:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1018:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 4+ years of DevOps experience in a software product company setting, ideally within a SaaS-based or cloud-based environment Technical background in software development background with strong exposure to IT infrastructure Considerable deployment automation, CI/CD pipeline, and big data/NoSQL experience as well as strong scripting ability (Python, Ruby, Bash, Javascript, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1019:
Provide technical support to customers using Google Cloud Platform products, solutions and application program interfaces (APIs) Identify and document product bugs and feature requests and work alongside internal support teams as well as customers to implement effective solutions Partner with support teams to improve cloud products at a senior level, suggesting and making changes to the product code Provide assistance and mentorship to users through public forums, third party and Google-owned Strong knowledge of Linux/UNIX Experience troubleshooting Linux performance (CPU, memory, I/O) and familiarity with common Linux troubleshooting tools (vmstat, iostat, lsof, strace, etc.) Strong understanding of administration (user accounts, permission models, access control) Familiarity with networking (NAT, DNS, firewalls, basic routing, load balancing, etc.) Demonstrate comprehensive troubleshooting tactics Resourcefulness and strong research skills Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. Experience with virtual machines (Google Compute Engine, VMware, Amazon EC2, etc.) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes Experience with Shell Scripting Familiarity with web and mail protocols (HTTP, TLS, SMTP, etc.) Familiarity with modern API technologies (OAuth, HTTP RPCs, REST) Familiarity with SQL (any dialect) Monday to Friday Linux: 3 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 2 years (preferred) Network support: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1020:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1021:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Be a senior hands-on contributor and lead by example. Supervise an impactful team of technology professionals including handling performance, mentorship, and coaching. Plan, develop, and support solutions to meet the business objectives of the departments at Teck operations within agreed upon service levels. Promote and support continuous improvement through the implementation of technology solutions. Be a technical evangelist, constantly looking for opportunities to advance our efficiency and quality across teams by defining and upholding standard methodologies and advocating for new technologies. Provide information on progress, forecasts, actual vs. budget comparison and explanation of variances. Support achieving goals and improve delivery efficiency and effectiveness via continuous monitoring of core metrics, key performance indicators (KPIs), and other critical success factors. Represent Teck TDS with senior business partners, exercising appropriate influence and skills in prioritizing work and setting plans, schedules and budgets for projects and sustainment. Engage with vendors to provide additional services or products. Provide feedback and recommendations on departmental long-range plans, budgets and strategies and initiate change to benefit the whole organization. Maintain a general proficiency across Teck Digital System’s functional areas, between business functions, system integration and dependencies, and the roles and capabilities of enterprise delivery teams. Post-secondary degree in Software Engineering or other related fields. 8 years of dynamically senior level experience in data engineering, data development, or application development. Knowledge in cloud big data technologies and techniques with a preference for Azure. Demonstrated leadership skills including coaching and mentoring. Strong understanding of Agile methodologies and experience as a developer of applications on an agile team Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent program and project management skills and solid understanding of business analysis techniques. Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and the ability to maintain strong relationships with business partners, business management and application users. A valid driver's license is required. Ability to travel to our sites in British Columbia 20-40% of the time Working level Spanish would be an asset. Must be P.Eng eligible for EGBC or APEGA Membership 
ScrapedJobID1022:
Earn vesting stock options (equity) Growth into a Managerial position Our team is young and agile, so there is an opportunity to dictate which technologies get implemented. This provides an opportunity to learn and grow as a cutting-edge developer. You are a self-starter and an effective problem solver. 4+ yrs experience in at least one modern programming language such as C#, Java, Python, Go, TypeScript. 4+ yrs experience working with cloud-based applications. Participate in the design, implementation, and execution of a variety of features robust enough for our exploding scale Break down complex problems into their bare essentials, translate this complexity into the elegant design and create high quality, maintainable code Refine functional and technical specifications based on product needs Create and maintain test automation to enable continuous integration and development velocity Collaborate with other developers while providing thoughtful advice using code, design, and architecture reviews Debug production issues across our services Passionate about producing high-quality code Experience working with relational or non-relational databases (DynamoDB, MySQL, ElasticSearch) Experience crafting REST or GraphQL APIs to drive the interactions between client applications and backend services Experience with SPAs like React, Angular, or Vue Experience in developing, deploying, and debugging cloud-based applications in one of AWS, Azure, GCP Ability to apply a basic understanding of cloud-native applications to write code Excellent written and verbal communication skills Being comfortable working across multiple projects simultaneously Experience with continuous integration and delivery tools Experience in developing and executing functional and integration tests Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, and microservice architecture is a strong plus Ability to identify key features of AWS services and use the AWS service APIs, AWS CLI, and SDKs to write applications Ability to identify which AWS services meet a given technical requirement and to define technical requirements for an AWS-based application Driven by team success rather than individual success Positivity and a passion for software development Work with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail Have organizational and time management skills to prioritize work in a demanding environment Continuously learn about new technologies and adapt to industry changes Have a creative spirit Love to problem solve 20 minute recruiter phone discussion 30 minute video interview with Head of Ops & Product and Head of Tech 60 minute technical interview with Development Heads 15 minute meet & greet with Founders Challenging and stimulating work Founders are committed to the vision and the customers Fun, energetic team Extremely low turnover rates due to heavy emphasis placed on cultural alignment and team fit Fast-paced environment Opportunity to learn alongside your teammates 
ScrapedJobID1023:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1024:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Security training and outreach to internal development teams Documenting security guidance and standards Security tool development Security metrics delivery and driving improvement Based out of the Seattle or Vancouver SSCs Experience building tools and processes to reliably identify security issues and logic flaws across large code bases Understanding of security challenges in service architectures or large distributed systems Expertise with web application security best practices Working experience one or more programming languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, preferred Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences • An understanding of AWS cloud services and concepts such as S3, EC2, Lambda, and VPC • Experience with common web application testing tools for IAST, DAST and SAST, and analysis tools Exposure to E-commerce / Web Content Management System platforms (Like Salesforce Commerce cloud, ATG, AEM) Exposure security analysis and best practice recommendation in micro service landscape. Program Management experience Working knowledge in Jira Bug Bounty program experience Agile software development experience Cloudfare experience 
ScrapedJobID1025:
Discover vulnerabilities in the Corporate infrastructure before a malicious external actor does. Discover vulnerabilities in the Production infrastructure before a malicious external actor does. Discover vulnerabilities in the Physical (office, badging) infrastructure before a malicious external actor does. Discover vulnerabilities in the Executive infrastructure (homes, private/home offices) before a malicious external actor does. 5+ years of experience in security testing, vulnerability and/or red team assessment at a top tech or finance company. Experience performing physical penetration tests. Experience performing “Purple Team” exercises using the Mitre ATT&CK Framework. Strong software development skills in Python, Golang, NodeJS, Ruby, C, C++, or similar. Deep knowledge of Amazon Web Services, GCP, and general Cloud infrastructure security. Deep understanding of DevOps/CICD environments, attack vectors and mitigating controls. Familiarity with Docker/Kubernetes. Comfortable operating across a wide variety of platforms, operating systems, and technologies. Ability to work collaboratively and cross functionally with the other security teams. 
ScrapedJobID1026:

ScrapedJobID1027:
Provide oversight of automation of repetitive or high volume manual test cases to increase testing efficiency and minimize test cycle durations. Support other automation specialists as automation tool’s system administrator. Create performance test scripts based on requirements Design/Develop automated test scripts based on complex manual tests to improve the productivity of the testing team. Design and develop automation framework for complex systems involving end to end business scenarios Devise and develop new innovative automation ideas on new initiatives developed using agile methodology Elicit requirements from the development, functional test and/or business teams want as input to the design, development, execution and maintenance of effective automation test scripts using Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT or an equivalent automation tool for the applications or systems under test. Build automations test strategies and test frameworks based on the planned scope. Create Performance testing scripts using MF Loadrunner based on non-functional requirements Maintain existing or newly built automation test scripts for ongoing changes and maintenance to applications under test. Manage the storage, scheduling and execution of automation test scripts including tracking any issues and defects within Tricentis qTest or Jira. Review results of the tests with various IS teams and clarify any observations. Make recommendations as required to improve the quality. Provide thought leadership on the use of Quality Assurance automation testing tools and processes to ensure CP delivers the highest possible quality software aligned with IT industry best practices. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or in Commerce/Business Administration or equivalent; Certification in Software Quality (American Society for Quality - Certified Software Quality Engineer) or equivalent experience; Minimum 5 years’ experience across a broad base of IT disciplines including software development, software design, software architecture and/or software testing for legacy, web and SAP environments; Minimum 5 years’ experience in IT quality assurance and / or quality control activities for major initiatives; Minimum 5 years of experience on automation tools like Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT; Minimum 5 years of experience on MF Loadrunner or Performance Center; Certification in one of the following disciplines:
CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer;
CSTE - Certified Software Tester;
ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer; CSTE - Certified Software Tester; ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; Experience with and effective use of test management tools such as Tricentis qTest or MF ALM, test automation tools such as Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT, Postman and Performance testing tool such as MF Loadrunner is a must; Specific experience in the following:
Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies;
Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers;
Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications;
Ability to provide recommendations based on test results;
Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards;
Ability to implement change and best practices successfully;
Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills;
Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals;
Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers;
Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly;
Keen attention to detail;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies; Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers; Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications; Ability to provide recommendations based on test results; Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards; Ability to implement change and best practices successfully; Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills; Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals; Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers; Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly; Keen attention to detail; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Full-time, Permanent Calgary, A.B. / Winnipeg, MB., / Mississauga, O.N. 
ScrapedJobID1028:
Works closely with the Business, Delivery and Engineering teams, Product Owners and technical platform teams to architect, design and develop high quality APIs and solutions enabling business growth, increasing customer engagement in alignment with business and technical strategies. End-to-end software architecture, design and development of complex distributed cloud based micro-service system. Provides expertise to development team working from various locations on system development and systems integration. This should also extend to providing detailed guidance at the code level to support Engineers delivering code. Designing, building, and enhancing the infrastructure required to support the platforms in terms of robustness, scalability, availability and efficiency Ability to architect, design and deliver software that can scale elastically across multiple data centers and cloud vendors while staying resilient. Understands relationship of application/systems and data solution Understands testing at every stage of development. This includes unit, mutation, use-case, performance, availability (failure injection) and consistency testing Ability to communicate with precision while being concise. Extensive experience using architecture, systems analysis, and design methodology Performing research and development to evaluate emerging technologies and their potential to redesign credit, banking, transaction processing, customer information management platforms. Aligning solutions to strategic technical and capability roadmaps and identifying new shared capabilities and business opportunities. Experience of a broad range of Enterprise technology domains and technology implementations Experience and good understanding of Agile methodology. Strong communication skills and experience in working with diverse multiplatform teams Ability to interact with and influence colleagues and business partners at all seniority levels Strong knowledge and understanding of applications architecture, systems design and integration principles with a detailed understanding of applicable programming methodologies. Proven understanding of architectural concepts (security, data flow, network, data architecture) issues and trends. Strong communication, interpersonal, presentation and negotiation skills Able to apply existing and emerging technologies / architectures to deliver innovative solutions Strong analytical skills - problem identification and resolution Strong technical leadership Experience as subject matter expert for multiple initiatives Good knowledge of Scotiabank standards, API Guides/Playbooks, Enterprise Architecture and chassis components Experience with development practices and the deployment of distributed and mainframe applications within Scotiabank. 10+ years of experience in IT, with an emphasis on API and Micro-service development, and proven ability in delivery services. REST/SOAP Protocols XSLT/JSON Message Mapping and tools API & Service Integration development techniques Java/Node JS Frameworks and Components Cloud Architecture Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, AWS etc. Performance engineering techniques Good knowledge of Domain Driven Design and multiple Java frameworks Build, automated integration, and deployment tools such as Maven and Jenkins. Experience in delivering code using TDD, CI/CD, Code Analysis and Coverage tools to support automated testing and monitoring Source Code Management Systems (GIT, Bit Bucket, SVN) Security – secure development principles, OAuth, infrastructure security, etc Experience of working with TOGAF or other Enterprise Architecture Frameworks and their application Cloud infrastructure, Docker, Linux OS, distributed Relational/NoSQL/NewSQL datastores HA Design/Architecture principles Mainframe systems architecture and design Good knowledge on Mainframe communication protocols, IMS Connect, zOS Connect, etc. Understanding of IMS, CICS and DB2 subsystems and good knowledge of data, analytics, AI We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1029:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1030:

ScrapedJobID1031:
Platform: to protect the clients most critical data by isolating it from their operational backup environment Platform: to isolate the network with limited replication windows Data: to understand which critical data to replicate to the vault Data: to enable scanning tools to identify anomalies and potential threats Data: to establish ability to identify a clean copy of the data and use it for recovery after an attack 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Experience with IBM Resiliency Orchestration and tools Experience with Cyber data / DR solution with Actifio 8.x+ Experience with RedHat Ansible, Ansible Tower RHEL technologies Experience with Virtualization technologies (Openstack, VMWare, Citrix) Experience with Wintel technologies Experience with Cisco catalyst switch, Juniper vSRX series Experience with Python 3.6.8+ Experience with RO anomaly detection Experience with Tripwire Manager 8.7.2 Experience with Dell Cyber Recovery Solutions and Concepts Experience with AirGap data solutions Experience with Security patch management concepts and tools Experience with service management ITSM integration with cyber-resiliency/cyber-vault Experience with IT risk management Experience with Identity and Access management concepts Experience with network NST for health checking. Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information. Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform design Applied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution. 
ScrapedJobID1032:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID1033:
The Senior Full Stack Engineer will be part of a cross-functional team, building cloud native applications for the financial services industry The role will require the SFS Engineer to develop code, create CI/CD pipelines, and configure/deploy applications on the cloud This role will use Python Spark (PySpark) in a big data environment to bring in external data from various data links (hedge fund data, financials information, etc) and then present the data to the client via a dashboard where clients can get a single point of financial data (status of their portfolio, etc) The position is highly focused on converting data and data engineering vs application programming, but it is not just a back end solution, there is a front end development to build a UI on top of the data links 5+ years Software Engineering experience 2+ years Python (PySpark) 2+ years with AWS Experience with relational DB (ideally MySQL) Experience with NoSql databases (ideally DynamoDB) Experience working with Agile teams Exposure to creating and deploying to CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of financial industry Experience working with Agile 
ScrapedJobID1034:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of experience in an engineering senior leadership role with a focus on cloud technology, distributed systems, infrastructure, and applications at large scale and under high load. Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting, Operations or Finance. Experience managing and building engineering and customer-facing teams. Experience working with C-level stakeholders both internal and customer advising on cloud strategy, leading complex transformation/modernization projects. Experience in managing internal infrastructure, developer tools or distributed computing infrastructure. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Grow and scale a strong engineering organization that will be capable of supporting the growth of the technology portfolio and enterprise customer base. Partner closely with global companies as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Define and lead strategy and roadmap, balancing short- and long-term priorities against the business needs. Advocate and influence the development of new technology on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads, Product Management, and UX. Tell the Deloitte innovation story and help translate it into actionable steps global companies can take towards adoption. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1035:
Analyze and extract relevant information from large amounts of streaming data to create an event driven data pipeline. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, validation and implementation, specifically productizing ML applications Propose and validate solutions for real time streaming solutions Work closely with scientists and engineers to create and deploy new features Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Production experience with various real time streaming technologies (Flink, Spark, Samza) 3+ years of Production Experience with Java/Scala and Python 3+ years of Expertise in developing big data pipelines using technologies like Kafka or Kinesis 3+ years of Experience with large scale data warehousing, mining or analytic systems. 3+ years of Experience with various AWS services (EC2, S3, Lambda, Kinesis, EMR, Redshift) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Strong knowledge of SQL and NoSQL data stores Experience with YARN, Kubernetes Experience with orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow Background in Machine Learning and productizing Data Intelligence pipelines Strong communication skills and commitment to teamwork Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Proven leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices 
ScrapedJobID1036:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1037:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1038:
Own what you build as you architect, test, and refine the PaymentEvolution platform Using our development workflow, you’ll tackle a wide variety of technical challenges throughout the stack and contribute daily to our codebase Work closely with product support and design to translate customer feedback into product enhancements Working as part of a talented team of software engineers in an Agile environment to utilize cutting edge technologies including ASP.NET Core, Kendo controls, Entity Framework, API Layer, oData, and REST to design and transformation our mission-critical applications crucial to several rapidly growing lines of business. Recommend, design and create technical improvements in existing capabilities to maximize productivity and optimize security and efficiency. Responsible for the organization and tracking of work within the context of your team. Ensuring solutions are optimized for support, usability, and flexibility. Participating in support and triage activities, including rotational out-of-hours on-call duties. Excited about working across the full-stack and have experience doing so. Passionate about building amazing user experiences (and have live examples to show) Interested in technologies like .NET and can envision scenarios using large data sets, algorithms and machine learning Ambitious, enthusiastic, tenacious, and full of positivity Experience turning wireframes into elegant code that inspires our customers Passionate about creating well-structured, easily maintainable and well documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism. You are a skilled full-stack developer, who has demonstrable experience designing, building, and supporting ASP.NET enterprise applications and APIs to support critical lines of business. You have a strong Lean/Agile mindset and experience working on Agile teams. You can effectively set expectations around the delivery of your work within a team. You have a passion for learning, designing, and implementing new technology and a keen eye for optimization of business process. You are a highly engaged and collaborative team member with exceptional communication skills You are an innovator, skilled at using cutting-edge technologies to solve complex business problems. Help define the system architecture, own and implement specific components, and help shape the overall experience. Collaborate closely with product managers, UX designers and other development team members to help define the scope of the product. You will take responsibility for technical problem solving, creatively meeting product goals, and developing best practices. You will demonstrate cross-functional resource interaction to accomplish your goals. You will design and develop MVC based web applications. Write high-quality, efficient, testable code in C#, JS and other object-oriented languages. Build highly available, secure, scalable applications for various markets Mentor other developers – contributing your time and expertise to help grow them collaboratively Own and operate the systems that you build based on real-time customer data and demanding service-level agreements. Contribute to planning, design, implementation, testing, operations, and process improvement as a member of a Scrum team. University/college degree 4-6 years of real experience (be prepared to showcase your work or samples) Ability to work in a rapidly expanding and changing environment Strong object oriented and software architecture fundamentals. Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Remain engaged, proactive and positive in tough circumstances, owning assignments and taking full accountability for overall team success. Possess strong communication skills and a preference for delivering as part of a team. Able to commute within Quito AND work remote with a business level acceptable work environment, internet access, pre-existing computer system, and privacy. .NET Framework 4.x/.NET Core - Strong implementation skills with ASP.NET including experience with building custom controls and developing with the ASP.NET MVC framework. C# – Expert-level implementation skills with C# Strong experience with Entity Framework (code-first) and Microsoft LINQ Highly conversant on front-end development with modern JS framework/library such as React, Angular, Vue.js developing responsive web applications. Presentation tier experience with Bootstrap, JQuery, Knockout or equivalent, and of course CSS 3.0, HTML 5.0 and jQuery Interoperability experience (REST/OAUTH2/OPENID/AUTH) - Creating and Consuming web services with (Ajax, JSON, XML, Web API) Experience with MVC pattern, AWS, Azure and cloud hosted applications and services will be a definite asset Fluent in GIT source code control and branching strategies Database – Must be highly proficient in SQL preferably across multiple databases. MS SQL Server including stored procedures, functions and schema design. DevOps fundamentals, CI/CD tooling (Azure DevOps) Experience in scaling and performance (C#, SQL, caching technologies such as Redis) Building Node.js/Typescript applications SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft Dynamics Kendo/Telerik controls MongoDB / NodeJS Experience in software architecture Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program 10 hour shift 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) proficient English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1039:
Code, test, and document new or modified data systems to create robust and scalable applications for data analytics Work with stakeholders including Analytics, Product, and Design teams to assist with data related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Engineer solutions for large data storage, management, and curation of training data models. Build and maintain data pipelines that transform and transfer data in a multi-cloud environment using a variety of tools. Explore available technologies and design solutions to continuously improve our data quality, workflow reliability, scalability while reporting performance and capabilities. Act as an internal expert in each of the data sources so that you can own overall data quality. Design, build and deploy new data models, ETL pipelines into production and data warehouse. Define and manage overall schedule and availability of all data sets. Process, cleanse, verify and work with data from multiple sources Work with the data science team to access and understand internal and external data sources Develop algorithms and build models to solve business problems. Collaborate with solution engineers to integrate pipelines into our proprietary applications Bring your great ideas for new products and features to the team Masters or BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 3+ Years experience in a Data Engineering role with Data gathering, Data pipelining, Data Standardization, Data Cleansing, Stitching aspects Experience with some cloud technology is required: AWS, Azure, or GCP Proficiency in a major programming language (e.g. Java/C) and/or a scripting language (scala/php/python) Experience with some or all of the following tools - Apache Kafka, Apache Airflow, Google BigQuery, Elasticsearch, Docker and Kubernetes Highly analytical and detail oriented with a dedication to analyzing data to identify deliverables, anomalies, and gaps and propose solutions to address these findings Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets Solid understanding and working knowledge of relational or non-relational databases Excellent communication (both written and verbal), organizational, and trouble-shooting skills. A preference for candidates located in Calgary, Winnipeg, GTA, Hamilton but open to Canada wide applications 
ScrapedJobID1040:
Perform the technical design, implementation, testing, and production support of applications and platform software for the FOLIO open source platform (www.folio.org). Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing, and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met. Conduct new technology research, proof of concept, and design work that will provide direction for the enhancement of the overall system and products. Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, maintainability, and culture. Demonstrate ownership of developed components from development through production. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Masters preferred. 5+ years of experience in Java 3+ years of experience in designing relational database schema and writing complex SQL queries; experience with PostgreSQL specifically is a plus 2+ years of experience with AWS Cloud services Linux – general knowledge, shell scripting – RedHat/Amazon Linux specifically is a plus 3+ yrs experience using Agile and/or SAFe 2+ years of experience in implementation of production RESTful interfaces in a microservices model Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills An advocate for unit testing, automation, and test-driven development. Virtualization – Docker, Vagrant, etc. CI/CD – Jenkins, Maven, etc. SCM - Git/GitHub OpenAPI, JSON, XML Security related experience –SSO, OAUTH, SAML, LDAP, etc. Scripting languages - bash, groovy, python Container management - AWS ECS, Kubernetes, etc. Logging/Monitoring/Alerting/Analytics – Cloudwatch Insights, SumoLogic, micrometer, graphana, SNMP, JMX, etc. Other - Kafka, ElasticSearch 
ScrapedJobID1041:

ScrapedJobID1042:
Shares best practices, lessons learned and constantly updates the technical system Collaborates with all relevant parties (Software Engineers, Development Managers & Recommends the most suitable technical architecture and defines the solution at a high Recommends and participates in the development of architecture blueprints for related Identifies and recommends areas appropriate for further study and participates in any Develop Architecture Artifacts such as (Architecture Blueprint, Architecture Roadmap, Identifies implementation risks and analyses potential impact on the enterprise and on Ability to communicate architectural decisions to a varied audience including business Ability to recognize and balance functional and non-functional requirements to ensure Recommends and participates in the design and implementation of standards, tools and Participates in the design and implementation of IT service management standards, Conducts and/or actively participates in meetings related to the designated project/s, Advises and recommends enterprise architecture strategies, processes, and Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent or 10+ years Solid understanding and experience with cloud platforms (Azure or GCP or AWS Evaluate performance, security, reliability, operations, technology, and interoperability Hands on experience architecting systems from start to finish with ability to provide Strong knowledge of event driven Serverless architecture Experience with streaming/caching technologies such as Kafka/Redis etc. Experience using Spring Boot and microservice patterns Experience of SQL or NoSQL databases. Knowledge of PL/SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Java Script, JQuery, design Knowledge of identity management and authentication/authorization protocols such as 
ScrapedJobID1043:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1044:

ScrapedJobID1045:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1046:
Design and develop robust new AEM components or modify existing ones, including their configuration, Java code, client libraries, and templates that meet business, technical and quality requirements. Provide technical guidance to AEM developers around best practices in AEM development - both back-end and front-end execution Configure Apache/Dispatcher front-end web servers as needed for existing and new websites for web applications, integrations, and services Review and approve/decline pull requests for merging code into the main branches of Bitbucket repository. Work closely with onsite and offshore developers, as well as Product Owner and stakeholders. Assist technical support staff, project managers, and users as needed to support business applications by diagnosing complex production issues requiring extensive analysis and troubleshooting. Provide technical guidance to projects ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; research and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope 5+ years experience developing applications with AEM 5+ years hands on experience in creating OSGI bundles, AEM Templates/Components and Workflows. Understanding the broader Adobe Marketing Cloud product stack, web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3, client-side scripting, and JavaScript frameworks Experience with Adobe’s latest maven archetype for building AEM projects - NPM, specifically webpack (https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) to allow for the use of Sass for compiled css files (https://sass-lang.com/) a definite bonus to have. Strong experience in using the following aspects of AEM: Sling, Dialog Configuration, Authoring Environment, CRX DE, Package Manager, User Administration Area, Assets Area, OSGi consoles 7+ years of Web application development experience including REST, Java, J2EE, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 and ReactJS Experience integrating AEM with other Adobe Marketing Cloud products, such as Analytics, Target, Campaign 7+ years experience with Unix/Linux, web and web hosting technologies 5+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) and also Adobe Cloud Manager Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Adaptable to working on teams delivering in a Waterfall or agile style Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do Self-directed and proactive Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment The candidate selected for this role is required to have special clearance from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. To see if you are eligible for this clearance, please review the section 201 on the Federal Government site (http://iss-ssi.pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca/msi-ism/ch2-prt1-eng.html) Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security 
ScrapedJobID1047:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1048:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID1049:
The Senior Full Stack Engineer will be part of a cross-functional team, building cloud native applications for the financial services industry The role will require the SFS Engineer to develop code, create CI/CD pipelines, and configure/deploy applications on the cloud This role will use Python Spark (PySpark) in a big data environment to bring in external data from various data links (hedge fund data, financials information, etc) and then present the data to the client via a dashboard where clients can get a single point of financial data (status of their portfolio, etc) The position is highly focused on converting data and data engineering vs application programming, but it is not just a back end solution, there is a front end development to build a UI on top of the data links 5+ years Software Engineering experience 2+ years Python (PySpark) 2+ years with AWS Experience with relational DB (ideally MySQL) Experience with NoSql databases (ideally DynamoDB) Experience working with Agile teams Exposure to creating and deploying to CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of financial industry Experience working with Agile 
ScrapedJobID1050:
Analyze and extract relevant information from large amounts of streaming data to create an event driven data pipeline. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, validation and implementation, specifically productizing ML applications Propose and validate solutions for real time streaming solutions Work closely with scientists and engineers to create and deploy new features Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Production experience with various real time streaming technologies (Flink, Spark, Samza) 3+ years of Production Experience with Java/Scala and Python 3+ years of Expertise in developing big data pipelines using technologies like Kafka or Kinesis 3+ years of Experience with large scale data warehousing, mining or analytic systems. 3+ years of Experience with various AWS services (EC2, S3, Lambda, Kinesis, EMR, Redshift) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Strong knowledge of SQL and NoSQL data stores Experience with YARN, Kubernetes Experience with orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow Background in Machine Learning and productizing Data Intelligence pipelines Strong communication skills and commitment to teamwork Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Proven leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices 
ScrapedJobID1051:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1052:
Collaborate with product managers and developers to develop test strategy, test plan, and test cases Develop and execute functional and non-functional test cases for all phases of testing: system, integration and user acceptance testing, and report defects and document them clearly for engineers Develop a test automation framework and coordinate with cross-functional teams to resolve roadblocks for automation Develop and maintain test environments, test scripts and test data to automate testing and improve the quality and project timelines Ability to triage and reproduce production issues in collaboration with business teams and engineers 5+ years of quality assurance background with experience developing test strategy, test plans, testing methodologies, defect reporting 3+ years of experience with automation tools such as selenium webdriver, Postman, etc. Experience at an eCommerce company and an agile environment is strongly preferred Experience in Source control environment and cloud environment an asset Basic SQL knowledge is a plus BS/BA degree or Diploma Strong SDLC experience with knowledge of quality assurance processes, tools and metrics Prior on-hands experience with test automation tools for web, mobile, and API testing Experience with project and defect tracking tools such as Jira, etc. Proven ability to manage multiple projects and evolving priorities at a fast pace Strong communication skills and ability to work cross functionally and collaboratively with other departments and teams Curious Approachable Passionate Solutions finder Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more... Office environment 
ScrapedJobID1053:
Build scalable, reliable, secure systems using open-source technologies that align with Architech's Technology Strategy. Combine Java, Spring Boot, Node.js, AngularJS, React.js as required and appropriate for each project. Leverage data, caching and search solutions such as MongoDB, MySQL, Kafka, Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch, Solr to build performant, data-rich solutions. Secure access to solutions leveraging standards such as OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. Play a pivotal role in the mentorship, guidance, and performance of the Engineers who report directly to you. Angular (6+ years) Led a Team (6mon) Experience working with Node.js. Extensive experience working with GraphQL. Experience working with ReactJS. Strong hands-on experience working with Typescript, JavaScript and CSS is a must have. Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies like Azure and AWS 
ScrapedJobID1054:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1055:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Proactively monitor data flow across systems for data accuracy and consistency. Execute requested PO changes (POCs) and ensure they flow quickly and accurately from Vendors Creation and execution of our finished goods POs Automate as much as possible Own timely troubleshooting and investigating data and system issues during buy process Work with data owners to maximize data integrity on all POs through analysis, reporting, validations and system flow ownership Work closely with other members of the Order Management Team to balance workload Provide support to cross functional partners in validating PO report data Escalate technical issues to our technical team for order processing issues, owning outcome Maintain relationships and effectively communicate with cross functional partners to maintain process Develop a firm knowledge of data relationships and dependencies across various systems, including Excel Design, develop, document and implement the components required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data engineering needs Create data tools for analytics and performance measurement as required Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management 5+ years of development experience, experience in the retail industry would be ideal Solid scripting capability for analysis and reporting (SQL, SQL Tuning, Python) Translate business propositions into quantitative queries and collect/clean necessary data. Solid scripting capability for analysis and reporting (SQL, SQL Tuning, Python) Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Excel skills; comfortable using formulas such as vlookup, sumif, dsum, iferror, match, choose, search, nested if’s, and building pivot tables, macro’s, and linked spreadsheets and expertise with other MS Office tools is an asset Strong documentation skills – creating templates and training material for cross-functional teams as well as internal team members Demonstrable self-reliance and flexibility in the workplace Must be self-confident, outgoing and able to work effectively with management and staff Entrepreneurial spirit and an egoless nature Self-motivated, passionate, empathetic, and approachable Service oriented and will apply themselves to creating a collaborative team dynamic Experience with big data workflows Basic experience in cloud-based data platforms, namely AWS Participate in all aspects of the SDLC Desired: Experience in the following: Retail Industry, Supply Chain Systems, Apparel Production Familiarity with DevOps practices like CI/CD pipelines and tools: Github, Jenkins, Terraform Comfortable in a high growth, fast paced, ever changing environment Excellent communications skills: verbal and written Ability to meet agreed performance and quality targets Enjoys working with team members on solving day to day issues Strong documentation skills – communicating data structures to non-technical stakeholders Self-confident, outgoing and able to work effectively with management and staff Entrepreneurial spirit – willing to try new things Experience working with PowerBI Experience with FlexPLM Experience with TradeStone Experience using Jira and Confluence 
ScrapedJobID1056:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1057:
You have 5+ years of software development experience. You have 3+ years experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/Vue or similar. You have 2+ years of professional experience as a web developer using .NET and/or .NET Core with C# You have a track record for building high-quality, maintainable, tested, and scalable software. You are proficient in working with RESTful APIs and data handling. You have expert-level ability using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. You have worked with cloud-based services (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand. You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design. You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing. Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems. You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems. You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach). You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. 
ScrapedJobID1058:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1059:
Newly created position on a growing team will be part of migration of older technology to modern platforms 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + Years experience working with Unix and able to rewrite Shell scripts in Unix/Linux. Solid skills in writing SQLS for relational Databases (DB2,MS SQL Server, Oracle DB, Postgres, MySQL) experience working on Database migration projects ( DB2 to Postgres or Oracle to Postgres) 
ScrapedJobID1060:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 12-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Supports Business Analyst on functional requirements with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Engages with solution architects and engineers to design and configure solutions. Leads design discussions with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Has strong sense of ownership with the ability to drive clarity in complex and ambiguous scenarios. Proficient with systems-thinking and able to articulate them to various groups across the organization. Owns making configuration within the selected platforms Provides technical oversight and guides teams to resolve complex and severe technical issues. Supports one or more moderately to highly complex business processes Champions best practices around data standards, policies, and procedures Serves as a team member, sometimes as a technical lead, sometimes as a business analyst Leads end-to-end testing as a SME and supports business stakeholders during UAT. Uses structured tools for analysis and presentation of concepts and models to support the business needs (requirements) Uses appropriate visualizations for a given metric or nature of data Captures business needs (functional requirements) and translates them into technical requirements (configurations) Connects the system outputs and data to SLA Responsible for the Technical Acceptance Criteria during the inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of the solution Configures modules and platform workflows in their designated system (i.e. CBX) Defines, plans and executes scenario-based test plans (UAT execution) Develops, maintains, and communicates support documentations to the end-users (i.e UAT, Release Notes) Works collaboratively with other team members to ensure system modifications meet business needs Proven experience with large-scale systems/application implementation. 7+ years as Systems or Business Analyst; 10+ years in IT; Experience with SaaS implementation Excellent spoken and written communication skills (verbal and non-verbal) Excellent system mapping tools like Visio, Draw.io Solid Experience in managing data warehouses and ETL pipelines (Min. 3 years) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (advanced data modeling skills required) Good understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bring solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. 3+ years of experience with at least one framework (ie. Spring Boot, JSP) 3+ years of experience developing test cases in jUnit Experience working with SOAP & REST WebServices Knowledge of SQL scripts for analysis and reporting (SQL) Strong understanding of Java applications deployed in a distributed environment Should have a background of having worked with reporting technologies – PowerBI preferred. Ability to create detailed, high quality, design deliverables Working experience with cloud-native technologies Should have experience working with multiple teams Must have experience working in agile methodology and scrum teams. Education: Min. Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering, Information Systems, or related fields Must have: Working experience in dealing with big data and large-scale enterprise systems Desired: Retail experience is a plus. Desired: Working experience with cloud platforms namely AWS 
ScrapedJobID1061:
Lead application architecture design, development, and deployment on Microsoft Azure using cloud native technologies. Work with enterprise customers, sharing Azure and cloud native best practices for migrating, modernizing, or building new and existing applications. Author and contribute to Azure customer-facing publications such as whitepapers. Build deep relationships with business and senior technical leaders as an Azure cloud advocate and subject matter expert. Mentor and develop a team of future architects and software developers across the Microsoft Cloud team. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering or equivalent. Master’s degree preferred. Been certified as an Azure Solutions Architect Expert and/or DevOps Engineer Expert. 10+ years of experience, including a minimum of 5 years of full-life cycle architecture and software implementation across enterprise customers. 5+ years of hands on experience with .NET technologies, containerization, and architecting solutions using Web and API-based technologies with emphasis on micro services (Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Service Fabric) and serverless capabilities (Functions, Event Hub, Service Bus etc…). 3+ years of project experience in architecture, development, and migration of applications to cloud based solutions on Azure. Demonstrated skills in leadership, communication, coaching, analysis, problem solving and short term and long term planning. Knowledge of standard pre-sales activities, specifically solution envisioning and RFP management from leading consulting or professional services organizations. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1062:
Design and develop applications, system-to-system interfaces, and complete software solutions. Solid experience with modern UI design and development methodologies. Diverse capabilities for SDK development. Participate in design and code reviews. Contribute to enhancing the development process. Minimum of 4 years experience in the development of front-end or client-side within a professional software development organization. SDK development experience in one or more technologies – PHP / Java /.Net / JavaScript / Ruby / Python / Node.js. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Good in software design concepts, design patterns, algorithms, and data structures. Overall IT experience of 5-8 years. Java experience would also be beneficial. Experience with building and managing software packages or server images. Experience on public cloud platforms like Microsoft Clienture or AmClienton AWS and their tools. Exposure to AWS preferred. Engineers with versatile capabilities across software skills preferred. Experience in managing Linux-based infrastructure. Experience with RESTful web services, XML and JSON. Experience in designing, and implementing scalable and resilient RESTful API services. Experience in writing documentation and creating design diagrams. Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring. Solid practitioner of the Agile/Scrum development process, with test-driven development, DevOps, and continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD). Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. No 
ScrapedJobID1063:
Diriger des projets d'infrastructure, de produits, de clients et de sécurité, depuis les exigences initiales jusqu'au déploiement en production. Gérer des projets complexes comprenant la configuration du matériel et de l'infrastructure, la mise en réseau (VPN, pare-feu, etc.), la configuration de la téléphonie et des circuits, l'intégration de la plate-forme, les mesures correctives de sécurité, la certification des applications des clients et les déploiements. Exécuter des projets détaillés et gérer des équipes composées d'architectes de solutions, d'ingénieurs réseau, d'administrateurs système, d'administrateurs de bases de données, d'ingénieurs de certification, de gestionnaires de production, de gestionnaires de produits et de responsables de la sécurité. Animer efficacement les réunions de projet avec l'ingénierie des produits (R&D) ainsi que les réunions avec les clients ; résoudre et/ou faire remonter les problèmes en temps utile. Exécuter la portée du projet dans le respect du budget ; appliquer la gestion et le contrôle des changements pour suivre toute modification de la base de référence initiale de la portée. Comptabilité de projet par la gestion des heures de travail et des prévisions de main-d'œuvre. Fournir une supervision au niveau du projet et assurer la responsabilité et la communication pour les projets assignés. Promouvoir l'utilisation des meilleures pratiques de gestion de projet, notamment la gestion des risques, du budget, de la communication, des ressources, du calendrier et des attentes des parties prenantes. Plus de 3 ans d'expérience en gestion de projet dans une organisation de développement de produits technologiques, de services professionnels ou d'hébergement de logiciels au service de clients Fortune 500. Compétences avérées en matière de livraison et de déploiement de produits, de projets d'orientation client et surtout d'infrastructure, y compris les mises à niveau et la mise en œuvre de matériel et de logiciels. Évaluer et faire des recommandations/décisions sur les options techniques, le cas échéant. Expérience dans certains des secteurs technologiques suivants : projets d'infrastructure et de sécurité, reconnaissance vocale, CRM/ERP, IVR/CTI, hébergement de logiciels, organisation SaaS, télécommunications ou autres services vocaux de qualité opérateur. Bonne compréhension du cycle de vie du développement logiciel. Expérience de la création d'estimations de l'effort de travail et de l'allocation de ressources entre projets. Expérience de la coordination et de la prise en charge des processus opérationnels informatiques. Expérience de la planification et de la budgétisation de projets. Excellentes aptitudes à la communication écrite et verbale. Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision directe et plusieurs projets en parallèle. Autonomie et dynamisme pour répondre aux besoins d'un environnement commercial et informatique exigeant. Les compétences comprennent un sens aigu des affaires et une réflexion stratégique pour compléter de solides compétences d'exécution tactique. Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1064:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1065:
Engage in technical discussion of new solutions and architectures. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Ensure that technical decisions support our goals of quality, performance, scalability, reliability, availability, and security. Work with our operations team to improve the architecture while building and scaling services. Build new features with a focus on testability and extensibility. Opportunity to revamp our data architecture and make it more nimble, efficient, and powerful Drive new insights based on continuous improvements to our data infrastructure and be the liaison between Engineering, Data, and the End Users You’re a professional with 5 + years of experience building amazing things that speak for themselves. Experience working with Python and Django. Async Python experience. An understanding of SQL and relational database design. Optional, but preferred understanding of asynchronous programming, Postgres, JSON Web APIs, AWS, Jenkins, Django Rest Framework, Linux. Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken. Excellent interpersonal skills (collaborate, facilitate, and negotiate). Understanding of cloud platforms and experience deploying on AWS. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1066:
Code, test, and document new or modified data systems to create robust and scalable applications for data analytics Work with stakeholders including Analytics, Product, and Design teams to assist with data related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Engineer solutions for large data storage, management, and curation of training data models. Build and maintain data pipelines that transform and transfer data in a multi-cloud environment using a variety of tools. Explore available technologies and design solutions to continuously improve our data quality, workflow reliability, scalability while reporting performance and capabilities. Act as an internal expert in each of the data sources so that you can own overall data quality. Design, build and deploy new data models, ETL pipelines into production and data warehouse. Define and manage overall schedule and availability of all data sets. Process, cleanse, verify and work with data from multiple sources Work with the data science team to access and understand internal and external data sources Develop algorithms and build models to solve business problems. Collaborate with solution engineers to integrate pipelines into our proprietary applications Bring your great ideas for new products and features to the team Masters or BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 3+ Years experience in a Data Engineering role with Data gathering, Data pipelining, Data Standardization, Data Cleansing, Stitching aspects Experience with some cloud technology is required: AWS, Azure, or GCP Proficiency in a major programming language (e.g. Java/C) and/or a scripting language (scala/php/python) Experience with some or all of the following tools - Apache Kafka, Apache Airflow, Google BigQuery, Elasticsearch, Docker and Kubernetes Highly analytical and detail oriented with a dedication to analyzing data to identify deliverables, anomalies, and gaps and propose solutions to address these findings Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets Solid understanding and working knowledge of relational or non-relational databases Excellent communication (both written and verbal), organizational, and trouble-shooting skills. A preference for candidates located in Calgary, Winnipeg, GTA, Hamilton but open to Canada wide applications 
ScrapedJobID1067:
Champion a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Lead a team of 20 + Managers, Engineers, and be the Technology specialist for teams situated across multiple sites. Develop and grow talent through effective mentoring and succession planning for key talent. Help your team prioritize, negotiate, and remove obstacles to ensure quality product launches Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite, risk culture, regulatory and compliance needs should be considered in everyday decision making. Practice and encourage metrics informed decision making & hypothesis driven product development, in the team and also in the organization. Actively collaborate with other Engineering, enterprise architecture, and cyber security teams, providing them with engineering & architectural context, and engaging them to build the right products on time. Foster relation with key stakeholders, communicate frequently, and keep them informed Continuously perform customer need analysis and understand business pain points. Identify the biggest problems to solve to build & own the roadmap. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 10+ years of experience building Backend and/or front-ends systems, and shipping cloud-native financial services for capital markets. 5+ years building Java based services, and React or Angular or Vue based frontends 5+ years of experience managing technology products and end-to-end digital journeys 5+ years of experience building Micro-services and API based digital solutions 3+ years of experience building Messaging/Event based architecture (Kafka), and scaling services horizontally on private and public clouds Ability to prioritize work while multi-tasking on several high-profile projects with a keen eye on details. Deep understanding of Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, cloud-based deployment knowledge Nice to have:
Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus
Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery
Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting 
ScrapedJobID1068:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1069:
Description Objectives Deliverables Assess and document the client's current infrastructure and platforms as it relates to cloud solutions and application rationalization Refresh and maintain the client's cloud adoption strategy Develop and maintain clear documentation and standards for cloud solutions and cloud operation Create and deliver related presentations to business and technical audience including senior management and technology steering committees Design cloud solution architecture and provide guidance to various project teams for successful cloud migration and operation Collaborate across functional teams of developers, engineers, designers, and product stakeholders to deliver innovative technology solutions using the client's preferred cloud services Oversee all aspects of cloud initiatives, take ownership of solution design and architecture document, and contribute to requirements document and implementation plan Create and deliver solution level presentations and EARs in the Technical Review Meeting (TRM) Lead any Request for X (RFP, RFS, RFO, RFI) processes, including but not limited to: creating IT portion of call documents, work with Purchasing department, lead IT portion of the evaluation, document recommendations, etc. Perform and collaborate on research for solutions Contribute to technical discussions and architecture planning Attend daily stand-ups and regular scrum meetings Report to the Manager of IT Risk Management / EAO Other duties as assigned Transfer of Knowledge Education, Training, Certifications or Designations Required Mandatory University Degree in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent combination of education, experience and/or training Current certification in TOGAF or equivalent architectural framework Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert Other Cloud related technology certification Minimum 10 years related work experience within the field of IT infrastructure, Architecture, with 4 years dedicated to Cloud Extensive experience with modern technology architecture spanning cloud, and hybrid deployments Extensive experience with developing strategic plans Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis combined with proven experience in infrastructure design and development Significant experience designing, building, tuning and supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Significant experience designing, building, tuning & supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Demonstrated experience working in an agile environment, ability to adapt on-the-fly to the changing needs of the Service Effective problem-solving skills, self-motivation, and demonstration of pro-active work in the design and management of reliable and robust production systems Demonstrated ability to design and implement a DevOps practice, including: design, development, testing and implementation Experience with working in a team environment Experience with working in s 7x24 environment Strong verbal, reading comprehension and written communication skills Self-motivated in learning new technologies Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Solid grounding in core enterprise architecture, including Zachman's Enterprise Architecture framework and TOGAF. In-depth technical knowledge of cloud technology and future direction Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards Expert knowledge of script languages Hands-on experience with network, servers, storage development tools Strong knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Expert in integration of cloud based services with on premise technology Proven project planning and management experience. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws with exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. A solid understanding of the organization's goals and objectives. Background Translate business requirements to architecture vision to meet the business requirements, conduct formal stakeholder reviews, set scope, constraints and expectations and define the statement of architectural work. Create business architecture actors and building blocks in business domain by documenting current state business processes, identifying processes that can be consolidated or simplified, envisioning future state business processes and maintaining business architecture standards, policies, processes and strategies. Validate decisions in each EA domain against the requirements of the business during the life of the project. Create architecture artifacts and building blocks such as impact assessment and capacity planning documents, create current state architecture, envision future state architecture, and maintain architecture standards, policies, processes, and roadmaps. Align solution design and integration with the client's enterprise architecture direction and strategy by enforcing Enterprise Architecture Review (EAR) processes in projects and activities, guiding architecture design, governing implementation, integration and change control and leading in the drafting of service level agreement (SLA) and operational level agreement (OLA). Research and development on new product, technology and architectural framework with respect to industry standards and best practises. Leadership with respect to strategic security planning and prioritizing of defence initiatives required to meet business goals and objectives. Establishment and enforcement of the security program, policies and standards to achieve a level of risk below the risk tolerance level of the organization and compliance to governing authorities. Working Conditions become civilian members of the client (TPS) be required to become members of the client's Organization (union) receive all the benefits for permanent civilian members be required to follow the policies and procedures of the client be available after-hours when required as per Director's policy be required to architect Cloud based solutions and a multi-cloud strategy for (Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service and Software as a Service) 
ScrapedJobID1070:

ScrapedJobID1071:
B.S. degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Information Technology, or similar field 6+ years of RF circuit and systems design/architecture experience from requirement analysis to circuit simulation to board layout to testing. Exposure to private and/or public cloud in a RF/wireless/telecommunications domain is a strong asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1072:

ScrapedJobID1073:

ScrapedJobID1074:
Authentication and Authorization systems utilizing both Linux based LDAP systems and Microsoft Windows based Active Directory (AD) systems Produce and review professional high-quality documentation Improve software design, development and execution capabilities using business unit domain knowledge Contributes to manpower / resource planning and scheduling Perform software-utilizing activities both SQL and NoSQL based databases to store and retrieve data Conduct testing and evaluating new programs Provide mentoring and technical guidance / coaching to others Writing and implementing efficient code Deploying software tools, processes and metrics Support software that interfaces with this client's technologies Systems as well as vendor supplied products\ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, a technical diploma or related discipline required Experience working in a technical leadership role Minimum 7+ years’ direct work experience in the development and maintenance of complex and integrated systems in a large enterprise environment Must know programming languages such as SQL, Javascript, HTML, and CSS and SCSS Strong knowledge of .NET, C# Vue framework experience is preferred Strong understanding of In-depth use of networking capabilities within software systems Knowledge of software testing procedures and frameworks Understanding technical architectures and configuration, including cloud and micro-service based systems The support and maintenance of enterprise scale software Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Strong web architecture knowledge Must have the ability to communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members Willingness to work flexible hours when project requires it Assignment Length: Permanent Start Date: ASAP Location: Must be open to transitioning into hybrid work model from the Burnaby office. 
ScrapedJobID1075:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1076:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 4+ years of DevOps experience in a software product company setting, ideally within a SaaS-based or cloud-based environment Technical background in software development background with strong exposure to IT infrastructure Considerable deployment automation, CI/CD pipeline, and big data/NoSQL experience as well as strong scripting ability (Python, Ruby, Bash, Javascript, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1077:
Build a scalable and efficient data infrastructure and own the data sets within it. Collaborate with Software Development and IT Support to research, design, and implement Data solutions for the firm Responsible for acquisition, organization, validity, integrity and accessibility of all Data products Responsible for data architecture and data infrastructure strategy of the firm Research and implement new technologies to help increase scale Establish and document data management best practices Bachelors or Masters degree in a relevant technical field. Several years of experience working with data engineering and databases Strong programing experience and technical skills (Python, SQL and Excel). Experience developing, managing, and optimizing big data architectures and pipelines Experience working with query authoring, relational databases, and a familiarity with a variety of databases (SQL, No SQL and Distributed) Experience working with cloud-based data solutions (e.g., Redshift, EC2, Azure and Snowflake) System monitoring, alerting, and dashboarding experience Experience with tools such as Hadoop, Kafka, and Spark Machine learning and statistics skillset is an asset Knowledge of financial market data is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1078:
You have 5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience but still have a curiosity and malleability to learn new things (we are not tied to just one tech stack at Benevity) You are not new to cloud-based architecture Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design You are happy to get fast feedback and are on board with trunk-based development, behaviour-driven development, and understanding how users use what you have built You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach) You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience Strong skills in Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM); Identity management / federated identity management; GDPR / Data Residency / Personal Identifiable Information (PII); Single Sign-On (SSO) / OpenID Connect (OIDC); Access Management (Authentication / Authorization) and OAuth / SCIM; User Pools / Identity Pools; Okta / Amazon Cognito / Auth0 Hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas: web (JavaScript, HTML, frontend frameworks) development, mobile (iOS, Android) development, backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby) development Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities Experience with Laravel or Springboot Experience with continuous integration / continuous deployment in the context of data platforms and business intelligence Experience working in an agile environment AWS-specific experience would be highly desirable 
ScrapedJobID1079:

ScrapedJobID1080:
B.S. degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Information Technology, or similar field 6+ years of RF circuit and systems design/architecture experience from requirement analysis to circuit simulation to board layout to testing. Exposure to private and/or public cloud in a RF/wireless/telecommunications domain is a strong asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1081:

ScrapedJobID1082:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1083:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1084:
Work under the guidance of the Coast Capital Savings management team to ensure alignment with the strategic corporate directives Work with enterprise architecture, enterprise project management office, and procurement teams to engage in proof of concept technology testing cycles, develop system test plans, and provide guidance on hardware and software configurations. Work with the enterprise architecture and procurement teams to creating and maintaining technology standards and configuration standards for Coast Capital Savings. Maintain up to date knowledge on enterprise technologies used in the financial and information technology sectors Document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies, as well as review vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness. Team members are required to create and maintain all documented workflows, standard operating procedures, designs, operational training, incident management, trouble shooting, lesson learned and change management documents in accordance with client's Information Technology procedures and policies. Provide integration, automation and lifecycle management to all platforms including enterprise class: servers, storage, converged devices, hyper converged services, interfaces, firewalls, load balancers, networking interconnects, security devices, encryption devices, monitoring technologies, automation/configuration solutions, and backup and recovery technologies. Perform regular maintenance and upgrades to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure optimized performance and compliancy to security standards Work with Business Continuity Planning and Architecture teams to create designs for backup and recovery services for all cloud and platform solutions to meet business defined disaster recovery objectives, responsible to implement, provide test plans and test schedules annually to meet regulatory requirements. Team members rotate as primary and secondary on-call for critical support to CCS’s cloud and platform solutions on a 7/24/365 basis. During emergency situations team members may be recalled to work at any time to meet the defined Business Continuance Plan and Disaster Recovery plans service level agreements. Provide health, performance, and alert monitoring services to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure a high quality systems integrity. To provide subject matter expertise during the planning phase of projects, to ensure all functional and non-functional technology requirements are met, as well as assist with multi-year scalability/capacity and Disaster Recovery planning. To document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies on behalf of the project, also to review all vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness To provide subject matter expertise during the execution phase to ensure integration, automation and orchestration of new systems are completed on schedule To provide subject matter expertise during closing phase to ensure service transition documentation for hand-off to operations personnel for ongoing maintenance and support is completed. Implement and manage all cloud services and platforms to comply with CCS ITG security procedures and policies Coast Capital Savings has geographically dispersed offices, with regionally located teams. Team members will need to be are required to effectively collaborate and support all levels of the organization using technologies such as Business Skype, video conferencing, WebEx. May require travel for onsite meetings from time to time. Experience with DevOps tools including Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Kubernetes , Docker, and Git Strong knowledge and experience with Amazon ECS & EKS Strong knowledge of Amazon Web Services Architecture, System and Security Operations (Designing, building, deploying, testing) Working experience with AWS technologies, including EC2, S3, VPC, and lambda. Working experience with automated AWS deployments using CloudFormation or Terraform Working knowledge of Microsoft Infrastructure services including AD, DNS, SCCM, and PKI Ability to script with modern languages including Powershell, Bash, or Python Proficient with Bimodal (agile and waterfall) IT service delivery methodologies Strong interpersonal and communication skills to be a part of and support cross-functional teams, as well as the ability to speak to all levels of the company. Strong technical documentation, process documentation and design skills, ability to provide instruction on new workflows to cross-functional team members. Strong trouble shooting skills to be able to quickly analyze and resolve problems associated with banking service interruptions and focus on immediate return to service to maintain a high level end user experience. Exceptional time management and organizational skills with attention to detail Highly motivated and self-driven, capable of working with little instruction to resolve demanding tasks, with tight deadlines, as well as work with internal teams. Having a team player attitude with enthusiasm to engage in and support organizational activities. 
ScrapedJobID1085:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1086:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1087:
Shares best practices, lessons learned and constantly updates the technical system Collaborates with all relevant parties (Software Engineers, Development Managers & Recommends the most suitable technical architecture and defines the solution at a high Recommends and participates in the development of architecture blueprints for related Identifies and recommends areas appropriate for further study and participates in any Develop Architecture Artifacts such as (Architecture Blueprint, Architecture Roadmap, Identifies implementation risks and analyses potential impact on the enterprise and on Ability to communicate architectural decisions to a varied audience including business Ability to recognize and balance functional and non-functional requirements to ensure Recommends and participates in the design and implementation of standards, tools and Participates in the design and implementation of IT service management standards, Conducts and/or actively participates in meetings related to the designated project/s, Advises and recommends enterprise architecture strategies, processes, and Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent or 10+ years Solid understanding and experience with cloud platforms (Azure or GCP or AWS Evaluate performance, security, reliability, operations, technology, and interoperability Hands on experience architecting systems from start to finish with ability to provide Strong knowledge of event driven Serverless architecture Experience with streaming/caching technologies such as Kafka/Redis etc. Experience using Spring Boot and microservice patterns Experience of SQL or NoSQL databases. Knowledge of PL/SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Java Script, JQuery, design Knowledge of identity management and authentication/authorization protocols such as 
ScrapedJobID1088:
Newly created position on a growing team will be part of migration of older technology to modern platforms 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + Years experience working with Unix and able to rewrite Shell scripts in Unix/Linux. Solid skills in writing SQLS for relational Databases (DB2,MS SQL Server, Oracle DB, Postgres, MySQL) experience working on Database migration projects ( DB2 to Postgres or Oracle to Postgres) 
ScrapedJobID1089:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering/Information Technology or a related field of study, or equivalent level of education and experience. 7+ years of experience with data analytics, developing and maintaining data warehouses to feed advanced analytics and deploying analytical models within an organization. 7+ years of experience designing conceptual, logical and physical data models to structure complex data into a data warehouse aligning to the overall enterprise architecture. Experience with cloud-based data warehouse architecture preferably in Azure. Experience developing cloud-based solutions using Microsoft Azure Data Stack (ADFv2, Azure Data Lake Gen2, Azure Databricks, Analysis Services, Azure Functions, etc.). Experience with big data processing frameworks and techniques such as HDFS, MapReduce, Spark, Hive etc. Experience with Machine learning pipelines and data modelling, Stored Procedures, REST API creation and consumption. Experience building CI/CD pipelines. Expertise in one of the Data modeling and architecture tools such as Erwin, Power designer, SQL DBM etc. Advanced skill with Excel, Python, SQL, NoSQL, R, Power BI, GIT, PowerShell, CLI. Advanced coding skills and practices (concurrency, distributed systems, functional principles, performance optimization). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Work closely with data engineers, data analysts and solution architects to design, build and maintain batch and real-time reusable production data pipelines for large sets of data. Solution complex data engineering problems to directly support and deliver for strategic data initiatives. Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality. Ensure data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. Improve and automate, where possible, the data pipelines for workforce data analytics, and integrations between various systems. Translate data requirements into detailed designs and pipeline architecture, ensuring proper documentation of methodology. Drive thought leadership and define best practices around data extraction, data modeling, consumption, and governance. Create logical and physical data models and restructure data warehouse based on latest architectures, tools, and technology. Adapt to new technologies in Microsoft Azure Cloud. 
ScrapedJobID1090:

ScrapedJobID1091:
Bring sophisticated management skills in IT planning, organizational design, and governance and an in-depth understanding of current technology trends, methodologies, and tools. Bring substantive experience gained from within a healthcare provider environment. One should bring implementation and optimization experience. Oversee end-to-end software engineering, including web development, mobile development, back-end API’s, database Review and participate in key architecture and technical design decisions to develop and support world-class customer-facing web applications using various technologies. Assist in the definition of technology roadmaps, products and improvements aligned with appropriate product and business roadmaps Advance architecture, process, and tools through innovation, cutting edge technology and research Drive continuous improvement and automates tools, processes, and technology to allow for greater engineering throughput, quality, capabilities, skills and delivery Able to measure organizational progress and health through metrics and results Bridge communications between the business and IT teams and take full ownership of the product development lifecycle in-line with Agile principles Work with IT Operations in developing a DevOps strategy for the build and deployment of software solutions Manage a team of engineers in defining, documenting, and developing software for our company’s platform Work closely with the Chief Strategy Officer and department leadership teams to explore new technologies and promote an agile culture Provide expertise in identifying and translating system requirements into software design documentation Minimum ten years of software development & architecture leadership experience Must have 5+ years experience in healthcare 2+ years of hands-on technical leadership, including use of Agile/SCRUM practices Have knowledge with deployment of cloud-based applications and agile computing Application Lifecycle Management, SDLC, and Support, Traditional & Agile and iterative development methodologies Project Planning, Estimating, Scheduling, Tracking, Budgeting, and Reporting Risk & Issue Planning (Identification, Mitigation, Resolution) Strong Diagnostic & Analytical Capabilities Web, Mobile, App development experience Considerable knowledge of data security and privacy regulations and requirements and software development best practices for compliance Experience with cloud services specifically Azure Experience working with relational and non-relational databases Highly proficient in Java, Angular, JQuery, Flex / Actionscript and web APIs Proficient with mobile and web application design, including many of the following: Spring, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring Security, HTML 5, JSON, XML (DTD and Schemas), XSLT, JSTL, D3, JavaScript, AJAX, Jquery Mobile, and Security Experience developing applications using SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) interfaces and architectures such as REST and SOAP. Experience with and understanding of service based and Microservices architectures Experience with application architecture principles and implementation for single-page web apps across different frameworks (Angular, React, Vue.js, etc.) Expert in all things CSS (layout approaches, selectors, pseudo-classes, pseudo-elements, animations, rendering process in browsers, differences between browsers/devices, etc.) Understanding of performance and platform limitations of SPA web applications, in both desktop and mobile context, and be able to collaborate on mitigation techniques Understanding of interface guidelines and must be able to collaborate in the development of good web/responsive UX Strong understanding of interactive touch/gesture interfaces for web Understanding of Web application architectures to include fault tolerance, failover, scalability, load balancing, security, proxies, cookies, SSO, etc. Experience with Automation, Test Driven Development and Debugging Understanding of DevOps and CI/CD pipelines Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1092:
Lead application architecture design, development, and deployment on Microsoft Azure using cloud native technologies. Work with enterprise customers, sharing Azure and cloud native best practices for migrating, modernizing, or building new and existing applications. Author and contribute to Azure customer-facing publications such as whitepapers. Build deep relationships with business and senior technical leaders as an Azure cloud advocate and subject matter expert. Mentor and develop a team of future architects and software developers across the Microsoft Cloud team. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering or equivalent. Master’s degree preferred. Been certified as an Azure Solutions Architect Expert and/or DevOps Engineer Expert. 10+ years of experience, including a minimum of 5 years of full-life cycle architecture and software implementation across enterprise customers. 5+ years of hands on experience with .NET technologies, containerization, and architecting solutions using Web and API-based technologies with emphasis on micro services (Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Service Fabric) and serverless capabilities (Functions, Event Hub, Service Bus etc…). 3+ years of project experience in architecture, development, and migration of applications to cloud based solutions on Azure. Demonstrated skills in leadership, communication, coaching, analysis, problem solving and short term and long term planning. Knowledge of standard pre-sales activities, specifically solution envisioning and RFP management from leading consulting or professional services organizations. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1093:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1094:
3+ years of public cloud experience (GCP [preferred], Azure, AWS) Prior experience specifically in SRE / DevOps, Infrastructure Engineering, and Systems Engineering required Has knowledge of a full stack system and can jump into troubleshoot and diagnose issues in the environment. Very strong experience with Linux as an administrator and operator Strong background with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) Strong background in configuration management with frameworks such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible Proficiency with the following programming languages Golang, Python and shell scripting to automate tasks Familiarity building and supporting Big Data pipelines using Kafka, BigQuery, Dataflow Proficient at supporting container platforms and container orchestration tools such as Docker and Kubernetes BS or MS in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent professional experience A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Write automation code for provisioning and operating infrastructure at scale Identify and drive opportunities to improve automation for code deployment, management, and visibility of application services Develop tools and framework to automate operational tasks, deployment of machines, services, applications Work with big data technologies to build and support data pipelines and streaming analytics Work with development teams to integrate deployments with configuration management frameworks 
ScrapedJobID1095:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design and implement test case automation in a Java-based test automation framework. Work with design team and verification engineer to gather requirement on test case design. Assist continuous integration team in deploying test cases in the continuous integration flow. Configure and troubleshoot automation test environment, including the setup of DU/vDU, UE and UE simulators. Debug, collect and discover new requirements to improve test automation framework. Solid Java development skill in Linux environment. 5-10 years of experience in test automation for embedded software. Strong understanding of integration test methodology and test automation design. Knowledge of Cloud-Native infrastructure based on Kubernetes/Docker microservices and containers. Knowledge of mobile network architecture, 3GPP standards for physical layer, signaling layer and protocol layer, TCP/IP inter-networking. You are a self-learner and are comfortable in picking up knowledge from documentation, wiki pages and forums. You enjoy problem-solving and making things work. You have a friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1096:
Successful candidate will be responsible for the effective analysis, design, development, and delivery of high availability & reliability applications which utilized different technology stacks (including Python, Java, Kafka, NoSQL, Kubernetes etc.). Work with team of engineers for development, deployment and monitoring of derivatives trading and derivatives valuation applications Work with diverse set of technologies to implement new systems, or enhancements of existing implementations, and ensure sound integration with surrounding components from end to end operational perspective. Understanding the existing purpose of the application and a how the end user is putting the service to use. Design sound solutions that meet the enhanced and new business needs. Ensure that delivery meets the integrity, quality, performance and reliability requirements by building automated testing and regression suites and use of DevOps principles. To coordinate infrastructure needs for requisitioning Cloud based infrastructure, databases and assist actively with documentational requirements covering architecture, security and operational readiness. Key skills – Linux, K8S, Docker, GitOps, Ansible, Python, Azure The successful candidate must have a minimum of 10 years’ experience in developing, deploying and maintaining large scale applications with complex integration and have cloud-based deployment experience. At least 2 years of this experience must be in fully automating analytics deployment process and working with CI/CD tools. The role requires leadership skills, hands-on technical experience, and a can-do approach towards environment automation / management and continuous improvement for efficiency and cost effectiveness. 1-2 years’ experience working with Kubernetes and Helm Charts in production environments Monitoring tools such as TICK stack, Prometheus, ELK stack Knowledge and experience in securing data both in transit and at rest (data encryption, PKI, TLS, HTTPS). Solid experience as a DevOps Engineer in a 24x7 uptime environment, including automation experience with configuration management tools. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills are essential Ability to analyze and resolve complex infrastructure and application deployment issues. Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always available service. Knowledge of Linux system administration. Proficient with source code versioning tools (Git) and build tools (Gradle). Strong organizational skills, excellent problem-solving, communication, and collaboration skills Experience with No-SQL databases, Microsoft Azure cloud platform Must be flexible to adapt to a dynamic environment, make quick and sound decisions under pressure. Must be reliable, proactive, results-oriented, customer-focused and attentive to details. Market risk or financial risk experience Knowledge of Capital markets and financial instruments Experience with derivative products (IR, Credit, and Equity) and foreign exchange 
ScrapedJobID1097:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Participate in data engineering and transformation design to ensure highly scalable, extensible, and performant solutions. Contribute to data ingestion, transformation and extraction solutions in Enterprise big data platform (EDL) and Global Data and Analytics Platform Contribute to data and project design and delivery for some of highly visible and critical projects across bank Contribute to translating architecture or design into both logical and physical data models that comply with existing (and evolving) standards and practices. Hands on development supporting Data integration, Analytics and Cloud environments. Work with the Bank’s data governance program Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions. Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with Scotiabank’s Values, its Code of Conduct while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions and conduct risk. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Graduate degree in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) related discipline is desirable, along with 7+ years of working in IT and 5+ years practical experience in Data Engineering/Integration and Analytics. 3+ years of experience in working with Hadoop Hive, Apache Sqoop, Apache Spark 3+ years of experience in SQL and ETL Development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with Talend 2+ years of hands-on experience with Python or Java programming. 2+ years of hand on experience with scheduling tools such as Autosys, Tidal, Airflow 2+ years of software development (SDLC) experience in Agile Scrum/Kanban methodology 2+ years of development production support experience is an asset Working experience with DevOps and running Jenkins pipelines Strong communication and presentation skills Excellent understanding of RDBMS concepts (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2) Hands on experience with Unix/Linux Command Line Interface (CLI) and Shell Scripting Experience with code repository, version control and code promotion tools such as Git/bitbucket and Jenkins We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1098:

ScrapedJobID1099:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1100:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1101:
Web Application developed in ASP.NET Core 5.0. Database development and integration (AWS DynamoDB). Containerized application components. Continuous development and delivery in incremental releases using CICD pipelines. Enhanced security and data governance. Documentation and annotated codebase with version control. Tier 2 support of users and stakeholders regarding technical matters. Develop documentation & procedures for Tier 2 support Train staff on above 5+ years in Software Engineer experience
Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development.
Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members.
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team.
Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability.
Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues.
Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development. Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members. Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes. Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team. Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability. Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues. Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Full-stack .NET developer
SQL server 2019
ASP.NET
.Net Core 5
Razor/MVC
Entity Framework Core
Advanced LINQ SQL server 2019 ASP.NET .Net Core 5 Razor/MVC Entity Framework Core Advanced LINQ Web Technologies:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript/Typescript
C#
JSON
JQuery
Bootstrap 4
Third-party JS libraries
Asynchronous communication
REST APIs HTML CSS JavaScript/Typescript C# JSON JQuery Bootstrap 4 Third-party JS libraries Asynchronous communication REST APIs Software Engineering Skills
Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit
Architecture and database design skills
Dependency injection
Maintain multiple branches
Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD)
Containers and cloud-based orchestration services
IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures
DevOps Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit NUnit Architecture and database design skills Dependency injection Maintain multiple branches Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD) Containers and cloud-based orchestration services IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures DevOps Collaboration Tools
GitHub
Draw.io
Slack GitHub Draw.io Slack 
ScrapedJobID1102:

ScrapedJobID1103:
Own technical design, architecture, and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems. Be a part of a dynamic mobile team throughout the Software Development Life Cycle. Bring improvement to software engineering practices - work within agile teams to design, develop, test, implement and support technical solutions across a full stack of development tools and technologies. Be a mentor to Junior, Intermediate, and Senior mobile associates. At least 8 years of hands-on development using Java/Kotlin. At least 8 years of experience with application and/or data design, architecture and development. Experience providing mentorship to Junior and Intermediate Associates, and guidance to technical and Business stakeholders. Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering. 10+ Years of experience leading the full life-cycle of Software Development. Familiarity of front-end technology and frameworks such as React or Angular. Exposure to AWS or other cloud products. Experience working in an agile environment Contact with agile development methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID1104:
8 hour shift design, development and deployment of Data Analytics: 10 years (preferred) data & analytics pre-sales and technical consulting: 5 years (preferred) data & analytics solutions on Azure or GCP: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1105:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 12-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Supports Business Analyst on functional requirements with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Engages with solution architects and engineers to design and configure solutions. Leads design discussions with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Has strong sense of ownership with the ability to drive clarity in complex and ambiguous scenarios. Proficient with systems-thinking and able to articulate them to various groups across the organization. Owns making configuration within the selected platforms Provides technical oversight and guides teams to resolve complex and severe technical issues. Supports one or more moderately to highly complex business processes Champions best practices around data standards, policies, and procedures Serves as a team member, sometimes as a technical lead, sometimes as a business analyst Leads end-to-end testing as a SME and supports business stakeholders during UAT. Uses structured tools for analysis and presentation of concepts and models to support the business needs (requirements) Uses appropriate visualizations for a given metric or nature of data Captures business needs (functional requirements) and translates them into technical requirements (configurations) Connects the system outputs and data to SLA Responsible for the Technical Acceptance Criteria during the inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of the solution Configures modules and platform workflows in their designated system (i.e. CBX) Defines, plans and executes scenario-based test plans (UAT execution) Develops, maintains, and communicates support documentations to the end-users (i.e UAT, Release Notes) Works collaboratively with other team members to ensure system modifications meet business needs Proven experience with large-scale systems/application implementation. 7+ years as Systems or Business Analyst; 10+ years in IT; Experience with SaaS implementation Excellent spoken and written communication skills (verbal and non-verbal) Excellent system mapping tools like Visio, Draw.io Solid Experience in managing data warehouses and ETL pipelines (Min. 3 years) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (advanced data modeling skills required) Good understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bring solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. 3+ years of experience with at least one framework (ie. Spring Boot, JSP) 3+ years of experience developing test cases in jUnit Experience working with SOAP & REST WebServices Knowledge of SQL scripts for analysis and reporting (SQL) Strong understanding of Java applications deployed in a distributed environment Should have a background of having worked with reporting technologies – PowerBI preferred. Ability to create detailed, high quality, design deliverables Working experience with cloud-native technologies Should have experience working with multiple teams Must have experience working in agile methodology and scrum teams. Education: Min. Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering, Information Systems, or related fields Must have: Working experience in dealing with big data and large-scale enterprise systems Desired: Retail experience is a plus. Desired: Working experience with cloud platforms namely AWS 
ScrapedJobID1106:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1107:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1108:
Eligibility for benefits is dependent on the terms of employment Monitoring emerging trends and new technologies, evaluating feasibility, and providing recommendations. Architect, test and deliver complex application solutions in a prototype fashion to establish quick wins and business value. Continuously investigates industry (technical, business-related and market) trends and internal strategies and directions through publications, research papers, personal networks, and vendors to identify opportunities and impact for First National Financial. Participate in the envisioning sessions and take ownership of identified PoC/PoV spikes. Create solution concepts and provides guidance to the development teams through solution frameworks, walking skeletons, designs architectural diagrams and discussions. Participates in the architecture governance process to ensure compliance across all relevant PoC, PoV and solution architecture domains as well as traceability of business objectives. Ensure compliance and adherence with Enterprise Architecture principles, and best practices. Work to formalize development standards and share industry best practices with other team members to ensure high quality and consistency in outputs. Working in an Agile Framework, participate in Agile ceremonies such as sprint planning, backlog grooming, stakeholder demos and daily scrums. Integrates application technology, integration, data, and security architectural viewpoints into a coherent and usable solution(s). The Ideal candidate will have a background in full stack development, and an ability to take abstract concepts and form them into tangible deliverables. A minimum of 7+ years of experience in application development in .NET technologies. 2+ years’ experience in developing large/enterprise microservice based architecture and container orchestration frameworks. Ability to work both independently and collaboratively, understand how different areas of application integrate with other systems and assess the impacts. Must be adept at undertaking and completing tasks, meeting schedules, delivery timelines, and to moving swiftly from concepts and theory to action. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with an ability to convey concise and complex information to all levels of the organization. Experience in software engineering and design architecture. Experience with network architecture and administration. A great sense of passion towards innovation, continuous improvement, growth and change management Financial, Mortgage/Credit or Insurance industry experience. Familiarity with Microsoft Cloud based technologies. Microsoft Azure Fundamentals and/or Microsoft Azure Solution Architect certification(s). Supportive teamwork focused environment Collaborative entrepreneurial spirit Opportunities to give back to the communities and work through events focused on a variety of charities Ongoing social events throughout the year Extensive training programs to set our employees up for success 
ScrapedJobID1109:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Studio virtuel de cours en ligne Horaire de travail flexible Co-concevoir, co-créer, co-tester le traitement complet des données de bout en bout, modélisation et rapports des données : Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les parties prenantes et l'architecte de solutions pour s'assurer que l'architecture répond aux besoins de l'entreprise Améliorer la qualité, la fiabilité et l'efficacité de l'ensemble du processus d'acquisition et de traitement des données Optimiser les solutions en termes de performances et d'évolutivité 5 à 10 ans d’expérience dans un rôle similaire Connaissance de l’environnement Amazon Cloud pour la gestion de données (3 à 5 ans d’expérience) Baccalauréat et/ou Maîtrise en informatique, génie informatique ou l’équivalent Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais, oral et écrit Expérience dans la construction de données volumineuses complexes et de mécanismes de livraison pour soutenir l'analyse avancée et l'analyse des insights Solide expérience des techniques et des meilleures pratiques de modélisation des données, de la conception d'entrepôts de données, de l'ETL, de SQL et de Python (niveau senior avec un fort leadership technique). Connaissance du cadre agile (SCRUM) Solides compétences en communication et en relations interpersonnelles ; doit communiquer efficacement avec les équipes techniques et non techniques Capacité à travailler en équipe et à diriger une équipe technique : capacité à travailler en étroite collaboration avec différentes équipes fonctionnelles, des responsables à distance et des pairs Esprit critique et capacité à résoudre des problèmes Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Virtual Studio for online courses Flexible work schedule Co-Design, Co-create, Co-test the complete end-to-end data processing, Data Modeling and Data Reporting Work closely with stakeholders & Solution Architect to ensure architecture meets the business requirements Improve data quality, reliability and efficiency of the entire data ingestion and processing process Optimize solutions for performance and scalability 5-10 years experience in a similar role Knowledge of Amazon Cloud environment for Data Management (3 to 5 years experience). BSc and/or Master’s in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent English & French oral and written. Experience building large, complex big data sets and delivery mechanisms to support advanced analytics and insights analysis Solid experience with Data Modeling techniques and best practices, Datawarehouse Design, ETL, SQL and Python (Senior level with strong technical leadership) Knowledge of Agile Framework (SCRUM) Strong communication and interpersonal skills; must communicate effectively with technical and non-technical teams Team-player and technical team lead capabilities: ability to work in close collaboration across different functional teams, remote leaders and peers Critical thinking and problem-solving skills Quart de jour 
ScrapedJobID1110:
You have 5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience but still have a curiosity and malleability to learn new things (we are not tied to just one tech stack at Benevity) You are not new to cloud-based architecture Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design You are happy to get fast feedback and are on board with trunk-based development, behaviour-driven development, and understanding how users use what you have built You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach) You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience Strong skills in Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM); Identity management / federated identity management; GDPR / Data Residency / Personal Identifiable Information (PII); Single Sign-On (SSO) / OpenID Connect (OIDC); Access Management (Authentication / Authorization) and OAuth / SCIM; User Pools / Identity Pools; Okta / Amazon Cognito / Auth0 Hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas: web (JavaScript, HTML, frontend frameworks) development, mobile (iOS, Android) development, backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby) development Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities Experience with Laravel or Springboot Experience with continuous integration / continuous deployment in the context of data platforms and business intelligence Experience working in an agile environment AWS-specific experience would be highly desirable 
ScrapedJobID1111:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1112:
Highly competitive market hourly rates 12-month contract with extension Remote interview process Fully remote role to BC candidates Ensure the reliability and sustainability of business applications by optimizing, monitoring, and automating deployment, support, and sustainment activities Oversee staff and consultants to organize on-call schedules, assign tasks and provide technical guidance to team members, participate in training, and staff development, and provide feedback on the quality of work of team members Provide oversight and guidance on application sustainability to software development teams from planning though implementation and operations Maintain close relationships with DevOps teams, business users, architects, cloud operations and infrastructure teams Work closely with release and QA leads to maintain awareness of production deployments to ensure the stability of supported systems Make support metrics visible using tools such as VSTS dashboards and integrating metrics into reports and dashboards with tools such as Application Insights, SharePoint, Excel, or Power BI. Prioritize work to meet both short and long term goals and outcomes Provide feedback, coach, and mentor team members to improve individual and team effectiveness Communicate complex information clearly and concisely, to explain various business and technical information Think critically through complex problems to formulate practical solutions Create new, or re-establish collaborative, credible, high functioning teams. 6+ years of work experience in IT. 4 years’ relevant IT work experience with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments, continuous IT process improvement, production support and problem resolution, analysis, and/or technical proficiency, networking, and knowledge of a breadth of tools and approaches to solve broad spector problems Specialist knowledge of cloud monitoring and measurement tools for infrastructure, application, logging, APM, and user interface experience. Working knowledge of infrastructure configuration management and automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, and Terraform. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Team System and/or similar continuous integration and continuous deployment technologies such as Team Foundation Servicer, Jenkins CI, Github, and Artifactory, specifically related to software build, unit testing and deployment. 3+ years of experience working with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM templates and JSON scripting for automated deployments. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM IaaS and PaaS architectures. 3+ years of experience with API architecture and hybrid cloud integration patterns Working knowledge of networking protocols and technologies such as routing, DNS, network peering. Working knowledge of developing and monitoring SLOs and SLAs. Strong coding and scripting experience with languages like C#, JavaScript, SQL, PowerShell and others Experience with Microsoft Stack with technologies and frameworks like .Net, C#, JavaScript, SQL, JQuery, Angular 6 and up, HTML, CSS, XUnit, NUnit, Entity Framework, TDD, Regis Cache, Git. Experience with Microservices 
ScrapedJobID1113:
Ability to collaborate with senior leaders from Business and Technology to design long-term Business-Technology roadmap for individual Salesforce orgs Ability to design and implement Enterprise Org strategy for multiple Salesforce orgs Bank-wide Completed multiple Enterprise level Salesforce platform implementations Work with cross-team product owners, developers and test engineers to support QA processes Establish and enforce governance for implementing Salesforce at the Bank Must be well versed with Apex, Visual Force Pages, Salesforce Lightning Components and Integration Patterns. Must have worked on at least one of the middleware products or have some level of understanding on Talend, Jitterbit, Informatica, Mulesoft etc. Must be familiar with Integrating Salesforce with other cloud based application systems using REST, SOAP API. Must have worked on Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Financial Services Cloud Strong communication and leadership skills Minimum 7 years of experience in Salesforce platform and overall 12 + years of experience in enterprise systems. Minimum of 2+ year experience on Salesforce Lightning Components and Aura Framework. Experience with deployment processes and release pipelines. Eg : Jenkins, Bitbucket/Git, Salesforce DX Good understanding of package-based deployments, Metadata API and Ant. Hands-on experience on tools like Data Loader, Data Stage, Talend, Mulesoft Strong working knowledge on HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Investigate failures, perform root cause analysis and utilize internal defect tracking tool to create detailed, high quality error report Ability to work in cross functional teams using agile methodologies like SCRUM/Kanban We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1114:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1115:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or relevant field. 5+ years of work experience as a software developer or engineer within a product development environment (Software and/or SaaS). 2+ years of industry experience in applied machine learning or deep learning. Proficiency in C# (or Java), SQL, Python, AWS and experience with ML frameworks. Strong knowledge of machine learning techniques. Experience with integrating applications and platforms with cloud technologies (AWS). Experience designing, building, and deploying statistical and machine learning models using frameworks. MS, or PhD degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience leading machine learning engineering teams of 1 – 5 people. Research and select the right ML tools and technology set required to solve various business problems. Identify relevant business problems and build prototype/proof-of-concept solutions employing state-of-art methods in a variety of areas including natural language processing, clustering, and recommendation systems. Develop a long-term sustainable technical architecture to complement our product development technology (C#, SQL Server, Python, AWS). Serve the team by participating in, and guiding the design, development and implementation of operational standards that result in highly available, scalable, and reliable customer experiences. Engage varying degrees of stakeholders, including other development teams, compliance groups, product management, and external audiences. Keep team members motivated and engaged while maintaining a positive atmosphere. Work with Product Management to guide the overall direction of our ML powered features and integrate them into the Product suite. Identify and propose innovative opportunities for deploying ML capabilities in the product. Facilitate and coordinate an understanding at the portfolio level of cross-project dependencies to ensure smooth integration at completion. Actively contribute to, execute, and monitor the teams process improvement efforts. Ad hoc duties as required. Software
Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in Software Development
Experience In at least 3 years of experience with/in Machine Learning Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in Software Development Experience In at least 3 years of experience with/in Machine Learning 
ScrapedJobID1116:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1117:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1118:
Experience designing and writing multi-process, or multi-threaded, firmware running within an RTOS and/or embedded POSIX compliant OS/or QNX operating system. 
ScrapedJobID1119:

ScrapedJobID1120:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Lead Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Works with Engineering Lead to understand goals and priorities and strategically approach their work. There is a high level of accountability: an SPE should be able to tactically adjust work to meet shifting timelines and requirements, and speak into the need to increase, decrease, or change scope. Receiving and giving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them Drive value through consistently requiring few iterations on their work and by avoiding critical architectural errors. There should be a focus on thinking first: proposals, outlines, and diagrams should precede complex feature work. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Consistent Delivery of high quality code and meeting/exceeding our code standards Documentation of well considered technical architecture for complex feature work Creation of tangible outputs showing core competency across our stack Mentorship of peers through knowledge sharing Consistent Identification of strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery Proficiency in software design architecture and development. Minimum 5 years using modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, Graph QL or can display equivalent skill level Experienced in Full Stack development You have a strong understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure Strong with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have proficiency in design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience Experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C Eexperience implementing DevOps MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1121:
3+ years of web-based product management experience; 3+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principals; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. Comprendre et interpréter l’information afin de développer des hypothèses, définir des expériences pour prouver ou infirmer ces dernières et les mener à terme ; Déterminer, prioriser et évaluer les opportunités présentant le potentiel le plus élevé, puis faire des recommandations en relation avec des projets clés afin de fidéliser et conserver notre clientèle ; Mettre en oeuvre des techniques de développement de la clientèle, de la découverte à la validation, dans le but d’améliorer l’expérience client et de formuler des recommandations ; Coordonner, suivre, analyser et communiquer les objectifs d’affaires pour les produits et les projets ; Transposer de manière efficace les besoins commerciaux en exigences techniques ; Optimiser les produits existants qui représentent un gain différentiel pour l’entreprise ; Collaborer avec l’équipe de développement et de marketing pour évaluer les options techniques ; Participer au traitement du backlog et à la planification des sprints et stand ups quotidiens ; Diriger les activités en matière de planification de release ; Mener les tests d’acceptation ; Mettre en place des KPI pour évaluer les résultats de la performance des projets complétés et recommander de futures améliorations ; Gérer les exigences, le développement et les relations de partenariat d’une plateforme tierce, tel que nécessaire pour supporter les objectifs internes des intervenants. Plus de 3 ans d’expérience en gestion de produit Web ; Diplôme universitaire dans une discipline connexe ou à orientation technique ; Le bilinguisme anglais et français, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit, est un atout ; Fortes compétences relationnelles et en travail d’équipe ; Aptitudes analytiques exceptionnelles, visant la prise de décisions basées sur l’interprétation de données. Facilité à manipuler et présenter des données ; Gérer des projets transversaux complexes en vue d’obtenir des résultats commerciaux ; Grand souci de l’expérience client ; Expérience en design d’interfaces simples et intuitives sur de multiples appareils ; Excellentes capacités organisationnelles et de gestion de temps ; Bonnes connaissances technologiques permettant une communication productive avec l’équipe de développement ; Faire preuve de leadership auprès des différentes équipes de travail sans toutefois être leur gestionnaire; Grandes compétences cognitives et capacité d’aborder chaque situation différemment ; Proactivité et capacité à transmettre l’urgence et l’importance de mener à terme certains projets; Faire face et surmonter les obstacles de façon créative ; Connaissances en design centré sur l’utilisateur, avec une bonne compréhension de l’esthétique et de la fonctionnalité d’un produit bien conçu ; Attention particulière aux détails, permettant d’examiner une situation donnée plus en profondeur ; Expérience concrète de gestion d’équipes agiles dans leur coopération. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Node.js: 3 years (preferred) Canadian Work Permit (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1122:
Construire, déployer et maintenir notre infrastructure en tant que code sur des déploiements multi-sites à grande échelle à l'aide de Terraform. Développer des pipelines CI/CD pour déployer des logiciels sur une plateforme cloud native (Azure, Kubernetes) Automatisez les flux de travail pour aider à repousser les limites de l'infrastructure - Résolvez les problèmes jusqu'à ce que les causes profondes soient comprises sur les systèmes de production à fort trafic. Mettre en œuvre et appliquer les meilleures pratiques DevOps et de sécurité. Être responsable de l'identification des goulots d'étranglement et de l'amélioration des performances de notre infrastructure. Choisir, déployer et gérer des outils et des technologies pour créer et prendre en charge une infrastructure robuste (surveillance/déploiement/auto-réparation) Automatisation des processus métiers/déploiement/validation Développer/Tester/Appliquer la gestion de configuration logicielle. Développer/Test/Exécuter des procédures/pipelines de publication de logiciel. Interagir avec les utilisateurs pour coordonner les changements d'infrastructure. Participer aux tests de fonctionnalité, d'opérabilité, de déploiement et de performance pour les changements d'application ou d'infrastructure. Évangéliser les processus SDLC pour le changement d'infrastructure. Participer à la création, l'intégration et l'extension d'outils via REST ou SOAP. Pilotez, définissez et déployez la surveillance du système avec des seuils et des alertes exploitables. Fournir des supports pour les déploiements de production. Encadrer les ingénieurs juniors et ceux pour qui SDLC sur l'infrastructure est encore inconnu Effectuez les tâches liées à la sécurisation et à la conservation des produits, outils et processus que vous êtes responsable de la sécurisation. BS en informatique/ingénierie ou diplôme technique équivalent. Plus de 3 ans d'expérience dans un rôle DevOps (accent mis sur CI, CD et automatisation) (à adapter selon le niveau d'emploi REQ) Connaissance et expérience pratique de Linux (administrateur, réseau, script) Connaissance des outils Infrastructure as Code tels que Terraform HCL ou Azure ARM Connaissance et expérience pratique de l'infrastructure Cloud (Azure, AWS) Connaissance et expérience pratique des technologies Cloud Native telles que Docker, Kubernetes/AKS, LXC, Helm, Prometheus Compréhension des concepts Java, JVM et des serveurs d'applications Connaissance de base des réseaux (TCP/IP, UDP, VPN, DNS, TLS) Connaissances de base en sécurité informatique Compétences démontrées en dépannage et en résolution de problèmes Motivé et désireux d'apprendre Capacité à travailler de façon autonome et en équipe Capable de prendre la direction et ensuite de livrer le travail de manière autonome Excellentes aptitudes interpersonnelles et de communication (écrites et verbales). Capacité démontrée à travailler efficacement dans un environnement en évolution rapide À l'aise de travailler à distance avec des personnes dans d'autres régions géographiques Déploiement cloud natif : Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform CI/CD : GitHub, GitLab, Azure DevOps, Harness, Jenkins Surveillance : Grafana, FluentD, ElasticStack, Prometheus, SumoLogic, Azure Analytics Base de données : SQL Stockage : Blob, Min.io Linux : Ubuntu, CentOS, Debian Build, deploy and maintain our infrastructure as code on large scale multi-site deployments using Terraform. Develop CI/CD pipelines to deploy software in a cloud native platform (Azure, Kubernetes) Automate workflows to help pushing the limit of the infrastructure - Troubleshoot issues until root causes are understood on high traffic production systems. Implement and enforce best DevOps and security practices. Be responsible for identifying bottlenecks and improving performance of our infrastructure. Choose, deploy and manage tools and technologies to build and support a robust infrastructure (Monitoring/Deployment/self-healing) Automation of business/deployment/validation processes Develop/Test/Apply software configuration management. Develop/Test/Run Software release procedures/pipelines. Interact with users to coordinate infrastructure changes. Participate in the testing of functionality, operability, deployment, and performance for application or infrastructure changes. Evangelize SDLC processes for infrastructure change. Participate in tool authoring, integration and extension via REST or SOAP. Drive, define and deploy system monitoring with thresholds and actionable alerts. Provide supports for production deployments. Mentor junior engineers and those to whom SDLC over Infrastructure is still unknown Perform tasks related to securing and keeping the products, tools, and processes that you are responsible for securing. BS in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent technical degree. 3+ Years experience in a DevOps role (emphasis on CI, CD and automation) (to be adapted per REQ Job Level) Knowledge and hands on experience with Linux (admin, networking, scripting) Knowledge of Infrastructure as Code tools such as Terraform HCL or Azure ARM Knowledge and hands-on experience with Cloud infrastructure (Azure, AWS) Knowledge and hands-on experience with Cloud Native Technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes/AKS, LXC, Helm, Prometheus Understanding Java, JVM and application servers concepts Basic knowledge of networking (TCP/IP, UDP, VPN, DNS, TLS) Basic knowledge of Computer security Demonstrated troubleshooting and problem solving skills Self-motivated & willing to learn Ability to work independently and as part of a team Able to take direction and then deliver work autonomously Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal). Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, changing environment Comfortable working remotely with people in other geographic regions Cloud native deployment: Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform CI/CD: GitHub, GitLab, Azure DevOps, Harness, Jenkins Monitoring: Grafana, FluentD, ElasticStack, Prometheus, SumoLogic, Azure Analytics Database: SQL Storage: Blob, Min.io Linux: Ubuntu, CentOS, Debian Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1123:
Migrate Jira to AWS Migrate from older Jira versions and from competing products, and walk teams through the process Merge/consolidate multiple instances Demonstrable ability to upgrade from older versions, and walk teams through the process Building components (add-ons) or customizations for the Atlassian JIRA platform. Develop connectors with enterprise systems and services for various projects. Integrate data between third party systems and Atlassian software suite. Build customizations to simplify user and group management. Ensure all configurations are optimized for efficiency across all teams and use cases Develop automation to promote self-service, increase efficiency and productivity, and simplify maintenance and administration Engineering for high availability, container platform automation and performance tuning 3+ years of hands-on experience with Atlassian JIRA and Confluence, preferably in a large installation Experience with Atlassian Jira and Confluence administration and configuration Experience working with Atlassian Cloud, Server and datacenter deployments Experience working with delivery methodologies (eg. Waterfall, Agile - Scrum) Web application administration in cloud environment Demonstrable scripting experience and have extended JIRA beyond its out of box capabilities using Atlassian REST API's Demonstrable ability to deliver technical initiatives with Script Runner and Jira Automation Understanding and experience with DevOps principles, processes and tools (eg. Git, Bitbucket, Jenkins, etc) Strong scripting and API experience Familiarity with database concepts Highly proficient in leading large-scale projects or significant project steps and communicating progress/approach with technical/non-technical peers/clients and leaders. Understanding and hands-on experience of defect tracking, project management tools and documentation. Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills Ability to manage multiple requests from various stakeholders and negotiate priorities accordingly across the body of work Excellent verbal and written communication skills Bachelor of Science degree in computer science or related field and 3+ years of related work experience or 5 years of related work experience Has active Atlassian Certifications 
ScrapedJobID1124:
3+ years of public cloud experience (GCP [preferred], Azure, AWS) Prior experience specifically in SRE / DevOps, Infrastructure Engineering, and Systems Engineering required Has knowledge of a full stack system and can jump into troubleshoot and diagnose issues in the environment. Very strong experience with Linux as an administrator and operator Strong background with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) Strong background in configuration management with frameworks such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible Proficiency with the following programming languages Golang, Python and shell scripting to automate tasks Familiarity building and supporting Big Data pipelines using Kafka, BigQuery, Dataflow Proficient at supporting container platforms and container orchestration tools such as Docker and Kubernetes BS or MS in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent professional experience A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Write automation code for provisioning and operating infrastructure at scale Identify and drive opportunities to improve automation for code deployment, management, and visibility of application services Develop tools and framework to automate operational tasks, deployment of machines, services, applications Work with big data technologies to build and support data pipelines and streaming analytics Work with development teams to integrate deployments with configuration management frameworks 
ScrapedJobID1125:
Bachelor or Master’s degree in computer science or a related technical field GPA of at least 3.0 Strong academic record with projects Solid understanding of Agile development, object-oriented design and programming languages. An understanding of unit testing & Test-Driven Development (TDD). Some programming experience with one or more of the following: Java Knowledge of RESTFul webservices Knowledge of front-end web design and languages (HTML, JavaScript, CSS) Experience with Cloud computing and SaaS a plus Strong written, verbal, and collaboration skills Self-starter with strong work ethic with a passion for problem-solving Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Flexibility and ability to adapt to changing priorities and technologies Successful delivery of high-quality web or mobile software (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 80-95% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Partner effectively with all team members to deliver against commitments Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers 
ScrapedJobID1126:
Be responsible for building and supporting the application infrastructure of one of the largest e-Commerce sites in Canada. Maintain high site uptime while embracing rapid change and growth using a strong devops continuous delivery and site automation. Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure provisioning, deployments, testing, monitoring services, and test cases based on modern CI/CD principles in Cloud or on-prem. Writes custom code or scripts to do "destructive testing" to ensure adequate resiliency in production Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively Contributes to enterprise-wide tools to drive destructive testing, automation, or engineering empowerment Fields questions from other product teams or support teams Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams Provides application support for software running in production Proactively monitors production Service Level Objectives for product(s) Proactively reviews the performance and capacity of all aspects of production: code, infrastructure, data, and message processing Programming languages (one or more of Java, Python, Perl) and an understanding of Infrastructure as Code DevOps tooling (Bash Scripting, PowerShell, Terraform, Bamboo, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Helm.) Experience with containerized environments - Docker, Kubernetes Cloud architecture and implementation experience of Google Cloud Platform Knowledge on Analytics services in combination with 3rd parties - Atscale, Cloud DataProc, Cloud Dataflow, Apache Beam/ Google Cloud Composer (Apache Airflow), Big Table, Cloud BigQuery, Cloud PubSub, Cloud storage Cloud Functions will be plus SQL skills and Data analysis experience Experience with modern cloud monitoring and reporting tools and best practices (StackDriver, Prometheus, Grafana) Working within Agile Development methodologies (Jira, ServiceNow, Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Strong teamwork, collaboration, and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1127:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1128:
Contribute a genuine passion and enthusiasm for the product, the customer, and the company mission. Interact with enterprise cloud customers to understand and solve their cloud enablement challenges. Collaborate with the Cloud Business Office team to craft solutions into suites of products and capabilities. Become a subject matter expert in our capabilities. Perform gap analysis and anticipate evolving requirements. Contribute to the prioritization of work efforts within the cloud enablement organization. Represent your customer needs by clearly communicating and supporting ongoing platform engineering efforts. Collaborate with software architects to ensure the necessary technical capabilities are in place to build high performing, secure, and extensible software capabilities. Drive first-class high-quality outcomes for our customers. Analyze, organize, and communicate data-driven insights to inform decisions and recommendations. Proactively communicate progress, decisions, impediments, and risks. Ensure all products are effectively documented and socialized to the delight of the consumer. Work closely and collaboratively with business leaders across the enterprise (e.g. finance, security, CIO). Self-Directed, Consensus-Builder, Accountable, Data-Driven, Curious, Collaborative Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or information science related field. Minimum of 5 years IT experience as a product manager, product owner, architect, or combination. Ability to synthesize complex customer problems into a well-defined solutions and capabilities. A track record of working with others to deliver effective capabilities and products to solve complex problems. Ability to research and self-study to keep technical skills relevant in a highly complex environment. Excellent communication skills (verbal, written, and presentation) which recognize audience and communication styles. Experience working in an enterprise-class cloud environment (public or private). Experience building and operating highly-available products in a public cloud environment – e.g. AWS, Azure, Google. Strong CI/CD/CO fundamentals and experience with tools within the continuous delivery landscape. Willing to speak up and challenge the norm bringing forward ideas on how we can improve offers and overall solutions to drive aggressive cloud adoption. Experience in developing solutions that align services offers for complex migration to the cloud including strategies for migration to the cloud. Experience with releasing, launching, and life-cycling products. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment. Experience creating and maintaining product roadmaps. Experience with governance at scale, policy as code, and configuration as code. Experience working directly with customers. 
ScrapedJobID1129:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1130:
Perform the technical design, implementation, testing, and production support of applications and platform software for the FOLIO open source platform (www.folio.org). Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing, and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met. Conduct new technology research, proof of concept, and design work that will provide direction for the enhancement of the overall system and products. Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, maintainability, and culture. Demonstrate ownership of developed components from development through production. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Masters preferred. 5+ years of experience in Java 3+ years of experience in designing relational database schema and writing complex SQL queries; experience with PostgreSQL specifically is a plus 2+ years of experience with AWS Cloud services Linux – general knowledge, shell scripting – RedHat/Amazon Linux specifically is a plus 3+ yrs experience using Agile and/or SAFe 2+ years of experience in implementation of production RESTful interfaces in a microservices model Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills An advocate for unit testing, automation, and test-driven development. Virtualization – Docker, Vagrant, etc. CI/CD – Jenkins, Maven, etc. SCM - Git/GitHub OpenAPI, JSON, XML Security related experience –SSO, OAUTH, SAML, LDAP, etc. Scripting languages - bash, groovy, python Container management - AWS ECS, Kubernetes, etc. Logging/Monitoring/Alerting/Analytics – Cloudwatch Insights, SumoLogic, micrometer, graphana, SNMP, JMX, etc. Other - Kafka, ElasticSearch 
ScrapedJobID1131:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Be a senior hands-on contributor and lead by example. Supervise an impactful team of technology professionals including handling performance, mentorship, and coaching. Plan, develop, and support solutions to meet the business objectives of the departments at Teck operations within agreed upon service levels. Promote and support continuous improvement through the implementation of technology solutions. Be a technical evangelist, constantly looking for opportunities to advance our efficiency and quality across teams by defining and upholding standard methodologies and advocating for new technologies. Provide information on progress, forecasts, actual vs. budget comparison and explanation of variances. Support achieving goals and improve delivery efficiency and effectiveness via continuous monitoring of core metrics, key performance indicators (KPIs), and other critical success factors. Represent Teck TDS with senior business partners, exercising appropriate influence and skills in prioritizing work and setting plans, schedules and budgets for projects and sustainment. Engage with vendors to provide additional services or products. Provide feedback and recommendations on departmental long-range plans, budgets and strategies and initiate change to benefit the whole organization. Maintain a general proficiency across Teck Digital System’s functional areas, between business functions, system integration and dependencies, and the roles and capabilities of enterprise delivery teams. Post-secondary degree in Software Engineering or other related fields. 8 years of dynamically senior level experience in data engineering, data development, or application development. Knowledge in cloud big data technologies and techniques with a preference for Azure. Demonstrated leadership skills including coaching and mentoring. Strong understanding of Agile methodologies and experience as a developer of applications on an agile team Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent program and project management skills and solid understanding of business analysis techniques. Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and the ability to maintain strong relationships with business partners, business management and application users. A valid driver's license is required. Ability to travel to our sites in British Columbia 20-40% of the time Working level Spanish would be an asset. Must be P.Eng eligible for EGBC or APEGA Membership 
ScrapedJobID1132:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1133:
Competitive Salary RRSP Matching Employer Paid Flexible Health Coverage (from day one) Employee Purchase Program – discounts! Professional Development Opportunities Social and Wellness Events Employee Referral Program- we want great talent like you! Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based products and services Integrate with external customer and 3rd-party systems Perform extensive research and analysis to make optimal architecture and design decisions Analyze and improve security for cloud application, provide expert guidance to engineers on security Write large amounts of code, perform code reviews, write unit tests Write documentation Interface with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations Create quick proof-of-concept prototypes Participate in scrum team Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency BSc or MSc in Computer Science or equivalent experience 3+ years of production level experience in Java and Springboot (mandatory) 3+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Node.js, Python, or similar language Production level experience in AWS Good working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases (mySql and MongoDb etc.) Knowledge and experience in micro-services architecture, containerization, and orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes etc.) Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, design patterns, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, REST, gRPC, HTTP, TLS) Interest and ability to learn new technologies or other coding languages, as needed Good grasp of the Agile software development approach, CI/CD, Gradle, Maven, GIT, code review and code coverage tools Experience with designing a test strategy, writing test cases and automating testing Great interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1134:

ScrapedJobID1135:
Newly created position on a growing team will be part of migration of older technology to modern platforms 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + Years experience working with Unix and able to rewrite Shell scripts in Unix/Linux. Solid skills in writing SQLS for relational Databases (DB2,MS SQL Server, Oracle DB, Postgres, MySQL) experience working on Database migration projects ( DB2 to Postgres or Oracle to Postgres) 
ScrapedJobID1136:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces Product development process – it’s more than solely coding. Be collaborative member of the autonomous cross-functional team to define, build, test and deliver innovative enterprise-grade solutions This role will lead systems and environment development for NEW applications based on existing and well-established platforms. There is a large team of industry, product and technical experts to help - you will have all the support you could ask for. We use a modern development stack including Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda & Kinesis and Node.js – we are primarily an open source shop. We run on Atlassian, Slack, Jenkins, GitHub Enterprise, Splunk, AppDynamics and other top industry technologies. You will be working in a stable business environment with strong organizational and management support, so you can focus on your craft. Mastery, Autonomy and Purpose are core tenants that serve to drive us every day. Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or above Passion for high-quality execution, technical and operational excellence. Proven track record working in an agile environment with sharp focus on shipping frequently while managing competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated passion for agile principles, values and continuous improvement of engineering processes Strong believer and promoter of built-in-quality, DevOps mindset and automation Solid understanding of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns and web system architecture 3+ years of experience with high quality object-oriented code 2+ years of professional experience building Node.js backend applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS 2+/ReactJS Solid understanding and experience working with relational DBs like Postgres, MySQL or Oracle Experienced with development for AWS Knowledge with Typescript Experienced in developing REST APIs Strong experience with Git source control Experience in development of large-scale SaaS and cloud-native applications Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior developers Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery Excellent communication and presentation skills to interact with both internal and external people Support continuous improvements initiatives and actively identify bottlenecks and ways to improve engineering practices and development process Promoter of writing well-designed, reusable, testable and efficient code Contribute in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle Strong ability to troubleshooting and resolving issues Knowledgeable with test-driven development Experience with CI/CD process Familiarity with AWS technologies such as Lambda and Kinesis Familiarity with the Serverless Framework Familiarity with micro services Familiarity with MongoDB, DynamoDB or any other No-SQL databases Competitive compensation Health Care insurance, including vision and prescription drugs benefits Dental insurance Employee and Family Assistance Program Life insurance Disability insurance Retirement savings plan Employee stock purchase program Paid holidays and generous paid time off Learning and development resources 
ScrapedJobID1137:
Design, prototype, implement, test, and document full stack (front and back end) web applications, and RESTful APIs. Design for usability with responsive web user interfaces. Build quick prototypes / demonstrations to help validate technologies and to provide sales demos. Design for scalability and reliability (24/7 operations – minimal maintenance down time) with continuous integration. Work with DevOps to deploy and maintain system components into QA and Production environments, and to create tools to quantify performance and reliability. Assist QA in developing automated tests Incorporate security into web services, APIs, and user interfaces. Work with Product Management (and Sales Engineers) to define the product requirements and ensure customer needs are being met. Estimate timelines and provide risk assessments for planning and tracking work. Provide feedback for continuous improvement of processes. Provide Tier-3 support to customers and work with Technical Support to improve their knowledge and tools for troubleshooting. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent discipline 2+ years of full stack application development for always on web applications with global user base, large traffic volume, and multi-national operations Proficient in responsive user interface development in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript using Angular (6+) or React frameworks Familiar in Java (JEE) technologies including Spring MVC, Struts, Hibernate, RESTful JSON/XML, WebSockets Familiar with SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL), and able to design/modify relational schemas, adapt Stored Procedures Comfortable in cross technology Enterprise Application environment – mostly Java (JEE) on Linux, but some C#/.NET 5+ years with micro services architecture in a continuous integration environment Implemented Single Sign On and OAUTH mechanisms Familiar with Docker and Cloud Infrastructure (AWS, Microsoft Azure), Serverless functions. Familiar with IoT transport and network protocols (MQTT, TCP/IP, LoRaWAN, LTE-M) with accompanying security. Familiar with network management concepts: SNMP, Equipment and Link monitoring, Logical Network Mapping, Geolocation Customer focus Complex problem solving: Systems-level approach to software Creative, collaborative, and open-minded Strong communicator Passion and pride in your work Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Monday to Friday AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) full stack application development for always on web apps: 2 years (preferred) responsive user interface development: 2 years (preferred) Java technologies: 2 years (preferred) PostgreSQL and MySQL: 2 years (preferred) cross technology Enterprise app environment: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1138:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1139:
Improve and evolve team and operational procedures to establish best in class capabilities for Security Event governance, cyber incident detection, response and remediation. You will work with technology and infrastructure leaders from across the LCL family of companies and key suppliers, partners, vendors, and managed service providers. You will bring a strong network of security companies, contacts and experience to help lead and build the capabilities to react swiftly and contain cyber threats effectively. Your deep knowledge of securing enterprise architecture, security threats, tactics, techniques and procedures used by threat actors, security and enterprise IT operations, processes and incident and change management, will help you to conduct event monitoring , participate in cyber incident response process to support this mandate. Supplier management and service management skills will be critical to ensure valued delivery and execution of managed security services to LCL. Collaborate with security teams (compliance, risk, architecture and operations) to provide updates and knowledge on all cloud security activities to colleagues across IT K nowledge of Splunk and other monitoring tools, demonstrating both Engineering, Governance, and operation experience . G ood working knowledge of and direct prior experience with enterprise security technologies: Security monitoring and management for cloud Azure Security Center, Azure Sentinel and GCP Cloud Security Command Center Cloud Application Security, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) Security Tools (IDS/IPS, SIEM, Splunk, Packet capturing, forensic encase, AV , DLP , EDR , NAC , email security) Security automation and orchestration tools ( Demisto , Phantom, Cyber Response, ServiceNow Security) Administ ration of Splunk SAAS console including access administration, SAAS capacity management Participate in new log source ingestion/integration, use case development discussions, and provide SME input Scripting knowledge (VBS/JS, Powershell , Bash, Python is an asset In formation security certification is an asset. Experience and/or knowledge of security and privacy enhancing technologies such as identity management, application security and network security technologies Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1140:
3+ years of public cloud experience (GCP [preferred], Azure, AWS) Prior experience specifically in SRE / DevOps, Infrastructure Engineering, and Systems Engineering required Has knowledge of a full stack system and can jump into troubleshoot and diagnose issues in the environment. Very strong experience with Linux as an administrator and operator Strong background with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) Strong background in configuration management with frameworks such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible Proficiency with the following programming languages Golang, Python and shell scripting to automate tasks Familiarity building and supporting Big Data pipelines using Kafka, BigQuery, Dataflow Proficient at supporting container platforms and container orchestration tools such as Docker and Kubernetes BS or MS in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent professional experience A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Write automation code for provisioning and operating infrastructure at scale Identify and drive opportunities to improve automation for code deployment, management, and visibility of application services Develop tools and framework to automate operational tasks, deployment of machines, services, applications Work with big data technologies to build and support data pipelines and streaming analytics Work with development teams to integrate deployments with configuration management frameworks 
ScrapedJobID1141:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1142:
Create reusable interface components based on Vue.js (v3) and Typescript Develop clear, efficient and testable code in HTML, CSS and JavaScript Assist in the design and development of REST APIs for interface components Work with product management, designers and back-end developers to create refined experiences Contribute in all phases of the software development lifecycle Implement and test the accessibility of components to a common standard (WCAG level II) Leverage tools like Storybook to document and test all components Debug and fix software issues that arise during development and in production Participate in an agile workflow using tools like Jira, Github, Slack and Notion Participate in code reviews and ensure code deliverables confirms to quality standards Lead, mentor, and guide less experienced developers in best practices Identify and propose best practices, development and software libraries 7+ years of solid frontend web application development experience Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Confident in the utilization of Vue.js or a similar framework like React or Angular Comfortable working with version control systems like Git and must be comfortable working in a cloud native deployment environment Experience with design applications like Figma is an asset Experience with Webpack is an asset Understanding of secure coding practices (e.g. OWASP) 
ScrapedJobID1143:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Be a senior hands-on contributor and lead by example. Supervise an impactful team of technology professionals including handling performance, mentorship, and coaching. Plan, develop, and support solutions to meet the business objectives of the departments at Teck operations within agreed upon service levels. Promote and support continuous improvement through the implementation of technology solutions. Be a technical evangelist, constantly looking for opportunities to advance our efficiency and quality across teams by defining and upholding standard methodologies and advocating for new technologies. Provide information on progress, forecasts, actual vs. budget comparison and explanation of variances. Support achieving goals and improve delivery efficiency and effectiveness via continuous monitoring of core metrics, key performance indicators (KPIs), and other critical success factors. Represent Teck TDS with senior business partners, exercising appropriate influence and skills in prioritizing work and setting plans, schedules and budgets for projects and sustainment. Engage with vendors to provide additional services or products. Provide feedback and recommendations on departmental long-range plans, budgets and strategies and initiate change to benefit the whole organization. Maintain a general proficiency across Teck Digital System’s functional areas, between business functions, system integration and dependencies, and the roles and capabilities of enterprise delivery teams. Post-secondary degree in Software Engineering or other related fields. 8 years of dynamically senior level experience in data engineering, data development, or application development. Knowledge in cloud big data technologies and techniques with a preference for Azure. Demonstrated leadership skills including coaching and mentoring. Strong understanding of Agile methodologies and experience as a developer of applications on an agile team Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent program and project management skills and solid understanding of business analysis techniques. Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and the ability to maintain strong relationships with business partners, business management and application users. A valid driver's license is required. Ability to travel to our sites in British Columbia 20-40% of the time Working level Spanish would be an asset. Must be P.Eng eligible for EGBC or APEGA Membership 
ScrapedJobID1144:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1145:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1146:
Web Application developed in ASP.NET Core 5.0. Database development and integration (AWS DynamoDB). Containerized application components. Continuous development and delivery in incremental releases using CICD pipelines. Enhanced security and data governance. Documentation and annotated codebase with version control. Tier 2 support of users and stakeholders regarding technical matters. Develop documentation & procedures for Tier 2 support Train staff on above 5+ years in Software Engineer experience
Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development.
Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members.
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team.
Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability.
Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues.
Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development. Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members. Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes. Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team. Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability. Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues. Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Full-stack .NET developer
SQL server 2019
ASP.NET
.Net Core 5
Razor/MVC
Entity Framework Core
Advanced LINQ SQL server 2019 ASP.NET .Net Core 5 Razor/MVC Entity Framework Core Advanced LINQ Web Technologies:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript/Typescript
C#
JSON
JQuery
Bootstrap 4
Third-party JS libraries
Asynchronous communication
REST APIs HTML CSS JavaScript/Typescript C# JSON JQuery Bootstrap 4 Third-party JS libraries Asynchronous communication REST APIs Software Engineering Skills
Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit
Architecture and database design skills
Dependency injection
Maintain multiple branches
Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD)
Containers and cloud-based orchestration services
IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures
DevOps Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit NUnit Architecture and database design skills Dependency injection Maintain multiple branches Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD) Containers and cloud-based orchestration services IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures DevOps Collaboration Tools
GitHub
Draw.io
Slack GitHub Draw.io Slack 
ScrapedJobID1147:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1148:
Fournir une assistance 24x5 sur site Fournir un soutien sur appel le week-end sur une base de rotation ; Gérer les demandes et les incidents soulevés en temps opportun Travailler en partenariat avec les équipes/fournisseurs internes et externes de niveau 2 et 3, le cas échéant, pour aider à résoudre les incidents plus complexes ; Fournir une gestion des alertes pour résoudre de manière proactive les alertes d'échec, les services dégradés et les services indisponibles Automatiser de manière proactive les tâches courantes pour améliorer l'efficacité et augmenter la productivité ; Connaissance et expérience détaillées dans un environnement Microsoft prenant en charge Windows 10, Windows Server 2012+, la suite Office, y compris Outlook, Office 365 et Azure, y compris OneDrive, DLP et SharePoint Connaissance et expérience détaillées avec Active Directory, la stratégie de groupe, les solutions d'accès à distance et le déploiement de logiciels Connaissances détaillées et expérience de l'installation, du dépannage et de la gestion du matériel de bureau ; Provide 24x5 support on-site Provide on-call weekend support on a rotational basis; Manage raised requests and incidents in a timely manner Partner with Level 2 & 3 internal and external teams/vendors as appropriate to help troubleshoot more complex incidents; Provide alert management to pro-active resolve failure alerts, degraded services and unavailable services Proactively automate common tasks to improve efficiency and increase productivity; Detailed knowledge and experience in a Microsoft environment supporting Windows 10, Windows Server 2012+, Office Suite including Outlook, Office 365 and Azure, including OneDrive, DLP and SharePoint Detailed knowledge and experience with Active Directory, Group Policy, remote access solutions and software deployment Detailed knowledge and experience installing, troubleshooting and managing desktop hardware; 
ScrapedJobID1149:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1150:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1151:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1152:

ScrapedJobID1153:
The Senior Full Stack Engineer will be part of a cross-functional team, building cloud native applications for the financial services industry The role will require the SFS Engineer to develop code, create CI/CD pipelines, and configure/deploy applications on the cloud This role will use Python Spark (PySpark) in a big data environment to bring in external data from various data links (hedge fund data, financials information, etc) and then present the data to the client via a dashboard where clients can get a single point of financial data (status of their portfolio, etc) The position is highly focused on converting data and data engineering vs application programming, but it is not just a back end solution, there is a front end development to build a UI on top of the data links 5+ years Software Engineering experience 2+ years Python (PySpark) 2+ years with AWS Experience with relational DB (ideally MySQL) Experience with NoSql databases (ideally DynamoDB) Experience working with Agile teams Exposure to creating and deploying to CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of financial industry Experience working with Agile 
ScrapedJobID1154:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1155:
Own what you build as you architect, test, and refine the PaymentEvolution platform Using our development workflow, you’ll tackle a wide variety of technical challenges throughout the stack and contribute daily to our codebase Work closely with product support and design to translate customer feedback into product enhancements Working as part of a talented team of software engineers in an Agile environment to utilize cutting edge technologies including ASP.NET Core, Kendo controls, Entity Framework, API Layer, oData, and REST to design and transformation our mission-critical applications crucial to several rapidly growing lines of business. Recommend, design and create technical improvements in existing capabilities to maximize productivity and optimize security and efficiency. Responsible for the organization and tracking of work within the context of your team. Ensuring solutions are optimized for support, usability, and flexibility. Participating in support and triage activities, including rotational out-of-hours on-call duties. Excited about working across the full-stack and have experience doing so. Passionate about building amazing user experiences (and have live examples to show) Interested in technologies like .NET and can envision scenarios using large data sets, algorithms and machine learning Ambitious, enthusiastic, tenacious, and full of positivity Experience turning wireframes into elegant code that inspires our customers Passionate about creating well-structured, easily maintainable and well documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism. You are a skilled full-stack developer, who has demonstrable experience designing, building, and supporting ASP.NET enterprise applications and APIs to support critical lines of business. You have a strong Lean/Agile mindset and experience working on Agile teams. You can effectively set expectations around the delivery of your work within a team. You have a passion for learning, designing, and implementing new technology and a keen eye for optimization of business process. You are a highly engaged and collaborative team member with exceptional communication skills You are an innovator, skilled at using cutting-edge technologies to solve complex business problems. Help define the system architecture, own and implement specific components, and help shape the overall experience. Collaborate closely with product managers, UX designers and other development team members to help define the scope of the product. You will take responsibility for technical problem solving, creatively meeting product goals, and developing best practices. You will demonstrate cross-functional resource interaction to accomplish your goals. You will design and develop MVC based web applications. Write high-quality, efficient, testable code in C#, JS and other object-oriented languages. Build highly available, secure, scalable applications for various markets Mentor other developers – contributing your time and expertise to help grow them collaboratively Own and operate the systems that you build based on real-time customer data and demanding service-level agreements. Contribute to planning, design, implementation, testing, operations, and process improvement as a member of a Scrum team. University/college degree 4-6 years of real experience (be prepared to showcase your work or samples) Ability to work in a rapidly expanding and changing environment Strong object oriented and software architecture fundamentals. Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Remain engaged, proactive and positive in tough circumstances, owning assignments and taking full accountability for overall team success. Possess strong communication skills and a preference for delivering as part of a team. Able to commute within Quito AND work remote with a business level acceptable work environment, internet access, pre-existing computer system, and privacy. .NET Framework 4.x/.NET Core - Strong implementation skills with ASP.NET including experience with building custom controls and developing with the ASP.NET MVC framework. C# – Expert-level implementation skills with C# Strong experience with Entity Framework (code-first) and Microsoft LINQ Highly conversant on front-end development with modern JS framework/library such as React, Angular, Vue.js developing responsive web applications. Presentation tier experience with Bootstrap, JQuery, Knockout or equivalent, and of course CSS 3.0, HTML 5.0 and jQuery Interoperability experience (REST/OAUTH2/OPENID/AUTH) - Creating and Consuming web services with (Ajax, JSON, XML, Web API) Experience with MVC pattern, AWS, Azure and cloud hosted applications and services will be a definite asset Fluent in GIT source code control and branching strategies Database – Must be highly proficient in SQL preferably across multiple databases. MS SQL Server including stored procedures, functions and schema design. DevOps fundamentals, CI/CD tooling (Azure DevOps) Experience in scaling and performance (C#, SQL, caching technologies such as Redis) Building Node.js/Typescript applications SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft Dynamics Kendo/Telerik controls MongoDB / NodeJS Experience in software architecture Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program 10 hour shift 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) proficient English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1156:
Code, test, and document new or modified data systems to create robust and scalable applications for data analytics Work with stakeholders including Analytics, Product, and Design teams to assist with data related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Engineer solutions for large data storage, management, and curation of training data models. Build and maintain data pipelines that transform and transfer data in a multi-cloud environment using a variety of tools. Explore available technologies and design solutions to continuously improve our data quality, workflow reliability, scalability while reporting performance and capabilities. Act as an internal expert in each of the data sources so that you can own overall data quality. Design, build and deploy new data models, ETL pipelines into production and data warehouse. Define and manage overall schedule and availability of all data sets. Process, cleanse, verify and work with data from multiple sources Work with the data science team to access and understand internal and external data sources Develop algorithms and build models to solve business problems. Collaborate with solution engineers to integrate pipelines into our proprietary applications Bring your great ideas for new products and features to the team Masters or BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 3+ Years experience in a Data Engineering role with Data gathering, Data pipelining, Data Standardization, Data Cleansing, Stitching aspects Experience with some cloud technology is required: AWS, Azure, or GCP Proficiency in a major programming language (e.g. Java/C) and/or a scripting language (scala/php/python) Experience with some or all of the following tools - Apache Kafka, Apache Airflow, Google BigQuery, Elasticsearch, Docker and Kubernetes Highly analytical and detail oriented with a dedication to analyzing data to identify deliverables, anomalies, and gaps and propose solutions to address these findings Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets Solid understanding and working knowledge of relational or non-relational databases Excellent communication (both written and verbal), organizational, and trouble-shooting skills. A preference for candidates located in Calgary, Winnipeg, GTA, Hamilton but open to Canada wide applications 
ScrapedJobID1157:

ScrapedJobID1158:
Highly competitive market hourly rates 12-month contract with extension Remote interview process Fully remote role to BC candidates Ensure the reliability and sustainability of business applications by optimizing, monitoring, and automating deployment, support, and sustainment activities Oversee staff and consultants to organize on-call schedules, assign tasks and provide technical guidance to team members, participate in training, and staff development, and provide feedback on the quality of work of team members Provide oversight and guidance on application sustainability to software development teams from planning though implementation and operations Maintain close relationships with DevOps teams, business users, architects, cloud operations and infrastructure teams Work closely with release and QA leads to maintain awareness of production deployments to ensure the stability of supported systems Make support metrics visible using tools such as VSTS dashboards and integrating metrics into reports and dashboards with tools such as Application Insights, SharePoint, Excel, or Power BI. Prioritize work to meet both short and long term goals and outcomes Provide feedback, coach, and mentor team members to improve individual and team effectiveness Communicate complex information clearly and concisely, to explain various business and technical information Think critically through complex problems to formulate practical solutions Create new, or re-establish collaborative, credible, high functioning teams. 6+ years of work experience in IT. 4 years’ relevant IT work experience with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments, continuous IT process improvement, production support and problem resolution, analysis, and/or technical proficiency, networking, and knowledge of a breadth of tools and approaches to solve broad spector problems Specialist knowledge of cloud monitoring and measurement tools for infrastructure, application, logging, APM, and user interface experience. Working knowledge of infrastructure configuration management and automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, and Terraform. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Team System and/or similar continuous integration and continuous deployment technologies such as Team Foundation Servicer, Jenkins CI, Github, and Artifactory, specifically related to software build, unit testing and deployment. 3+ years of experience working with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM templates and JSON scripting for automated deployments. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM IaaS and PaaS architectures. 3+ years of experience with API architecture and hybrid cloud integration patterns Working knowledge of networking protocols and technologies such as routing, DNS, network peering. Working knowledge of developing and monitoring SLOs and SLAs. Strong coding and scripting experience with languages like C#, JavaScript, SQL, PowerShell and others Experience with Microsoft Stack with technologies and frameworks like .Net, C#, JavaScript, SQL, JQuery, Angular 6 and up, HTML, CSS, XUnit, NUnit, Entity Framework, TDD, Regis Cache, Git. Experience with Microservices 
ScrapedJobID1159:
Description Objectives Deliverables Assess and document the client's current infrastructure and platforms as it relates to cloud solutions and application rationalization Refresh and maintain the client's cloud adoption strategy Develop and maintain clear documentation and standards for cloud solutions and cloud operation Create and deliver related presentations to business and technical audience including senior management and technology steering committees Design cloud solution architecture and provide guidance to various project teams for successful cloud migration and operation Collaborate across functional teams of developers, engineers, designers, and product stakeholders to deliver innovative technology solutions using the client's preferred cloud services Oversee all aspects of cloud initiatives, take ownership of solution design and architecture document, and contribute to requirements document and implementation plan Create and deliver solution level presentations and EARs in the Technical Review Meeting (TRM) Lead any Request for X (RFP, RFS, RFO, RFI) processes, including but not limited to: creating IT portion of call documents, work with Purchasing department, lead IT portion of the evaluation, document recommendations, etc. Perform and collaborate on research for solutions Contribute to technical discussions and architecture planning Attend daily stand-ups and regular scrum meetings Report to the Manager of IT Risk Management / EAO Other duties as assigned Transfer of Knowledge Education, Training, Certifications or Designations Required Mandatory University Degree in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent combination of education, experience and/or training Current certification in TOGAF or equivalent architectural framework Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert Other Cloud related technology certification Minimum 10 years related work experience within the field of IT infrastructure, Architecture, with 4 years dedicated to Cloud Extensive experience with modern technology architecture spanning cloud, and hybrid deployments Extensive experience with developing strategic plans Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis combined with proven experience in infrastructure design and development Significant experience designing, building, tuning and supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Significant experience designing, building, tuning & supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Demonstrated experience working in an agile environment, ability to adapt on-the-fly to the changing needs of the Service Effective problem-solving skills, self-motivation, and demonstration of pro-active work in the design and management of reliable and robust production systems Demonstrated ability to design and implement a DevOps practice, including: design, development, testing and implementation Experience with working in a team environment Experience with working in s 7x24 environment Strong verbal, reading comprehension and written communication skills Self-motivated in learning new technologies Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Solid grounding in core enterprise architecture, including Zachman's Enterprise Architecture framework and TOGAF. In-depth technical knowledge of cloud technology and future direction Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards Expert knowledge of script languages Hands-on experience with network, servers, storage development tools Strong knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Expert in integration of cloud based services with on premise technology Proven project planning and management experience. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws with exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. A solid understanding of the organization's goals and objectives. Background Translate business requirements to architecture vision to meet the business requirements, conduct formal stakeholder reviews, set scope, constraints and expectations and define the statement of architectural work. Create business architecture actors and building blocks in business domain by documenting current state business processes, identifying processes that can be consolidated or simplified, envisioning future state business processes and maintaining business architecture standards, policies, processes and strategies. Validate decisions in each EA domain against the requirements of the business during the life of the project. Create architecture artifacts and building blocks such as impact assessment and capacity planning documents, create current state architecture, envision future state architecture, and maintain architecture standards, policies, processes, and roadmaps. Align solution design and integration with the client's enterprise architecture direction and strategy by enforcing Enterprise Architecture Review (EAR) processes in projects and activities, guiding architecture design, governing implementation, integration and change control and leading in the drafting of service level agreement (SLA) and operational level agreement (OLA). Research and development on new product, technology and architectural framework with respect to industry standards and best practises. Leadership with respect to strategic security planning and prioritizing of defence initiatives required to meet business goals and objectives. Establishment and enforcement of the security program, policies and standards to achieve a level of risk below the risk tolerance level of the organization and compliance to governing authorities. Working Conditions become civilian members of the client (TPS) be required to become members of the client's Organization (union) receive all the benefits for permanent civilian members be required to follow the policies and procedures of the client be available after-hours when required as per Director's policy be required to architect Cloud based solutions and a multi-cloud strategy for (Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service and Software as a Service) 
ScrapedJobID1160:
Champion a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Lead a team of 20 + Managers, Engineers, and be the Technology specialist for teams situated across multiple sites. Develop and grow talent through effective mentoring and succession planning for key talent. Help your team prioritize, negotiate, and remove obstacles to ensure quality product launches Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite, risk culture, regulatory and compliance needs should be considered in everyday decision making. Practice and encourage metrics informed decision making & hypothesis driven product development, in the team and also in the organization. Actively collaborate with other Engineering, enterprise architecture, and cyber security teams, providing them with engineering & architectural context, and engaging them to build the right products on time. Foster relation with key stakeholders, communicate frequently, and keep them informed Continuously perform customer need analysis and understand business pain points. Identify the biggest problems to solve to build & own the roadmap. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 10+ years of experience building Backend and/or front-ends systems, and shipping cloud-native financial services for capital markets. 5+ years building Java based services, and React or Angular or Vue based frontends 5+ years of experience managing technology products and end-to-end digital journeys 5+ years of experience building Micro-services and API based digital solutions 3+ years of experience building Messaging/Event based architecture (Kafka), and scaling services horizontally on private and public clouds Ability to prioritize work while multi-tasking on several high-profile projects with a keen eye on details. Deep understanding of Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, cloud-based deployment knowledge Nice to have:
Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus
Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery
Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting 
ScrapedJobID1161:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Co-ordinate with multiple data source teams in getting data published to Kafka and getting the same to BI Datawarehouse Building Scalable Data Pipelines Mentor Junior resources and drive end to end design, implementation and delivery of engineering components. Communicate with and educate both senior and junior colleagues to further embed data science and analytics across the organization Strive for continuous improvement of code quality and development practices Willingness to adapt to and self-learn new technologies and deliver on them. Building and maintaining solutions on highly available environments. Working knowledge of CI/CD Working knowledge of building data integrity checks as part of delivery of applications. Technical expertise to build code that is performant as well as secure. Technical depth and vision to perform POC’s and evaluate different technologies. Translate business issues to technical terms. Understand, leverage and apply best practices effectively. Also leads by example and comes up with coding standards and best practices for technology. Anticipate system/application challenges and proposes solutions for the same. Contribute to story sizing and work estimates for implementation, validation, delivery and documentation. Review user stories to ensure a quality user experience, well-defined acceptance criteria and thorough test coverage. Participate in design and code review to ensure quality and testability of feature code. BS in Computer Science or related 5+ years of experience as a Software developer in BI space is needed Experience working with Snowflake & Kafka technologies is a must Working experience of scripting, data science and analytics (SQL, Python, PowerShell, JavaScript) is needed 2+ Years of performance tuning and optimization, bottleneck problems analysis, and technical troubleshooting in a sometimes, ambiguous environment. 2+ Years working with Azure cloud based systems Experience with Azure SQL Services Expertise in designing data pipelines , table structures, and sql queries Working experience with reporting layer (ssrs / powerbi / ssas) is desirable Design, implement and monitor 'best practices' for Dev framework Experience working with large volume data; retail experience strongly desired. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty & kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID1162:
Provide a strategy and recommendation for the optimal data center management approach post 2025 (expiration of current contract) along with a comprehensive plan to achieve this outcome. Conduct required financial, legal and business impact analysis for various options to manage CPCG’s data center requirements post 2025. Be the Innovapost prime for DC vendor and advise on licensing and contracts disposition and associated roadmap for decommissioning off the current on-premise data center provider to the recommended approach. Manage IT investments (financial and technology) decisions for our existing DC IT Infrastructure in coming years in line with the proposed long-term DC and cloud strategy Engage with stakeholders across the organization to understand current state of the on-premise data center contracts, and underlying legal, financial obligations and timing sensitivities Develop a financial model for future cost savings of migrating off the current on-premise data center provider based on optimizations derived by renegotiating licenses and contracts for managed services, platform and 3rd party products including the current Azure cloud services Present findings to executive stakeholders in a clear and concise manner Domain knowledge: Deep understanding of IT Infrastructure ecosystem and leading-edge Datacenter technologies as well as knowledge and understanding of IaaS, PaaS, and managed services related to IT infrastructure services Business Analysis: understanding of business case development; able to effectively gather information across domains; able to synthesize information, conduct quantitative analysis, and provide recommendations Datacenter Financial Management: strong knowledge of datacenter operations and financial implications of products and services provided 3rd party operators Stakeholder Management: 10+ experience in collaborating with multiple stakeholders internally; work with all types of organization stakeholders including senior executives, management team, business partners and technical staff Legal Analysis: ability to understands contracts and absorb key legal terms and their implications on the business from a risk perspective and financial exposure License and Contract Negotiations: ability to negotiate terms and conditions that provide a risk-free and optimal path forward for our organization and 3rd parties w.r.t. outstanding contracts and licenses. 10+ years of experience in IT data center management Previous experience in providing strategic advice to (IT) executive on vendor management and strategy Enhanced Reliability Security Clearance 5+ years of experience in commercial contract negotiations and vendor management is highly desirable Experience in IT Service Management Experience in one or more Agile and/or Cloud transformations i.e. transitioning from traditional IT methodologies to a cloud environment Academic: undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (required) Graduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (Asset) Certifications with one or more of the leading CSPs (Asset) Minimum 10 years’ experience in progressively advancing roles within IT. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation 
ScrapedJobID1163:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 1+ years of technical/team lead experience within a cloud/SaaS-based software product company Extensive background with DevOps/SRE and CI/CD principles; experience with software delivery to public cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) and IaC is imperative Extensive experience with AKS/Kubernetes, DevOps automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, etc., and development with source control is crucial Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1164:
Experience designing and writing multi-process, or multi-threaded, firmware running within an RTOS and/or embedded POSIX compliant OS/or QNX operating system. 
ScrapedJobID1165:
Work with customers (internal/remotely/onsite) for requirement gathering and project deployments Create high-level and detailed design, implementation, operational and test documentation Develop software solutions encompassing specific functions, automation, JavaScript, or custom tools Adhere to and contribute to the team’s best practices and continual improvement initiatives Deliver customized solution via a workshop and/or technical training to the customer Provide support to customers integrating OSS systems with the Network Management products (SDWAN, Optical, IP) Develop and optimize customer use case scenarios, workflow automation to allow customer day-to-day operations Bsc in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent Fluent English At least 4 years’ working experience Proficiency in at least two software languages (Python/Shell/Javascript etc) General understanding of networking technologies and protocols (e.g., IP/MPLS/Ethernet, routing, network OAM) Knowledge of and/or hands-on experience with web services and interfaces (e.g., SOAP, REST,YANG,NETCONF) Strong troubleshooting experience Strong customer orientation and communications skills Eagerness to learn software development, scripting languages and technologies Knowledge of SDLC in an agile, waterfall, or DevOps environment Experience with Java (OOP) Object Oriented Programming Linux based Operating Systems Knowledge of and/or hands-on experience with Virtualization, cloud providers, and containers technologies (e.g., VMWare/KVM) Knowledge of database systems and hands on experience with SQL (e.g., Oracle, MySQL) 
ScrapedJobID1166:
Improve and evolve team and operational procedures to establish best in class capabilities for Security Event governance, cyber incident detection, response and remediation. You will work with technology and infrastructure leaders from across the LCL family of companies and key suppliers, partners, vendors, and managed service providers. You will bring a strong network of security companies, contacts and experience to help lead and build the capabilities to react swiftly and contain cyber threats effectively. Your deep knowledge of securing enterprise architecture, security threats, tactics, techniques and procedures used by threat actors, security and enterprise IT operations, processes and incident and change management, will help you to conduct event monitoring , participate in cyber incident response process to support this mandate. Supplier management and service management skills will be critical to ensure valued delivery and execution of managed security services to LCL. Collaborate with security teams (compliance, risk, architecture and operations) to provide updates and knowledge on all cloud security activities to colleagues across IT K nowledge of Splunk and other monitoring tools, demonstrating both Engineering, Governance, and operation experience . G ood working knowledge of and direct prior experience with enterprise security technologies: Security monitoring and management for cloud Azure Security Center, Azure Sentinel and GCP Cloud Security Command Center Cloud Application Security, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) Security Tools (IDS/IPS, SIEM, Splunk, Packet capturing, forensic encase, AV , DLP , EDR , NAC , email security) Security automation and orchestration tools ( Demisto , Phantom, Cyber Response, ServiceNow Security) Administ ration of Splunk SAAS console including access administration, SAAS capacity management Participate in new log source ingestion/integration, use case development discussions, and provide SME input Scripting knowledge (VBS/JS, Powershell , Bash, Python is an asset In formation security certification is an asset. Experience and/or knowledge of security and privacy enhancing technologies such as identity management, application security and network security technologies Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1167:
Design, build and operationalize large scale enterprise data solutions and using AWS data and analytics services Demonstrates strong understanding of AWS cloud services especially in the data engineering and analytics space Analyze, re-architect and re-platform on premise big data platforms to AWS Work will also encompass creating & developing solution designs for data acquisition/ ingestion of varied data sets (internal/external), data integrations & data warehouse/marts Collaborate with business partners, product owners, stakeholders, functional experts, business analysts, IT architecture, and developers to develop solution designs adhering to architecture standards. Responsible for monitoring and ensuring that solutions adhere to enterprise data governance & design standards Act as a point of contact to resolve architectural, technical and solution related challenges from delivery teams Advocate importance of data catalogs, data governance and data quality practices. Work in an Agile delivery framework to evolve data models and solution designs to deliver value incrementally Self-starter with experience working in a fast-paced agile development environment Strong mentoring and coaching skills and ability to lead by example for junior team members Outcome focused with strong decision making and critical thinking skills to challenge the status quo which impacts delivery pace and performance 5+ years of experience designing solutions for data lakes, data integrations, data warehouses/marts 2+ years of experience in Insurance, Property & Casualty Insurance domain is ideal Strong knowledge/ experience with data technologies & tools (Hadoop, PostgreSQL, Informatica, etc.,) Excellent knowledge and experience in ETL with Informatica product suite Knowledge/experience in Cloud Data Lake Design – pref AWS technologies like S3, EMR, Redshift, Snowflake, could data catalog etc., Experience in working on target state architecture and solution blueprints for AWS. Experience implementing Data Governance principles Understanding of reporting/analytics tools (QlikSense, SAP Business Objects, SAS, DataIku, etc.,) 
ScrapedJobID1168:
Creating full stack of space robotic software, from the lowest level real-time firmware to high-level autonomy, and from ground station communications networks to high-fidelity simulations and data visualization (C, C++, TypeScript); Taking a technical leadership role in ground and flight segment software development cycle from requirements definition, R&D, prototyping, flight development, V&V and flight operations; Performing code reviews and testing to ensure software quality is high and requirements are met; Conducting research and development activities and keeping up with state-of-the-art techniques in your field of expertise; Implementing perception, localization, control and machine learning algorithms for embedded and cloud computing platforms; Diagnosing and repairing technical issues with a robot in the lab or in an outdoor environment; ©Mission Control Space Services Inc., 2020 MCSS.1756 Use, duplication or disclosure of this document or any of the information contained herein is subject to the Proprietary Notice at the front of this document. Contributing to our office culture with a positive and start-up-oriented attitude– we have a collegial team with a wide range of hobbies and interests Additional tasks may include: Presenting results to customer and partnering organizations; Developing and proposing concepts to potential customers; Experience or demonstrated interest in machine vision, machine learning and/or deep learning and associated libraries; Experience or demonstrated interest in developing software operating on real-time and distributed systems, particularly on ground segment software and data handling for space systems or embedded software operating on space systems; Past hands-on experience or demonstrated interest in mobile robotics (e.g. UGVs, UAVs) and sensor hardware (e.g. stereo cameras, IMU, LiDAR) Experience or demonstrated interest in front end and user experience design; Experience or demonstrated interest in virtual reality, mixed reality and augmented reality systems Monday to Friday flight segment software development: 3 years (Required) code reviews and testing: 3 years (Required) C, C++, TypeScript: 5 years (Required) mobile robotics (e.g. UGVs, UAVs: 5 years (Required) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) Ottawa, ON (Required) 
ScrapedJobID1169:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1170:
Build a scalable and efficient data infrastructure and own the data sets within it. Collaborate with Software Development and IT Support to research, design, and implement Data solutions for the firm Responsible for acquisition, organization, validity, integrity and accessibility of all Data products Responsible for data architecture and data infrastructure strategy of the firm Research and implement new technologies to help increase scale Establish and document data management best practices Bachelors or Masters degree in a relevant technical field. Several years of experience working with data engineering and databases Strong programing experience and technical skills (Python, SQL and Excel). Experience developing, managing, and optimizing big data architectures and pipelines Experience working with query authoring, relational databases, and a familiarity with a variety of databases (SQL, No SQL and Distributed) Experience working with cloud-based data solutions (e.g., Redshift, EC2, Azure and Snowflake) System monitoring, alerting, and dashboarding experience Experience with tools such as Hadoop, Kafka, and Spark Machine learning and statistics skillset is an asset Knowledge of financial market data is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1171:
Provide technical support to customers using Google Cloud Platform products, solutions and application program interfaces (APIs) Identify and document product bugs and feature requests and work alongside internal support teams as well as customers to implement effective solutions Partner with support teams to improve cloud products at a senior level, suggesting and making changes to the product code Provide assistance and mentorship to users through public forums, third party and Google-owned Strong knowledge of Linux/UNIX Experience troubleshooting Linux performance (CPU, memory, I/O) and familiarity with common Linux troubleshooting tools (vmstat, iostat, lsof, strace, etc.) Strong understanding of administration (user accounts, permission models, access control) Familiarity with networking (NAT, DNS, firewalls, basic routing, load balancing, etc.) Demonstrate comprehensive troubleshooting tactics Resourcefulness and strong research skills Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. Experience with virtual machines (Google Compute Engine, VMware, Amazon EC2, etc.) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes Experience with Shell Scripting Familiarity with web and mail protocols (HTTP, TLS, SMTP, etc.) Familiarity with modern API technologies (OAuth, HTTP RPCs, REST) Familiarity with SQL (any dialect) Monday to Friday Linux: 3 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 2 years (preferred) Network support: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1172:
Ability to collaborate with senior leaders from Business and Technology to design long-term Business-Technology roadmap for individual Salesforce orgs Ability to design and implement Enterprise Org strategy for multiple Salesforce orgs Bank-wide Completed multiple Enterprise level Salesforce platform implementations Work with cross-team product owners, developers and test engineers to support QA processes Establish and enforce governance for implementing Salesforce at the Bank Must be well versed with Apex, Visual Force Pages, Salesforce Lightning Components and Integration Patterns. Must have worked on at least one of the middleware products or have some level of understanding on Talend, Jitterbit, Informatica, Mulesoft etc. Must be familiar with Integrating Salesforce with other cloud based application systems using REST, SOAP API. Must have worked on Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Financial Services Cloud Strong communication and leadership skills Minimum 7 years of experience in Salesforce platform and overall 12 + years of experience in enterprise systems. Minimum of 2+ year experience on Salesforce Lightning Components and Aura Framework. Experience with deployment processes and release pipelines. Eg : Jenkins, Bitbucket/Git, Salesforce DX Good understanding of package-based deployments, Metadata API and Ant. Hands-on experience on tools like Data Loader, Data Stage, Talend, Mulesoft Strong working knowledge on HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Investigate failures, perform root cause analysis and utilize internal defect tracking tool to create detailed, high quality error report Ability to work in cross functional teams using agile methodologies like SCRUM/Kanban We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1173:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Co-ordinate with multiple data source teams in getting data published to Kafka and getting the same to BI Datawarehouse Building Scalable Data Pipelines Mentor Junior resources and drive end to end design, implementation and delivery of engineering components. Communicate with and educate both senior and junior colleagues to further embed data science and analytics across the organization Strive for continuous improvement of code quality and development practices Willingness to adapt to and self-learn new technologies and deliver on them. Building and maintaining solutions on highly available environments. Working knowledge of CI/CD Working knowledge of building data integrity checks as part of delivery of applications. Technical expertise to build code that is performant as well as secure. Technical depth and vision to perform POC’s and evaluate different technologies. Translate business issues to technical terms. Understand, leverage and apply best practices effectively. Also leads by example and comes up with coding standards and best practices for technology. Anticipate system/application challenges and proposes solutions for the same. Contribute to story sizing and work estimates for implementation, validation, delivery and documentation. Review user stories to ensure a quality user experience, well-defined acceptance criteria and thorough test coverage. Participate in design and code review to ensure quality and testability of feature code. BS in Computer Science or related 5+ years of experience as a Software developer in BI space is needed Experience working with Snowflake & Kafka technologies is a must Working experience of scripting, data science and analytics (SQL, Python, PowerShell, JavaScript) is needed 2+ Years of performance tuning and optimization, bottleneck problems analysis, and technical troubleshooting in a sometimes, ambiguous environment. 2+ Years working with Azure cloud based systems Experience with Azure SQL Services Expertise in designing data pipelines , table structures, and sql queries Working experience with reporting layer (ssrs / powerbi / ssas) is desirable Design, implement and monitor 'best practices' for Dev framework Experience working with large volume data; retail experience strongly desired. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty & kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID1174:

ScrapedJobID1175:

ScrapedJobID1176:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1177:
Authentication and Authorization systems utilizing both Linux based LDAP systems and Microsoft Windows based Active Directory (AD) systems Produce and review professional high-quality documentation Improve software design, development and execution capabilities using business unit domain knowledge Contributes to manpower / resource planning and scheduling Perform software-utilizing activities both SQL and NoSQL based databases to store and retrieve data Conduct testing and evaluating new programs Provide mentoring and technical guidance / coaching to others Writing and implementing efficient code Deploying software tools, processes and metrics Support software that interfaces with this client's technologies Systems as well as vendor supplied products\ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, a technical diploma or related discipline required Experience working in a technical leadership role Minimum 7+ years’ direct work experience in the development and maintenance of complex and integrated systems in a large enterprise environment Must know programming languages such as SQL, Javascript, HTML, and CSS and SCSS Strong knowledge of .NET, C# Vue framework experience is preferred Strong understanding of In-depth use of networking capabilities within software systems Knowledge of software testing procedures and frameworks Understanding technical architectures and configuration, including cloud and micro-service based systems The support and maintenance of enterprise scale software Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Strong web architecture knowledge Must have the ability to communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members Willingness to work flexible hours when project requires it Assignment Length: Permanent Start Date: ASAP Location: Must be open to transitioning into hybrid work model from the Burnaby office. 
ScrapedJobID1178:
Provide oversight of automation of repetitive or high volume manual test cases to increase testing efficiency and minimize test cycle durations. Support other automation specialists as automation tool’s system administrator. Create performance test scripts based on requirements Design/Develop automated test scripts based on complex manual tests to improve the productivity of the testing team. Design and develop automation framework for complex systems involving end to end business scenarios Devise and develop new innovative automation ideas on new initiatives developed using agile methodology Elicit requirements from the development, functional test and/or business teams want as input to the design, development, execution and maintenance of effective automation test scripts using Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT or an equivalent automation tool for the applications or systems under test. Build automations test strategies and test frameworks based on the planned scope. Create Performance testing scripts using MF Loadrunner based on non-functional requirements Maintain existing or newly built automation test scripts for ongoing changes and maintenance to applications under test. Manage the storage, scheduling and execution of automation test scripts including tracking any issues and defects within Tricentis qTest or Jira. Review results of the tests with various IS teams and clarify any observations. Make recommendations as required to improve the quality. Provide thought leadership on the use of Quality Assurance automation testing tools and processes to ensure CP delivers the highest possible quality software aligned with IT industry best practices. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or in Commerce/Business Administration or equivalent; Certification in Software Quality (American Society for Quality - Certified Software Quality Engineer) or equivalent experience; Minimum 5 years’ experience across a broad base of IT disciplines including software development, software design, software architecture and/or software testing for legacy, web and SAP environments; Minimum 5 years’ experience in IT quality assurance and / or quality control activities for major initiatives; Minimum 5 years of experience on automation tools like Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT; Minimum 5 years of experience on MF Loadrunner or Performance Center; Certification in one of the following disciplines:
CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer;
CSTE - Certified Software Tester;
ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer; CSTE - Certified Software Tester; ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; Experience with and effective use of test management tools such as Tricentis qTest or MF ALM, test automation tools such as Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT, Postman and Performance testing tool such as MF Loadrunner is a must; Specific experience in the following:
Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies;
Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers;
Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications;
Ability to provide recommendations based on test results;
Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards;
Ability to implement change and best practices successfully;
Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills;
Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals;
Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers;
Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly;
Keen attention to detail;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies; Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers; Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications; Ability to provide recommendations based on test results; Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards; Ability to implement change and best practices successfully; Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills; Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals; Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers; Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly; Keen attention to detail; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Full-time, Permanent Calgary, A.B. / Winnipeg, MB., / Mississauga, O.N. 
ScrapedJobID1179:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Co-ordinate with multiple data source teams in getting data published to Kafka and getting the same to BI Datawarehouse Building Scalable Data Pipelines Mentor Junior resources and drive end to end design, implementation and delivery of engineering components. Communicate with and educate both senior and junior colleagues to further embed data science and analytics across the organization Strive for continuous improvement of code quality and development practices Willingness to adapt to and self-learn new technologies and deliver on them. Building and maintaining solutions on highly available environments. Working knowledge of CI/CD Working knowledge of building data integrity checks as part of delivery of applications. Technical expertise to build code that is performant as well as secure. Technical depth and vision to perform POC’s and evaluate different technologies. Translate business issues to technical terms. Understand, leverage and apply best practices effectively. Also leads by example and comes up with coding standards and best practices for technology. Anticipate system/application challenges and proposes solutions for the same. Contribute to story sizing and work estimates for implementation, validation, delivery and documentation. Review user stories to ensure a quality user experience, well-defined acceptance criteria and thorough test coverage. Participate in design and code review to ensure quality and testability of feature code. BS in Computer Science or related 5+ years of experience as a Software developer in BI space is needed Experience working with Snowflake & Kafka technologies is a must Working experience of scripting, data science and analytics (SQL, Python, PowerShell, JavaScript) is needed 2+ Years of performance tuning and optimization, bottleneck problems analysis, and technical troubleshooting in a sometimes, ambiguous environment. 2+ Years working with Azure cloud based systems Experience with Azure SQL Services Expertise in designing data pipelines , table structures, and sql queries Working experience with reporting layer (ssrs / powerbi / ssas) is desirable Design, implement and monitor 'best practices' for Dev framework Experience working with large volume data; retail experience strongly desired. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty & kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. 
ScrapedJobID1180:
Drive the design, planning, and implementation of multifaceted applications, giving you breadth and depth of knowledge across the entire project lifecycle. Be constantly learning; evaluate new technologies and implement best practices to provide scalable solutions. Build thought-leadership while matching needs to solutions, establishing best practices, and mentoring team members. Manage the scope and deliverables of a global team throughout the development lifecycle. 
ScrapedJobID1181:
Write code to develop new services and enhancements to existing Java microservices and applications using best practice design patterns to ensure robust scalability. Ensure compatibility and interoperability of the product API with external API consumers. Implement application designs that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs. Act as a mentor to junior software engineers. Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 years’ experience programming in Java in Linux and/or Windows environment and in cloud computing (AWS, Azure or Google cloud) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM, etc. In-depth understanding of API gateway products, API security policies & API traffic management policies Proficient in CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, etc. Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices such as Agile project management, coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Strong communication skills and commitment to teamwork Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Proven leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver Software Engineering: 5 years (Required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1182:
Work in cross-functional SCRUM teams to produce and release new applications, features, and enhancements to improve the user experience, applying the full understanding of software engineering discipline and industry best practices Design and rapidly prototype proposed solutions Work closely with senior development team members in major architecture projects, design and implementation Ensure the quality of the applications by using various types of automated testing methods in a continuous integration environment Resolve defects/bugs during pre-production, production, and post-release patches Coordinates technical dependencies with other SCRUM teams Participate in code reviews, analysis, and performance tuning Collaborate with other engineers to share best practices and knowledge of emerging technologies Work with a sense of urgency; embrace mistakes, learn from them, and drive the team toward success 5+ years of professional software development experience building single page web applications with RESTful web services on Windows Post-Secondary Degree in computer science, software engineering or related discipline or equivalent working experience Programming experience developing full stack web applications with the following technologies: C#.Net, JavaScript/TypeScript, JSON, HTML5/CSS, Angular, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing web applications for a commercial SaaS vendor/ISV Experience with design/implementation of microservice architecture Cloud infrastructure platforms such as AWS or Azure or Google Fluent with Microsoft tool set (TFS, Visual Studio, PowerShell), Git Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Demonstrated ability for attention to detail and passion for high quality software Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1183:
Provide technical support to customers using Google Cloud Platform products, solutions and application program interfaces (APIs) Identify and document product bugs and feature requests and work alongside internal support teams as well as customers to implement effective solutions Partner with support teams to improve cloud products at a senior level, suggesting and making changes to the product code Provide assistance and mentorship to users through public forums, third party and Google-owned Strong knowledge of Linux/UNIX Experience troubleshooting Linux performance (CPU, memory, I/O) and familiarity with common Linux troubleshooting tools (vmstat, iostat, lsof, strace, etc.) Strong understanding of administration (user accounts, permission models, access control) Familiarity with networking (NAT, DNS, firewalls, basic routing, load balancing, etc.) Demonstrate comprehensive troubleshooting tactics Resourcefulness and strong research skills Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. Experience with virtual machines (Google Compute Engine, VMware, Amazon EC2, etc.) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes Experience with Shell Scripting Familiarity with web and mail protocols (HTTP, TLS, SMTP, etc.) Familiarity with modern API technologies (OAuth, HTTP RPCs, REST) Familiarity with SQL (any dialect) Monday to Friday Linux: 3 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 2 years (preferred) Network support: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1184:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1185:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design and implement test case automation in a Java-based test automation framework. Work with design team and verification engineer to gather requirement on test case design. Assist continuous integration team in deploying test cases in the continuous integration flow. Configure and troubleshoot automation test environment, including the setup of DU/vDU, UE and UE simulators. Debug, collect and discover new requirements to improve test automation framework. Solid Java development skill in Linux environment. 5-10 years of experience in test automation for embedded software. Strong understanding of integration test methodology and test automation design. Knowledge of Cloud-Native infrastructure based on Kubernetes/Docker microservices and containers. Knowledge of mobile network architecture, 3GPP standards for physical layer, signaling layer and protocol layer, TCP/IP inter-networking. You are a self-learner and are comfortable in picking up knowledge from documentation, wiki pages and forums. You enjoy problem-solving and making things work. You have a friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1186:
Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. 5+ years of web-based product management experience; 5+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Comprendre et interpréter l’information afin de développer des hypothèses, définir des expériences pour prouver ou infirmer ces dernières et les mener à terme ; Déterminer, prioriser et évaluer les opportunités présentant le potentiel le plus élevé, puis faire des recommandations en relation avec des projets clés afin de fidéliser et conserver notre clientèle ; Mettre en oeuvre des techniques de développement de la clientèle, de la découverte à la validation, dans le but d’améliorer l’expérience client et de formuler des recommandations ; Coordonner, suivre, analyser et communiquer les objectifs d’affaires pour les produits et les projets ; Transposer de manière efficace les besoins commerciaux en exigences techniques ; Optimiser les produits existants qui représentent un gain différentiel pour l’entreprise ; Collaborer avec l’équipe de développement et de marketing pour évaluer les options techniques ; Participer au traitement du backlog et à la planification des sprints et stand ups quotidiens ; Diriger les activités en matière de planification de release ; Mener les tests d’acceptation ; Mettre en place des KPI pour évaluer les résultats de la performance des projets complétés et recommander de futures améliorations ; Gérer les exigences, le développement et les relations de partenariat d’une plateforme tierce, tel que nécessaire pour supporter les objectifs internes des intervenants. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en gestion de produit Web ; Plus de 5 ans d’expérience avec Node.js ou avec une plateforme similaire ; Plus de 3 ans d’expérience dans un environnement test d’approche CI/CD ; Excellentes connaissances requises en déploiement avec Kubernetes (K8s) ou des systèmes s’en rapprochant ; Diplôme universitaire dans une discipline connexe ou à orientation technique ; Fortes compétences relationnelles et en travail d’équipe ; Aptitudes analytiques exceptionnelles, visant la prise de décisions basées sur l’interprétation de données. 
ScrapedJobID1187:
Champion a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Lead a team of 20 + Managers, Engineers, and be the Technology specialist for teams situated across multiple sites. Develop and grow talent through effective mentoring and succession planning for key talent. Help your team prioritize, negotiate, and remove obstacles to ensure quality product launches Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite, risk culture, regulatory and compliance needs should be considered in everyday decision making. Practice and encourage metrics informed decision making & hypothesis driven product development, in the team and also in the organization. Actively collaborate with other Engineering, enterprise architecture, and cyber security teams, providing them with engineering & architectural context, and engaging them to build the right products on time. Foster relation with key stakeholders, communicate frequently, and keep them informed Continuously perform customer need analysis and understand business pain points. Identify the biggest problems to solve to build & own the roadmap. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 10+ years of experience building Backend and/or front-ends systems, and shipping cloud-native financial services for capital markets. 5+ years building Java based services, and React or Angular or Vue based frontends 5+ years of experience managing technology products and end-to-end digital journeys 5+ years of experience building Micro-services and API based digital solutions 3+ years of experience building Messaging/Event based architecture (Kafka), and scaling services horizontally on private and public clouds Ability to prioritize work while multi-tasking on several high-profile projects with a keen eye on details. Deep understanding of Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, cloud-based deployment knowledge Nice to have:
Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus
Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery
Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting 
ScrapedJobID1188:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Responsible for Enterprise Kubernetes platform supporting multiple teams/organizations Contributes to development of new solutioning principles, concepts, and best practices for managing containers, pods and Kubernetes networking. Expertise of engineering practices. Integrates broad working knowledge in related disciplines to create integrated engineering solutions for complex business situations. Advanced knowledge in Cloud (AWS/Azure) engineering and architecture, as well as automated application deployment and practical security methodology Proficiency and experience with concepts and technologies used in software development, operations, security, cloud, microservices, containers, and scheduling platforms Ability to work well in a highly dynamic environment that focuses on providing outstanding customer service Comfort working remotely and perform well given a high level of independence and autonomy Serves as lead engineering resource in cross functional teams dealing with challenging engineering problems and opportunities. Articulate technical functionality of Kubernetes, Vault and infrastructure platforms to multiple technical audiences. Educate and advise users on how to adopt the functionality of infrastructure platform products within their strategy and processes to achieve measurable value. Translate application team needs into technical solutions and product requirements. Influences decisions that impact critical long term IT strategy for organizational success. Provides thought leadership to ensure that systems and services are designed, and operating to achieve optimal levels of performance, reliability, and sustainability. Understands, identifies, and measures across multiple organizations. Supports/mentors skill development in team Demonstrates ability to coach team members around best practices for delivering high performant and scalable solutions. Mentors team members on secure coding best practices 7+ years of related work experience working in high performance or distributed systems, with direct work experience across a variety of Cloud Infrastructure disciplines, preferably on global scale. Expert experience working with AWS Cloud Infrastructure, Kubernetes, CI/CD. 2 years’ experience with container technologies such as Docker or Kubernetes or any major Platform as a Service (PaaS) solutions like Rancher, OpenShift or PCF 2 years’ experience with DevSecOps tools and processes to include, but not limited to Git, JFrog Artifactory, SonarQube, sysdig, tekton, etc., Design, code, and maintain Kubernetes add-ons, Custom Controllers, CRDs, runtime tooling, with a focus on improving product engineer experience with our Kubernetes-based platform. Ability to operationalize code with proper tracing, metrics, logging, monitoring and alerts. Experience with observability products (such as Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog, etc.) Build traffic routing, service discovery, secrets, and access control solutions Knowledge on networking, load balancing, DNS with UNIX/Linux system administration Deep familiarity with microservices architectures, and ideally have seen them in operation at a global scale Possess strong understanding of security principles Able to knowledgeably discuss performance, security, and user interactions in complex systems Built or operated a large-scale Cloud service Takes ownership and follows through on tasks; drives decisions; results-oriented Flexible and able to handle multiple priorities Creative, innovative thinking, intellectual curiosity Problem-solving and sound judgment Strong organizational and time management skills; ability to multi-task Strong attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication & presentation skills with all audiences Strong interpersonal skills with proven leadership Strategic thinker Technology Evangelist Acts with speed, simplicity, and decisiveness Good to have: Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)/ Developer (CKAD)/ Security (CKS) Cloud certifications in AWS Certified DevOps Engineer, AWS Certified Solutions Architect Proven work ethic with utmost integrity Self-awareness, with a desire for constant self-improvement (goal–oriented) Entrepreneurial spirit and an egoless nature Self-motivated, passionate, empathetic, approachable Outgoing, energetic, upbeat, and fun! Strong interpersonal skills Demonstrated willingness to be flexible and adaptable to changing priorities Desire to excel and succeed 
ScrapedJobID1189:
B.S. degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Information Technology, or similar field 6+ years of RF circuit and systems design/architecture experience from requirement analysis to circuit simulation to board layout to testing. Exposure to private and/or public cloud in a RF/wireless/telecommunications domain is a strong asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1190:
Web Application developed in ASP.NET Core 5.0. Database development and integration (AWS DynamoDB). Containerized application components. Continuous development and delivery in incremental releases using CICD pipelines. Enhanced security and data governance. Documentation and annotated codebase with version control. Tier 2 support of users and stakeholders regarding technical matters. Develop documentation & procedures for Tier 2 support Train staff on above 5+ years in Software Engineer experience
Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development.
Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members.
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team.
Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability.
Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues.
Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development. Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members. Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes. Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team. Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability. Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues. Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Full-stack .NET developer
SQL server 2019
ASP.NET
.Net Core 5
Razor/MVC
Entity Framework Core
Advanced LINQ SQL server 2019 ASP.NET .Net Core 5 Razor/MVC Entity Framework Core Advanced LINQ Web Technologies:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript/Typescript
C#
JSON
JQuery
Bootstrap 4
Third-party JS libraries
Asynchronous communication
REST APIs HTML CSS JavaScript/Typescript C# JSON JQuery Bootstrap 4 Third-party JS libraries Asynchronous communication REST APIs Software Engineering Skills
Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit
Architecture and database design skills
Dependency injection
Maintain multiple branches
Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD)
Containers and cloud-based orchestration services
IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures
DevOps Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit NUnit Architecture and database design skills Dependency injection Maintain multiple branches Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD) Containers and cloud-based orchestration services IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures DevOps Collaboration Tools
GitHub
Draw.io
Slack GitHub Draw.io Slack 
ScrapedJobID1191:

ScrapedJobID1192:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1193:

ScrapedJobID1194:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering/Information Technology or a related field of study, or equivalent level of education and experience. 7+ years of experience with data analytics, developing and maintaining data warehouses to feed advanced analytics and deploying analytical models within an organization. 7+ years of experience designing conceptual, logical and physical data models to structure complex data into a data warehouse aligning to the overall enterprise architecture. Experience with cloud-based data warehouse architecture preferably in Azure. Experience developing cloud-based solutions using Microsoft Azure Data Stack (ADFv2, Azure Data Lake Gen2, Azure Databricks, Analysis Services, Azure Functions, etc.). Experience with big data processing frameworks and techniques such as HDFS, MapReduce, Spark, Hive etc. Experience with Machine learning pipelines and data modelling, Stored Procedures, REST API creation and consumption. Experience building CI/CD pipelines. Expertise in one of the Data modeling and architecture tools such as Erwin, Power designer, SQL DBM etc. Advanced skill with Excel, Python, SQL, NoSQL, R, Power BI, GIT, PowerShell, CLI. Advanced coding skills and practices (concurrency, distributed systems, functional principles, performance optimization). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Work closely with data engineers, data analysts and solution architects to design, build and maintain batch and real-time reusable production data pipelines for large sets of data. Solution complex data engineering problems to directly support and deliver for strategic data initiatives. Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality. Ensure data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. Improve and automate, where possible, the data pipelines for workforce data analytics, and integrations between various systems. Translate data requirements into detailed designs and pipeline architecture, ensuring proper documentation of methodology. Drive thought leadership and define best practices around data extraction, data modeling, consumption, and governance. Create logical and physical data models and restructure data warehouse based on latest architectures, tools, and technology. Adapt to new technologies in Microsoft Azure Cloud. 
ScrapedJobID1195:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1196:
Data Engineer with 5+ years of experience Must Have 3+ years in Scala, PySpark coding experience; Extensive experience in integrating any Big Data tools and frameworks (preferred Azure). Implementing the Ingestion & ETL/ELT processes using ADF. Extensive experience on Hadoop tools/technologies like Spark (Strong in Spark). Proficiency in any of the programming language: Scala or Python. Must have experience in Cloud infrastructures like MS Azure, Data Lake, data bricks etc. Good working knowledge in NoSQL DB (Mongo, HBase, Casandra). Must have experience of designing, developing, and deploying big data project/s into production. Implemented complex projects dealing with the considerable data size (TB/ PB) and with high complexity in the production environment. Experience in designing and implementing an enterprise data lake. Experience in Big Data Management and Big Data Governance. 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1197:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1198:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1199:
Collaborate with product managers and developers to develop test strategy, test plan, and test cases Develop and execute functional and non-functional test cases for all phases of testing: system, integration and user acceptance testing, and report defects and document them clearly for engineers Develop a test automation framework and coordinate with cross-functional teams to resolve roadblocks for automation Develop and maintain test environments, test scripts and test data to automate testing and improve the quality and project timelines Ability to triage and reproduce production issues in collaboration with business teams and engineers 5+ years of quality assurance background with experience developing test strategy, test plans, testing methodologies, defect reporting 3+ years of experience with automation tools such as selenium webdriver, Postman, etc. Experience at an eCommerce company and an agile environment is strongly preferred Experience in Source control environment and cloud environment an asset Basic SQL knowledge is a plus BS/BA degree or Diploma Strong SDLC experience with knowledge of quality assurance processes, tools and metrics Prior on-hands experience with test automation tools for web, mobile, and API testing Experience with project and defect tracking tools such as Jira, etc. Proven ability to manage multiple projects and evolving priorities at a fast pace Strong communication skills and ability to work cross functionally and collaboratively with other departments and teams Curious Approachable Passionate Solutions finder Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more... Office environment 
ScrapedJobID1200:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Design, build and deploy Data Pipelines on Azure and Google Cloud for Operational Data including Historian time series data, SQL server databases and unstructured data sources. Solve complex technical problems with legacy systems to overcome technical roadblocks preventing data migration to the cloud platform. Perform pipeline data validation and ensure that data delivery, data security and data quality are not compromised Provide and develop monitoring and performance metrics for data-pipelines to measure and ensure performance KPIs are met. Maintain application and system documentation Facilitate and support incident response and forensics for pipelines on Google Cloud Platform Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline, and experience in the data field Hands-on experience with Azure or Google Cloud Platform, relational databases and ETL methodology, strong scripting skills. Experience with Azure data products including DataFactory, DataBricks, IOT Hub and EventHub Relational and non-relational data stores design and deployment, including data retention and archiving strategy Data processing management and development, including real-time data ingestion and batch processing Data solutions monitoring and optimization for BLOB, Data Lake and relational stores Design data solutions for data security and compliance, including endpoints security, use of reliable authentication methods, data encryption, data masking, auditing and data classification. Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and analytics techniques Demonstrated problem solving ability Familiarity with programming technologies and languages such as Java, T-SQL, .NET C# and Visual Basic, Python, SSIS, CDAP APIs. Knowledge of general computer controls related to operations, information security and change management of systems software, application source code, network, and system database technologies Strong cross-functional team participant and collaborative approach to problem solving 
ScrapedJobID1201:
Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems 
ScrapedJobID1202:
Champion a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Lead a team of 20 + Managers, Engineers, and be the Technology specialist for teams situated across multiple sites. Develop and grow talent through effective mentoring and succession planning for key talent. Help your team prioritize, negotiate, and remove obstacles to ensure quality product launches Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite, risk culture, regulatory and compliance needs should be considered in everyday decision making. Practice and encourage metrics informed decision making & hypothesis driven product development, in the team and also in the organization. Actively collaborate with other Engineering, enterprise architecture, and cyber security teams, providing them with engineering & architectural context, and engaging them to build the right products on time. Foster relation with key stakeholders, communicate frequently, and keep them informed Continuously perform customer need analysis and understand business pain points. Identify the biggest problems to solve to build & own the roadmap. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 10+ years of experience building Backend and/or front-ends systems, and shipping cloud-native financial services for capital markets. 5+ years building Java based services, and React or Angular or Vue based frontends 5+ years of experience managing technology products and end-to-end digital journeys 5+ years of experience building Micro-services and API based digital solutions 3+ years of experience building Messaging/Event based architecture (Kafka), and scaling services horizontally on private and public clouds Ability to prioritize work while multi-tasking on several high-profile projects with a keen eye on details. Deep understanding of Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, cloud-based deployment knowledge Nice to have:
Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus
Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery
Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting 
ScrapedJobID1203:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1204:
7+yrs working experience in distributed and, or cloud-based systems Expertise in Java - Java 8+ Fantastic knowledge of data structures and algorithms Great understanding of object-oriented programming Great understanding of multithreading and concurrency Excellent verbal and written communication skills A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field experience with one or more of: Angular, JavaScript, node.js, MongoDB, Apache Kafka, Spring Boot Familiarity with network and web security Experience with network programming, protocols, and analysis Experience with reactive programming paradigms Cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID1205:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1206:
6+ years of experience in managing teams of 5-10 engineers and a proven track record of leading successful cloud projects required Familiar with cloud-native technologies such as serverless functions, Kubernetes, data lakes/warehouses, and design patterns for scalable, secure, multitenant systems strongly preferred Strong knowledge of data processing and analytics at scale required Excellent communication skills: written, verbal & presentation/facilitation required Strong analytical and problem-solving skills required Knowledge of networking technologies/protocols and network management is an asset Familiarity with AI/ML is also desirable 
ScrapedJobID1207:
Provide oversight of automation of repetitive or high volume manual test cases to increase testing efficiency and minimize test cycle durations. Support other automation specialists as automation tool’s system administrator. Create performance test scripts based on requirements Design/Develop automated test scripts based on complex manual tests to improve the productivity of the testing team. Design and develop automation framework for complex systems involving end to end business scenarios Devise and develop new innovative automation ideas on new initiatives developed using agile methodology Elicit requirements from the development, functional test and/or business teams want as input to the design, development, execution and maintenance of effective automation test scripts using Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT or an equivalent automation tool for the applications or systems under test. Build automations test strategies and test frameworks based on the planned scope. Create Performance testing scripts using MF Loadrunner based on non-functional requirements Maintain existing or newly built automation test scripts for ongoing changes and maintenance to applications under test. Manage the storage, scheduling and execution of automation test scripts including tracking any issues and defects within Tricentis qTest or Jira. Review results of the tests with various IS teams and clarify any observations. Make recommendations as required to improve the quality. Provide thought leadership on the use of Quality Assurance automation testing tools and processes to ensure CP delivers the highest possible quality software aligned with IT industry best practices. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or in Commerce/Business Administration or equivalent; Certification in Software Quality (American Society for Quality - Certified Software Quality Engineer) or equivalent experience; Minimum 5 years’ experience across a broad base of IT disciplines including software development, software design, software architecture and/or software testing for legacy, web and SAP environments; Minimum 5 years’ experience in IT quality assurance and / or quality control activities for major initiatives; Minimum 5 years of experience on automation tools like Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT; Minimum 5 years of experience on MF Loadrunner or Performance Center; Certification in one of the following disciplines:
CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer;
CSTE - Certified Software Tester;
ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer; CSTE - Certified Software Tester; ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; Experience with and effective use of test management tools such as Tricentis qTest or MF ALM, test automation tools such as Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT, Postman and Performance testing tool such as MF Loadrunner is a must; Specific experience in the following:
Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies;
Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers;
Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications;
Ability to provide recommendations based on test results;
Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards;
Ability to implement change and best practices successfully;
Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills;
Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals;
Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers;
Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly;
Keen attention to detail;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies; Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers; Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications; Ability to provide recommendations based on test results; Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards; Ability to implement change and best practices successfully; Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills; Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals; Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers; Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly; Keen attention to detail; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Full-time, Permanent Calgary, A.B. / Winnipeg, MB., / Mississauga, O.N. 
ScrapedJobID1208:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1209:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Lead Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Works with Engineering Lead to understand goals and priorities and strategically approach their work. There is a high level of accountability: an SPE should be able to tactically adjust work to meet shifting timelines and requirements, and speak into the need to increase, decrease, or change scope. Receiving and giving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them Drive value through consistently requiring few iterations on their work and by avoiding critical architectural errors. There should be a focus on thinking first: proposals, outlines, and diagrams should precede complex feature work. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Consistent Delivery of high quality code and meeting/exceeding our code standards Documentation of well considered technical architecture for complex feature work Creation of tangible outputs showing core competency across our stack Mentorship of peers through knowledge sharing Consistent Identification of strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery Proficiency in software design architecture and development. Minimum 5 years using modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, Graph QL or can display equivalent skill level Experienced in Full Stack development You have a strong understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure Strong with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have proficiency in design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience Experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C Eexperience implementing DevOps MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1210:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1211:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Engage with the team to design and develop best-in-class features Collaborate with cross-functional peers as we productize your work Support the team to resolve issues reported by our customers Innovate as you research new technologies and resolve complex problems Share well developed product knowledge with peers, internal customers and new entrants into department Construct and contribute to major project high level design strategy Play an active role in assisting manager on delivery related activities Recommend innovative solutions with a total system view and add to the patent portfolio Promote a positive team environment that uses the combined strengths of individual members to achieve organizational goals Define system and architecture and/or write customer product specifications Help the team define the roadmap and make decisions Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering program Minimum 5 years of professional experience as a developer in the related domain Experience designing and developing scalable, high-performance, and highly-available embedded and/or server applications Experience developing client/server applications in C++ (knowledge of C++14 features, Boost, and STL is a plus) Experience with Cloud frameworks (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, and OpenStack) Experience developing applications that makes use of Block and Object Storage (e.g. S3) Experience with real-time operating systems, inter-process communication and multi-threaded applications Experience with embedded system development and cross platform development Familiar with object-oriented design and design patterns Familiar with networking and TCP/IP, UDP, RTP, HTTP protocols Experience with container technologies (e.g. Docker and Kubernetes) Experience in an Agile software development environment (SCRUM and JIRA) Independent and willing to take initiative Excellent verbal and written communication skills Image, video and audio compression and/or analytical processing, multimedia streaming and storage formats, AVI file format Hardware architectures, memory, and I/O devices ARM programming Familiarly with SQL, NoSQL, and time series databases Experience with ActiveX, DirectX, Direct3D, web protocols, web development, Python and/or JavaScript frameworks. Familiar with GitLab and Yocto Linux distribution Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1212:
Play a leading role in the ownership, design, development of critical, large scale Engineering projects and/or the launch of new features/products. Develop key strategies, solve critical problems, and drive them to success through advocacy, influence, and direction. Lead cross department technical projects; defines, contributes, and oversees multiple projects for teams with emphasis on security while ensuring visibility to the business Leads the governance, development, build, deployment, and monitoring process with an emphasis on security, performance, and scalability. Ease conflicts, harmonize views, find the best way forward, and lead people to that outcome inside and outside the Engineering team. Have a broad and deep understanding of Boast.AI’s business and how security and technology fits into making them great. Evaluate new technology an be current with industry best practices and relevant technologies and ensure these get rolled into Boast.AI A minimum of 15+ years related work experience with evidence solving critical, large scale Engineering problems A strong background: NodeJS, React, Python Experience creating SaaS solutions that run on Google Cloud Experience working with databases such as MongoDB, MySQL, and others Experience with containerized infrastructure and container orchestration tools (K8S) Experience with asynchronous messaging services such as Google Cloud Pub/Sub, AWS SQS, and others Experience with serverless computing platforms such as Google Cloud Run, Google Cloud Functions, Google Cloud App Engine, AWS Lambda and others Experience with ML/AI Experience in performance and reliability engineering Strong understanding of agile development Experience with GitHub, Jira, and Confluence Experience with the FinTech vertical is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience with global organizations Competitive salary + benefits Remote first and flexible work culture Open and transparent management structure – collaboration is how we make decisions happen Career growth within this role, including leadership and product innovation opportunities Continuous learning opportunities to promote personal and professional growth Annual company retreats in exotic destinations and periodic team-building outings Access to our community events and conferences 
ScrapedJobID1213:
Participating in project planning and solution proposals. Architecting, designing, and developing new features. Working with data structures, algorithms, and system design. Implementing high quality unit tests. Performing peer code review to meet program quality targets Identifying and diagnosing deficiencies related to systems, coding and infrastructure, and recommending solutions for mitigation. Using version control with GIT (both local and using cloud-based platforms like Bitbucket). Progressive experience in systems development and analysis with a focus on Java Development An understanding of development on distributed systems operating at scale Experience with:
API creation and RESTful services
Creating data models
Relational and NoSQL database experience (MySQL, Oracle, DB2, etc)
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with server-side languages, specifically Java 8+
Knowledge and experience with server-side frameworks including Spring Boot and Hibernate API creation and RESTful services Creating data models Relational and NoSQL database experience (MySQL, Oracle, DB2, etc) Demonstrated knowledge and experience with server-side languages, specifically Java 8+ Knowledge and experience with server-side frameworks including Spring Boot and Hibernate Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1214:
Diriger des projets d'infrastructure, de produits, de clients et de sécurité, depuis les exigences initiales jusqu'au déploiement en production. Gérer des projets complexes comprenant la configuration du matériel et de l'infrastructure, la mise en réseau (VPN, pare-feu, etc.), la configuration de la téléphonie et des circuits, l'intégration de la plate-forme, les mesures correctives de sécurité, la certification des applications des clients et les déploiements. Exécuter des projets détaillés et gérer des équipes composées d'architectes de solutions, d'ingénieurs réseau, d'administrateurs système, d'administrateurs de bases de données, d'ingénieurs de certification, de gestionnaires de production, de gestionnaires de produits et de responsables de la sécurité. Animer efficacement les réunions de projet avec l'ingénierie des produits (R&D) ainsi que les réunions avec les clients ; résoudre et/ou faire remonter les problèmes en temps utile. Exécuter la portée du projet dans le respect du budget ; appliquer la gestion et le contrôle des changements pour suivre toute modification de la base de référence initiale de la portée. Comptabilité de projet par la gestion des heures de travail et des prévisions de main-d'œuvre. Fournir une supervision au niveau du projet et assurer la responsabilité et la communication pour les projets assignés. Promouvoir l'utilisation des meilleures pratiques de gestion de projet, notamment la gestion des risques, du budget, de la communication, des ressources, du calendrier et des attentes des parties prenantes. Plus de 3 ans d'expérience en gestion de projet dans une organisation de développement de produits technologiques, de services professionnels ou d'hébergement de logiciels au service de clients Fortune 500. Compétences avérées en matière de livraison et de déploiement de produits, de projets d'orientation client et surtout d'infrastructure, y compris les mises à niveau et la mise en œuvre de matériel et de logiciels. Évaluer et faire des recommandations/décisions sur les options techniques, le cas échéant. Expérience dans certains des secteurs technologiques suivants : projets d'infrastructure et de sécurité, reconnaissance vocale, CRM/ERP, IVR/CTI, hébergement de logiciels, organisation SaaS, télécommunications ou autres services vocaux de qualité opérateur. Bonne compréhension du cycle de vie du développement logiciel. Expérience de la création d'estimations de l'effort de travail et de l'allocation de ressources entre projets. Expérience de la coordination et de la prise en charge des processus opérationnels informatiques. Expérience de la planification et de la budgétisation de projets. Excellentes aptitudes à la communication écrite et verbale. Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision directe et plusieurs projets en parallèle. Autonomie et dynamisme pour répondre aux besoins d'un environnement commercial et informatique exigeant. Les compétences comprennent un sens aigu des affaires et une réflexion stratégique pour compléter de solides compétences d'exécution tactique. Lead infrastructure, product, customer and security projects from initial requirements to deployment in production. Manage complex projects that include hardware/infrastructure setup, networking (VPN, Firewalls, etc.), telephony/circuit setup, platform integration, security remediation, customer application certification, and deployments. Execute detailed project work and manage teams composed of Solution Architects, Network Engineers, System Admins, Database Admins, Certification Engineers, Production Managers, Product Managers, and Security Officers. Facilitate project meetings with Product Engineering (R&D) as well as customer facing meetings effectively; resolve and/or escalates issues in a timely fashion. Execute project scope within budget; apply change management & control to track any changes to the initial scope baseline. Project Accounting through management of project hours & labor forecasts Provide project level oversight and drive accountability and communications for assigned projects Drive usage of project management best practices including management of risk, budget, communication, resource, schedule, and stakeholder expectations 6+ years of project management experience in a technology-related product development, Professional Services organization or S/W hosting organization servicing Fortune 500 clients. Proven skills with the delivery and deployment of product, customer facing and especially infrastructure projects including hardware and software upgrades and implementation. Evaluating and making recommendations/decisions on technical options as appropriate. Experience in some of the following technology sectors – Infrastructure & Security projects, speech recognition, CRM/ERP, IVR/CTI, S/W hosting, SaaS organization, telecom or other carrier-grade voice services. Good understanding of the software development lifecycle. Experience creating work-effort estimates and cross-project resource allocations. Experience coordinating and/supporting IT business processes. Experience with project scheduling and budgeting. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work with a minimal direct supervision and multiple projects in parallel. Self-starter with high energy to meet the needs of a demanding business and IT environment Skills include strong business acumen and strategic thinking to complement strong tactical execution skills Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1215:
Coordinate with business and IT teams and resolve all complex application and system issues. Design and maintain expertise in flow of application process and systems related to business operations. Administer and resolve applications issues, provide updates and perform root cause analysis. Supervise alerts related to application and system procedures and provide services proactively. Provide support and identify all issues and prepare appropriate documentation on all issues and solutions. Provide training to Application Support Analyst Implement configuration change procedures to ensure optimal Quality Assurance for all applications as required. Plan and execute test scenarios Perform Support (Tier 2) to Help Desk University degree in a quantitative field 5+ years of professional experience with the following:
Systems analysis and design
Problem solving
Results-oriented track record
Practical SDLC and Project Management understanding
Testing procedures
SQL-Transact language, and relational database theory Systems analysis and design Problem solving Results-oriented track record Practical SDLC and Project Management understanding Testing procedures SQL-Transact language, and relational database theory Retail Experience working for a large National Retailer Additional asset: working experience with Demand and Fulfilment (JDA/Blue Yonder) Additional asset: working experience with Oracle xStore Additional asset: working experience with DevOps/Agile methodology Knowledge of test procedures Proficient in writing test plans, test cases and report defects Working experience with Jira Knowledge of SQL-Transact language and relational database theory Knowledge of Power-shell scripting Understanding of retail systems technologies Proficient in MS Excel and MS Access Experience with workflow collaboration tools such as: Jira, Zephyr 
ScrapedJobID1216:
Lead application architecture design, development, and deployment on Microsoft Azure using cloud native technologies. Work with enterprise customers, sharing Azure and cloud native best practices for migrating, modernizing, or building new and existing applications. Author and contribute to Azure customer-facing publications such as whitepapers. Build deep relationships with business and senior technical leaders as an Azure cloud advocate and subject matter expert. Mentor and develop a team of future architects and software developers across the Microsoft Cloud team. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering or equivalent. Master’s degree preferred. Been certified as an Azure Solutions Architect Expert and/or DevOps Engineer Expert. 10+ years of experience, including a minimum of 5 years of full-life cycle architecture and software implementation across enterprise customers. 5+ years of hands on experience with .NET technologies, containerization, and architecting solutions using Web and API-based technologies with emphasis on micro services (Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Service Fabric) and serverless capabilities (Functions, Event Hub, Service Bus etc…). 3+ years of project experience in architecture, development, and migration of applications to cloud based solutions on Azure. Demonstrated skills in leadership, communication, coaching, analysis, problem solving and short term and long term planning. Knowledge of standard pre-sales activities, specifically solution envisioning and RFP management from leading consulting or professional services organizations. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1217:
Design and develop applications, system-to-system interfaces, and complete software solutions. Solid experience with modern UI design and development methodologies. Diverse capabilities for SDK development. Participate in design and code reviews. Contribute to enhancing the development process. Minimum of 4 years experience in the development of front-end or client-side within a professional software development organization. SDK development experience in one or more technologies – PHP / Java /.Net / JavaScript / Ruby / Python / Node.js. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Good in software design concepts, design patterns, algorithms, and data structures. Overall IT experience of 5-8 years. Java experience would also be beneficial. Experience with building and managing software packages or server images. Experience on public cloud platforms like Microsoft Clienture or AmClienton AWS and their tools. Exposure to AWS preferred. Engineers with versatile capabilities across software skills preferred. Experience in managing Linux-based infrastructure. Experience with RESTful web services, XML and JSON. Experience in designing, and implementing scalable and resilient RESTful API services. Experience in writing documentation and creating design diagrams. Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring. Solid practitioner of the Agile/Scrum development process, with test-driven development, DevOps, and continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD). Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. No 
ScrapedJobID1218:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1219:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Technical background in infrastructure technologies Strong understanding of application internals, code introspection and dashboard optimization Tool administration: roles and capabilities, users Provide expertise in integrations with other tools such as Splunk and AWS APM use-case design and implementation (for business problems, understanding the system architecture requirements for scalability, security, and performance) Work with APM Support for maintenance/update requirements Tool Governance and Best Practices documentation, training colleagues Experience with Linux Knowledge of AWS services College degree in computer science/engineering or related field or equivalent experience Minimum 4+ years of experience with APM engineering. Minimum 2+ years of experience with rule and advanced logic creation within AppDynamics, NewRelic, Dynatrace, Datadog, or another APM tool Knowledge of: A track record delivering quality results on complex cross-functional projects Analytical and problem-solving capabilities Strong verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to communicate with a wide variety of audiences, both business and technical. Experience with SRE practices and establishing SLIs, SLAs, and SLOs. Expertise in other monitoring tools such as Splunk, SignalFX, Thousand Eyes, CloudWatch, etc. Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID1220:

ScrapedJobID1221:
Highly competitive market hourly rates 12-month contract with extension Remote interview process Fully remote role to BC candidates Ensure the reliability and sustainability of business applications by optimizing, monitoring, and automating deployment, support, and sustainment activities Oversee staff and consultants to organize on-call schedules, assign tasks and provide technical guidance to team members, participate in training, and staff development, and provide feedback on the quality of work of team members Provide oversight and guidance on application sustainability to software development teams from planning though implementation and operations Maintain close relationships with DevOps teams, business users, architects, cloud operations and infrastructure teams Work closely with release and QA leads to maintain awareness of production deployments to ensure the stability of supported systems Make support metrics visible using tools such as VSTS dashboards and integrating metrics into reports and dashboards with tools such as Application Insights, SharePoint, Excel, or Power BI. Prioritize work to meet both short and long term goals and outcomes Provide feedback, coach, and mentor team members to improve individual and team effectiveness Communicate complex information clearly and concisely, to explain various business and technical information Think critically through complex problems to formulate practical solutions Create new, or re-establish collaborative, credible, high functioning teams. 6+ years of work experience in IT. 4 years’ relevant IT work experience with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments, continuous IT process improvement, production support and problem resolution, analysis, and/or technical proficiency, networking, and knowledge of a breadth of tools and approaches to solve broad spector problems Specialist knowledge of cloud monitoring and measurement tools for infrastructure, application, logging, APM, and user interface experience. Working knowledge of infrastructure configuration management and automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, and Terraform. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Team System and/or similar continuous integration and continuous deployment technologies such as Team Foundation Servicer, Jenkins CI, Github, and Artifactory, specifically related to software build, unit testing and deployment. 3+ years of experience working with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM templates and JSON scripting for automated deployments. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM IaaS and PaaS architectures. 3+ years of experience with API architecture and hybrid cloud integration patterns Working knowledge of networking protocols and technologies such as routing, DNS, network peering. Working knowledge of developing and monitoring SLOs and SLAs. Strong coding and scripting experience with languages like C#, JavaScript, SQL, PowerShell and others Experience with Microsoft Stack with technologies and frameworks like .Net, C#, JavaScript, SQL, JQuery, Angular 6 and up, HTML, CSS, XUnit, NUnit, Entity Framework, TDD, Regis Cache, Git. Experience with Microservices 
ScrapedJobID1222:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Co-ordinate with multiple data source teams in getting data published to Kafka and getting the same to BI Datawarehouse Building Scalable Data Pipelines Mentor Junior resources and drive end to end design, implementation and delivery of engineering components. Communicate with and educate both senior and junior colleagues to further embed data science and analytics across the organization Strive for continuous improvement of code quality and development practices Willingness to adapt to and self-learn new technologies and deliver on them. Building and maintaining solutions on highly available environments. Working knowledge of CI/CD Working knowledge of building data integrity checks as part of delivery of applications. Technical expertise to build code that is performant as well as secure. Technical depth and vision to perform POC’s and evaluate different technologies. Translate business issues to technical terms. Understand, leverage and apply best practices effectively. Also leads by example and comes up with coding standards and best practices for technology. Anticipate system/application challenges and proposes solutions for the same. Contribute to story sizing and work estimates for implementation, validation, delivery and documentation. Review user stories to ensure a quality user experience, well-defined acceptance criteria and thorough test coverage. Participate in design and code review to ensure quality and testability of feature code. BS in Computer Science or related 5+ years of experience as a Software developer in BI space is needed Experience working with Snowflake & Kafka technologies is a must Working experience of scripting, data science and analytics (SQL, Python, PowerShell, JavaScript) is needed 2+ Years of performance tuning and optimization, bottleneck problems analysis, and technical troubleshooting in a sometimes, ambiguous environment. 2+ Years working with Azure cloud based systems Experience with Azure SQL Services Expertise in designing data pipelines , table structures, and sql queries Working experience with reporting layer (ssrs / powerbi / ssas) is desirable Design, implement and monitor 'best practices' for Dev framework Experience working with large volume data; retail experience strongly desired. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty & kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID1223:
You have 5+ years of software development experience. You have 3+ years experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/Vue or similar. You have 2+ years of professional experience as a web developer using .NET and/or .NET Core with C# You have a track record for building high-quality, maintainable, tested, and scalable software. You are proficient in working with RESTful APIs and data handling. You have expert-level ability using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. You have worked with cloud-based services (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand. You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design. You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing. Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems. You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems. You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach). You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. 
ScrapedJobID1224:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1225:
Drive the design, planning, and implementation of multifaceted applications, giving you breadth and depth of knowledge across the entire project lifecycle. Be constantly learning; evaluate new technologies and implement best practices to provide scalable solutions. Build thought-leadership while matching needs to solutions, establishing best practices, and mentoring team members. Manage the scope and deliverables of a global team throughout the development lifecycle. 
ScrapedJobID1226:
Developing a public facing cloud app at scale, where you gained expertise in all aspects of the Web SDLC from design & implementation to deployment and operations. Amazon Web Services expertise is a bonus. Strong knowledge of industry best practices for such applications Strong JavaScript proficiency with a readiness to use Java. Experience with modern Front End frameworks like React and Redux are important as this position leans more heavily Front End than Back End. Experience with cross-browser, cross-platform, and design constraints on the web and mobile Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent field, or commensurate work experience and knowledge Strong verbal, written, and organizational skills Strong leadership experience: Leading meetings, presenting, technical go to person, and cross-functional leader. Building strong teams - set and evangelize vision, facilitative leadership, attract and retain key talent. Write scalable web application code with the utmost attention to detail, inclusive of accessibility, performance, scalability, security. Build the effective internal and external relationships that are essential to delivering awesome software Leverage your technical leadership to mentor junior engineers, and apply your wisdom towards solving our most difficult architecture and implementation challenges Leverage industry trends so as to make the best technology choices and strategic decisions Take vague customer problems and solve end to end with teamwork and accountability Leading the gathering of functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Acting as the technical subject matter expert: Mentoring fellow engineers, demonstrating technical expertise, and leading a small team solving challenging programming and design problems Roughly 40-60% hands-on coding Generate technical documentation and PowerPoint presentations to communicate architectural and design options, and educate development teams and business users Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams including: product management, QA, Design and/or business units to drive forward results Demonstrate a passion for developing well architected, elegant, web and/or mobile apps Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1227:
Term: Contract, On-Going Start date: Immediately Schedule: Day shift Est. Reg. Hrs/Wk: 40 hrs/wk Est. OT Hrs/Wk: As required to meet project schedules Compensation: $60/hr - $68/hr Work location/environment: Oshawa, ON; office facility (remote work policy currently in place, may require a mix of remote and in-office work) Bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering ???????8+ years relevant work experience Experience working on high-paced agile environment Experience as a solution architect for business information systems, focusing on database architecture, data modeling, data analysis, and application integration. Advanced knowledge in SQL and NoSQL and familiarity with various types of databases Experience with containerization (e.g. Dockers) Experience with distributed systems like big data processing/streaming/storage engines (e.g., Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka), different Cloud environments (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure), or resource management systems (e.g., Apache Mesos, Kubernetes) Experience with continuous integration and automated deployments (CI/CD) Experience with Web Services: REST API, etc. (Python?) Experience with frontend software development Strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, distributed systems. Strong communication skills Strong collaboration skills Preferred: Familiarity with machine learning and statistical approaches Preferred: Porting machine learning models on embedded systems and mobile environments Integration between AI modules and infrastructure (Databases, User Interface, Server, etc...) Work with IT to offer compute infrastructure to the AI Innovation Team members Build and maintain CI/CD pipelines Setup services for internal or external users Design and develop front-end interfaces for machine learning models Produce high-quality and reliable results by contributing heavily to large cross-functional projects. Assist our Machine Learning Software Engineer to ensure efficient development and deployment. Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes. Build and maintain data visualization dashboards Candidates must complete a background check and be eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID1228:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1229:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces Product development process – it’s more than solely coding. Be collaborative member of the autonomous cross-functional team to define, build, test and deliver innovative enterprise-grade solutions This role will lead systems and environment development for NEW applications based on existing and well-established platforms. There is a large team of industry, product and technical experts to help - you will have all the support you could ask for. We use a modern development stack including Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda & Kinesis and Node.js – we are primarily an open source shop. We run on Atlassian, Slack, Jenkins, GitHub Enterprise, Splunk, AppDynamics and other top industry technologies. You will be working in a stable business environment with strong organizational and management support, so you can focus on your craft. Mastery, Autonomy and Purpose are core tenants that serve to drive us every day. Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or above Passion for high-quality execution, technical and operational excellence. Proven track record working in an agile environment with sharp focus on shipping frequently while managing competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated passion for agile principles, values and continuous improvement of engineering processes Strong believer and promoter of built-in-quality, DevOps mindset and automation Solid understanding of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns and web system architecture 3+ years of experience with high quality object-oriented code 2+ years of professional experience building Node.js backend applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS 2+/ReactJS Solid understanding and experience working with relational DBs like Postgres, MySQL or Oracle Experienced with development for AWS Knowledge with Typescript Experienced in developing REST APIs Strong experience with Git source control Experience in development of large-scale SaaS and cloud-native applications Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior developers Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery Excellent communication and presentation skills to interact with both internal and external people Support continuous improvements initiatives and actively identify bottlenecks and ways to improve engineering practices and development process Promoter of writing well-designed, reusable, testable and efficient code Contribute in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle Strong ability to troubleshooting and resolving issues Knowledgeable with test-driven development Experience with CI/CD process Familiarity with AWS technologies such as Lambda and Kinesis Familiarity with the Serverless Framework Familiarity with micro services Familiarity with MongoDB, DynamoDB or any other No-SQL databases Competitive compensation Health Care insurance, including vision and prescription drugs benefits Dental insurance Employee and Family Assistance Program Life insurance Disability insurance Retirement savings plan Employee stock purchase program Paid holidays and generous paid time off Learning and development resources 
ScrapedJobID1230:
Collaborate with product managers and developers to develop test strategy, test plan, and test cases Develop and execute functional and non-functional test cases for all phases of testing: system, integration and user acceptance testing, and report defects and document them clearly for engineers Develop a test automation framework and coordinate with cross-functional teams to resolve roadblocks for automation Develop and maintain test environments, test scripts and test data to automate testing and improve the quality and project timelines Ability to triage and reproduce production issues in collaboration with business teams and engineers 5+ years of quality assurance background with experience developing test strategy, test plans, testing methodologies, defect reporting 3+ years of experience with automation tools such as selenium webdriver, Postman, etc. Experience at an eCommerce company and an agile environment is strongly preferred Experience in Source control environment and cloud environment an asset Basic SQL knowledge is a plus BS/BA degree or Diploma Strong SDLC experience with knowledge of quality assurance processes, tools and metrics Prior on-hands experience with test automation tools for web, mobile, and API testing Experience with project and defect tracking tools such as Jira, etc. Proven ability to manage multiple projects and evolving priorities at a fast pace Strong communication skills and ability to work cross functionally and collaboratively with other departments and teams Curious Approachable Passionate Solutions finder Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more... Office environment 
ScrapedJobID1231:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1232:
Ability to collaborate with senior leaders from Business and Technology to design long-term Business-Technology roadmap for individual Salesforce orgs Ability to design and implement Enterprise Org strategy for multiple Salesforce orgs Bank-wide Completed multiple Enterprise level Salesforce platform implementations Work with cross-team product owners, developers and test engineers to support QA processes Establish and enforce governance for implementing Salesforce at the Bank Must be well versed with Apex, Visual Force Pages, Salesforce Lightning Components and Integration Patterns. Must have worked on at least one of the middleware products or have some level of understanding on Talend, Jitterbit, Informatica, Mulesoft etc. Must be familiar with Integrating Salesforce with other cloud based application systems using REST, SOAP API. Must have worked on Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Financial Services Cloud Strong communication and leadership skills Minimum 7 years of experience in Salesforce platform and overall 12 + years of experience in enterprise systems. Minimum of 2+ year experience on Salesforce Lightning Components and Aura Framework. Experience with deployment processes and release pipelines. Eg : Jenkins, Bitbucket/Git, Salesforce DX Good understanding of package-based deployments, Metadata API and Ant. Hands-on experience on tools like Data Loader, Data Stage, Talend, Mulesoft Strong working knowledge on HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Investigate failures, perform root cause analysis and utilize internal defect tracking tool to create detailed, high quality error report Ability to work in cross functional teams using agile methodologies like SCRUM/Kanban We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1233:

ScrapedJobID1234:

ScrapedJobID1235:
You have 5+ years of software development experience. You have 3+ years experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/Vue or similar. You have 2+ years of professional experience as a web developer using .NET and/or .NET Core with C# You have a track record for building high-quality, maintainable, tested, and scalable software. You are proficient in working with RESTful APIs and data handling. You have expert-level ability using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. You have worked with cloud-based services (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand. You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design. You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing. Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems. You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems. You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach). You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. 
ScrapedJobID1236:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1237:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1238:
Competitive Salary RRSP Matching Employer Paid Flexible Health Coverage (from day one) Employee Purchase Program – discounts! Professional Development Opportunities Social and Wellness Events Employee Referral Program- we want great talent like you! Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based products and services Integrate with external customer and 3rd-party systems Perform extensive research and analysis to make optimal architecture and design decisions Analyze and improve security for Cloud application, provide expert guidance to Engineers on security Write large amounts of code, perform code reviews, write unit tests Write documentation Interface with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations Create quick proof-of-concept prototypes Participate in scrum team. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience 5+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Node.js, Python, or similar language 2+ years of production level experience in one of: AWS, Azure or GCP Good knowledge & experience in one or more of these areas: messaging systems (Apache Kafka etc. ), stream and batch processing (Apache Spark etc.), distributed caching (Redis etc.), ETL pipeline, Big Data Query Good working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, REST, gRPC, HTTP, TLS) Good knowledge & experience in micro-services architecture, containerization, and orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes etc.) Hands-on experience developing applications for highly scalable and highly available distributed systems Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, design patterns, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Interest and ability to learn new technologies or other coding languages as needed Good grasp of the Agile software development approach, CI/CD, Gradle, Maven, GIT, code review and code coverage tools. Experience with designing a test strategy, writing test cases and automating testing Experience with software security and systems that handle sensitive data. Great interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1239:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1240:

ScrapedJobID1241:

ScrapedJobID1242:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1243:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. Proven experience in apparel companies managing configurations and customizations based on business requirements. 5+ years of software engineering experience. Ideal candidate has Bamboo Rose 2018 and ILOG experience Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure and operations. Strong programming skills in Java/J2EE, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Solid working experience with cloud technologies and platforms such as AWS and Azure; AWS Lambda, AWS S3, Terraform Experience in Linux/Unix system administration, system and server builds, installations, upgrades, tuning, migration and troubleshooting. Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Experience with DevOps practices (i.e. Jenkins, Github, Splunk, Prometheus, Grafana) Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Familiar with Agile methodology. Experience in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python is an asset Must be a team player and detail oriented 
ScrapedJobID1244:
Perform the technical design, implementation, testing, and production support of applications and platform software for the FOLIO open source platform (www.folio.org). Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing, and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met. Conduct new technology research, proof of concept, and design work that will provide direction for the enhancement of the overall system and products. Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, maintainability, and culture. Demonstrate ownership of developed components from development through production. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Masters preferred. 5+ years of experience in Java 3+ years of experience in designing relational database schema and writing complex SQL queries; experience with PostgreSQL specifically is a plus 2+ years of experience with AWS Cloud services Linux – general knowledge, shell scripting – RedHat/Amazon Linux specifically is a plus 3+ yrs experience using Agile and/or SAFe 2+ years of experience in implementation of production RESTful interfaces in a microservices model Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills An advocate for unit testing, automation, and test-driven development. Virtualization – Docker, Vagrant, etc. CI/CD – Jenkins, Maven, etc. SCM - Git/GitHub OpenAPI, JSON, XML Security related experience –SSO, OAUTH, SAML, LDAP, etc. Scripting languages - bash, groovy, python Container management - AWS ECS, Kubernetes, etc. Logging/Monitoring/Alerting/Analytics – Cloudwatch Insights, SumoLogic, micrometer, graphana, SNMP, JMX, etc. Other - Kafka, ElasticSearch 
ScrapedJobID1245:
Design and develop new application components and APIs using Python and Django framework Develop and improve existing reusable back-end components Manage the interchange of data between the external data sources and internal APIs Write effective, well tested and scalable code Work with all areas within the organization (Financial Engineers, Client Experience Managers, Quant and Developers) to understand functional and technical requirements, and help them set up, create and populate applications Deployment of enterprise application into AWS and production environment BS in Computer Science or equivalent area Have at least 1-2 years of work experience as a Software Engineer Software development experience in Python is a must SQL experience is a must Shell scripting is a plus Experience in PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch is a plus Familiarity with Git and GitHub Experience with Django is a plus AWS Cloud and operations experience is nice to have Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Opportunity to join a fast-growing Fintech startup experiencing hyper-growth Working every day with shiny happy people at a company where your voice is valued and given importance Culture of collaboration, innovation and internal mobility Competitive base salary with bonus Comprehensive healthcare benefits and vacation package Flexible hours, 3 days per week working from home before Covid-19. During the pandemic, we are 100% remote. Experience Fintech without seeing people with ties and grey suits Mac or Windows: choose what suits you Paid time off Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1246:
Experience with test automation of RESTful APIs and cloud solutions in general, including REST validation tools such as REST-assured, Test Rail, etc. Coding skills with languages such as Java, JavaScript, Python and the ability to create and maintain test automation scripts Experience with source control revision tools - GIT (preferred), GitHub Knowledge of API testing tools such as Postman Ability to analyze requirements, design, implement, debug, and deploy Cloud Platform services and components Develop and maintain design documents and interface specifications Lead and work closely with other Software Engineers, Architects, Product Development Team, QA and Support groups Assist support and operations in resolving configuration and technical issues Experience with mocking frameworks such as Mockito Experience with load/performance testing using JMeter, Locust, and other similar tools Experience with AWS services and large global deployments, including tools such as Kubernetes and Cloud Formation Queue systems such as RabbitMQ, Apache ActiveMQ, Apache Kafka Relational and object databases like MongoDB, Redis, MySQL, Cassandra Experience with the Spring Boot framework Experience with CI (Continuous Integration) tools (Jenkins, Azure DevOps) and code quality (e.g., SonarQube), Code Coverage, Unit tests, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1247:

ScrapedJobID1248:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 1+ years of technical/team lead experience within a cloud/SaaS-based software product company Extensive background with DevOps/SRE and CI/CD principles; experience with software delivery to public cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) and IaC is imperative Extensive experience with AKS/Kubernetes, DevOps automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, etc., and development with source control is crucial Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1249:

ScrapedJobID1250:
Shares best practices, lessons learned and constantly updates the technical system Collaborates with all relevant parties (Software Engineers, Development Managers & Recommends the most suitable technical architecture and defines the solution at a high Recommends and participates in the development of architecture blueprints for related Identifies and recommends areas appropriate for further study and participates in any Develop Architecture Artifacts such as (Architecture Blueprint, Architecture Roadmap, Identifies implementation risks and analyses potential impact on the enterprise and on Ability to communicate architectural decisions to a varied audience including business Ability to recognize and balance functional and non-functional requirements to ensure Recommends and participates in the design and implementation of standards, tools and Participates in the design and implementation of IT service management standards, Conducts and/or actively participates in meetings related to the designated project/s, Advises and recommends enterprise architecture strategies, processes, and Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent or 10+ years Solid understanding and experience with cloud platforms (Azure or GCP or AWS Evaluate performance, security, reliability, operations, technology, and interoperability Hands on experience architecting systems from start to finish with ability to provide Strong knowledge of event driven Serverless architecture Experience with streaming/caching technologies such as Kafka/Redis etc. Experience using Spring Boot and microservice patterns Experience of SQL or NoSQL databases. Knowledge of PL/SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Java Script, JQuery, design Knowledge of identity management and authentication/authorization protocols such as 
ScrapedJobID1251:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1252:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1253:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1254:
Lead the creation of automation and deployment pipelines for applications to all environments via Infrastructure as code Implement monitoring of new applications in production, while utilizing the latest technologies and following DevOps best practices for auto healing and alert fatigue Investigate and troubleshoot complex issues for Product Streams and help support applications in all environments Research and stay up to date with DevOps best practices for CI / CD and Site Reliability Help create policies and processes that define the responsibilities of the DevOps Operations Engineer within our DevOps culture Lead the implementation of performance engineering best practices within your Product Stream and assisting in performance improvements to improve site reliability Provide leadership to the Operations Community for all applications related to your area of expertise Lead the training of the Operations Community for new applications coming from your Product Stream Participate in the creation of Production best practices 5 + yrs, Professional work experience in IT Infrastructure provisioning and Support 2 + yrs, Experience working on Azure cloud 3+ yrs, Experience in working with DevOps practices such as CI/CD, automation, real time monitoring 3+ yrs, Experience supporting and / or developing Java / C# Applications Solid command over scripting languages such as Python, Bash or PowerShell Experience Provisioning infrastructure on Azure using infrastructure as code Experience in latest DevOps technologies such as Jenkins, APM, Terraform Provision Azure resources using powershell and ARM templates. Experience with Azure resources like vnet, sql, function app, apim, storage, queues, datafactory, databricks, etc 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1255:
Converting warm leads to qualified leads through telephone and email; Working with prospects to understand their key business challenges and the quantifiable impact a solution like Clio could provide; Providing a consistent flow of qualified leads to Account Executives; Working closely with Account Executives, Support and Sales Engineers. Sales experience/cold-calling experience; Knowledge of our product and company - must be able to assess and anticipate customer comfort levels; A competitive mindset; A continuous improvement mindset. Transactional sales experience 
ScrapedJobID1256:
8 hour shift PHP: 5 years (required) JavaScript: 5 years (required) Yes Remote interview process 
ScrapedJobID1257:
Location: Remote (Anywhere in Canada) - must be willing to work in Pacific Time Zone Status: Permanent, Full-Time Salary: 100-130K/annum + 2.5% annual Bonus Participate in research and assessment of new data sources and the building of data pipeline Contribute to the development of Machine Learning (ML) and Physics-based models for application to enable rapid growth Present findings to team members, internal and external stakeholders, and help set the direction for future development Construct Machine Learning (ML) simulations Work with geospatial and multimodal data Create and maintain Google Cloud infrastructure for software development 3+ years of experience of Python Development Experience with Google Cloud Platform Completed coursework in calculus, linear algebra, and probability, or their equivalent Experience with open-source tools such as Git, TensorFlow, Google Compute Engine, etc Must be willing to work in Pacific Time Zone Experience with Machine Learning (ML) systems, algorithms, or applications such as deep learning, computer vision Experience with geospatial and multimodal data Java development background Experience setting up Google Cloud Infrastructure Location: Remote (Anywhere in Canada) - must be willing to work in Pacific Time Zone Status: Permanent, Full-Time Salary: 110-140K/annum + 2.5% annual Bonus Lead and guide a team of remote engineers to build and enhance ecommerce sites Work with loosely-defined customer requirements/requests and carefully plan workflow/customer experience Work with Stakeholders to obtain buy-in for architectural and API decisions Identify and present potential road-blocks and challenges to Product Owners and Stakeholders 4+ years of experience of Python Development Experience leading a team of remote Engineers Experience with AWS Cloud environment a MUST Experience with Redis, Postgress, or Elasticsearch Familiarity with Kubernetes and Docker Experience architecting APIs and microservices to support customer-facing workflows and third-party integrations Excellent communication skills (both verbal & written) Must be willing to work in Pacific Time Zone Experience in the automotive or financing sector AWS Certification or training Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Python: 3 years (preferred) Java: 1 year (preferred) Machine Learning: 1 year (preferred) AWS: 1 year (preferred) Leadership: 1 year (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1258:
Experience with building and scaling data-intensive software in Java You value good software design and sweat over details in code and API design Knowledge of machine learning modelling workflow You enjoy learning new technology and also educating others You strive to communicate clearly and with empathy You take great personal pride in building robust and scalable software You are highly accountable and have a strong sense of ownership Ability to do detailed code reviews and give thoughtful feedback Experience building a library or a framework Knowledge of machine learning algorithms Experience with Kubernetes Data analytics Comfortable with math or statistics 
ScrapedJobID1259:
Interviewing potential consultants to ensure all onboarding employees will be successful in the Azure domain. Be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of our best-in-class Azure training materials. Training, guiding and mentoring consultants with existing basic programming and computer science skills up to junior and mid-level developers. Preparing mock interview situations for the consultants to enhance the esteemed learning process provided by the company. Acting as a primary technical support resource for individuals working on a variety of projects throughout the US (this requires ability to support remotely) Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that projects and employees are appropriately matched. Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that consultants on projects remain successfully on these projects and do not result in technical failure. Prepping consultants for interviews for specific assignments involving mobile development. 5+ Years of professional Azure and Architecture experience Azure Certified DevOps Engineer Azure Certified Solutions Architect Bachelor’s Degree in the Computer Science or related field Project Management background preferred. Knowledge of the Consulting/Sales structure Able to work full-time schedule and possibility of flexible extended hours. Candidate should have experience with Migrating Data, Analytics, and web applications from on-prem to Azure. Experience with Azure Cloud Formation Templates Experience with Azure EMR & Redshift Experience with Hadoop eco system in Cloud (Spark, Hive and HBase etc.) Experience with Apache NiFi Knowledge with Cloud container (EKS) services (Kubemetes) is a plus. Cloud infrastructure configuration and optimization Network management and security for cloud environments (e.g., Azure) Automated deployments and source code/configuration management tools Re-architecture and design of systems to become cloud native (e.g., Azure Lambda) Relational Database administration using SQL and configuration knowledge for the MySQL engine. Dev Environment Mgmt. - Agile, Scrum, Sprints Bonus pay Company pension Extended health care Monday to Friday Computer networking: 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1260:
Hire, grow and lead multiple SCRUM teams of dynamic software developers Mentor developers with career growth and personal development Work with the product team to plan, lead and schedule all team SCRUM activities including daily standups, architecture review meetings, story reviews, backlog grooming, sprint demos and sprint planning Track and report progress of the project against key milestones and keep feature stakeholders updated Coordinate projects that span multiple teams Work closely with Product Management to determine release scope and to ensure that features meet requirements Bachelors in Computer Science or related area or equivalent industry experience 5+ years management experience leading distributed software development teams of 10+ individuals building SaaS applications ideally on AWS 10+ years commercial enterprise software development experience Expert knowledge of software engineering best practices Experience with Agile/SCRUM development methodologies Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong business and technical vision Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment A deep understanding of commercial SaaS development using AWS platforms and services Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Masters in Computer Science or related area or equivalent industry experience Deep hands-on technical expertise in a variety of technologies on both Window and Linux platforms Expertise with Cloud Native software architectures and design patterns SCRUM Master Certification Experience with single pane web application development Experience with corporate finance, financial planning, and financial analysis Experience with multi-dimensional data modeling (OLAP concepts) 
ScrapedJobID1261:
Effectively manage a team of Security Operations staff in delivering Cloud Native Security Services to clients. Engage with clients throughout the lifecycle of the project to provide consulting for services, processes and policies and ensure compliance of objectives as defined in SLAs. Establish and sustain long-term relationships with top decision makers at key clients. Ensure compliance of all procedures with the Change Management Process put up in place. Demonstrate effective project management skills. Must be able to proactively drive and manage multiple tasks and timelines independently and as a team. Knowledge of and experience with current and emerging cloud native security platforms. Thorough understanding of M365/Azure Cloud Native Services such as MCAS, O365 DLP, ATP, Defender, Sentinel, etc. Knowledge and experience in M365/Azure domains – Compliance, Identity and Access, Threat and Vulnerability, Network and Application security. Ability to work with L1/L2 team to build in ability to rapidly detect, contain, investigate, remediate, and recover from security incidents. Ability to prioritize and escalate risks to the senior leadership based on the procedures put up in place. Proven ability to review and comment on complex contracts and to provide direction on the risk involved and how to mitigate the risk as well as providing strategic direction to both internal resources and external clients and to have direct contract negotiation experience. Ensure project objectives are met within the given deadlines and threats are remediated according to their severity levels. Must be able to work effectively at a management level – i.e., establish credibility and authority with Firm leadership and client counterparts and work collaboratively to achieve quality objectives. Effectively communicate to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including developers, technical leads, peer architects, delivery owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc. Prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time. Technical degree: Computer Science or related. Five or more years of relevant experience in a related role with at least 2 years at the management level and managing a team. Two or more years in designing and implementing Cloud Security Solutions. One or more years of experience using any CSPM solution. Azure Solutions Architect Expert Azure Security Engineer Associate M365 Certified: Security Administrator Associate M365 Certified: Enterprise Administrator Expert CISSP CCSP You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1262:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces Product development process – it’s more than solely coding. Be collaborative member of the autonomous cross-functional team to define, build, test and deliver innovative enterprise-grade solutions This role will lead systems and environment development for NEW applications based on existing and well-established platforms. There is a large team of industry, product and technical experts to help - you will have all the support you could ask for. We use a modern development stack including Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda & Kinesis and Node.js – we are primarily an open source shop. We run on Atlassian, Slack, Jenkins, GitHub Enterprise, Splunk, AppDynamics and other top industry technologies. You will be working in a stable business environment with strong organizational and management support, so you can focus on your craft. Mastery, Autonomy and Purpose are core tenants that serve to drive us every day. Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or above Passion for high-quality execution, technical and operational excellence. Proven track record working in an agile environment with sharp focus on shipping frequently while managing competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated passion for agile principles, values and continuous improvement of engineering processes Strong believer and promoter of built-in-quality, DevOps mindset and automation Solid understanding of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns and web system architecture 3+ years of experience with high quality object-oriented code 2+ years of professional experience building Node.js backend applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS 2+/ReactJS Solid understanding and experience working with relational DBs like Postgres, MySQL or Oracle Experienced with development for AWS Knowledge with Typescript Experienced in developing REST APIs Strong experience with Git source control Experience in development of large-scale SaaS and cloud-native applications Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior developers Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery Excellent communication and presentation skills to interact with both internal and external people Support continuous improvements initiatives and actively identify bottlenecks and ways to improve engineering practices and development process Promoter of writing well-designed, reusable, testable and efficient code Contribute in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle Strong ability to troubleshooting and resolving issues Knowledgeable with test-driven development Experience with CI/CD process Familiarity with AWS technologies such as Lambda and Kinesis Familiarity with the Serverless Framework Familiarity with micro services Familiarity with MongoDB, DynamoDB or any other No-SQL databases Competitive compensation Health Care insurance, including vision and prescription drugs benefits Dental insurance Employee and Family Assistance Program Life insurance Disability insurance Retirement savings plan Employee stock purchase program Paid holidays and generous paid time off Learning and development resources 
ScrapedJobID1263:
Lead and mentor a team of BI analysts in complex projects to mine data using modern tools and programming languages You have an aptitude for engineering and manipulating various forms of data frameworks including but not limited to Data warehousing, Modeling, Analytics, Integrations from various data sources. You are not bound to a single tool or platform and can solve problems in creative ways. You are proficient in different computing languages such as SQL, Python, DAX and aspire to learn alternate ways of resolving issues. You will be working with data in different formats from datawarehouse, datalakes, API endpoints, SQL and Post Gres DBs, datamarts etc. You will be an expert in SQL coding, troubleshooting, stored procedures, views, functions etc and be able to transform, cleanse, manipulate data in Power BI and API endpoints. Be self-motivated to learn and drive your teams’ development while improving methodology and working practices across the company. Effectively write, present, and communicate research results with recommendations Master’s degree in Computer Science or Bachelor’s degree with equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such Business Admin or similar education with a formal training/certification in Business intelligence and data analytics/reporting Experience with SQL, R, Python, M language, Clustering, and in a variety of programming languages: Python, Perl, Java, C++. 5 years experience as a data integration analyst, BI developer, database developer or similar roles Minimum 5 Experience with T-SQL, Postgres, DAX, Python programming languages* Minimum 3 years experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI and/or Tableau and Microsoft tools such as SSRS and SSIS Minimum 5 years experience in writing stored procedures, views, functions ; exposure to data marts, data lakes and data warehouses Experience with Amazon AWS, RedShift and other cloud platforms; Reporting and dashboarding experience with Power BI, Dataiku etc. Knowledge of NetSuite, Redshift and other 3rd party software integrations Knowledge of Satori Reporting or any other turnkey integrative reporting Knowledge of Power platform operations, query, flow and BI and integrations An exciting high-growth environment An experienced, dynamic and motivated team Supportive, challenging and collaborative work Competitive salary and vacation Medical, dental and drug benefits Company stock purchase plan with matching contributions Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care 8 hour shift Do you have 5 years of experience as a data integration analyst? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1264:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of experience in an engineering senior leadership role with a focus on cloud technology, distributed systems, infrastructure, and applications at large scale and under high load. Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting, Operations or Finance. Experience managing and building engineering and customer-facing teams. Experience working with C-level stakeholders both internal and customer advising on cloud strategy, leading complex transformation/modernization projects. Experience in managing internal infrastructure, developer tools or distributed computing infrastructure. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Grow and scale a strong engineering organization that will be capable of supporting the growth of the technology portfolio and enterprise customer base. Partner closely with global companies as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Define and lead strategy and roadmap, balancing short- and long-term priorities against the business needs. Advocate and influence the development of new technology on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads, Product Management, and UX. Tell the Deloitte innovation story and help translate it into actionable steps global companies can take towards adoption. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1265:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs – front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years software engineering experience including 3+ years experience programming in Java 3+ years experience as a JavaScript developer 2+ years experience with TypeScript and React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS ( S3, ECS, Lambda, etc ) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1266:
8 hour shift design, development and deployment of Data Analytics: 10 years (preferred) data & analytics pre-sales and technical consulting: 5 years (preferred) data & analytics solutions on Azure or GCP: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1267:
Work under the guidance of the Coast Capital Savings management team to ensure alignment with the strategic corporate directives Work with enterprise architecture, enterprise project management office, and procurement teams to engage in proof of concept technology testing cycles, develop system test plans, and provide guidance on hardware and software configurations. Work with the enterprise architecture and procurement teams to creating and maintaining technology standards and configuration standards for Coast Capital Savings. Maintain up to date knowledge on enterprise technologies used in the financial and information technology sectors Document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies, as well as review vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness. Team members are required to create and maintain all documented workflows, standard operating procedures, designs, operational training, incident management, trouble shooting, lesson learned and change management documents in accordance with client's Information Technology procedures and policies. Provide integration, automation and lifecycle management to all platforms including enterprise class: servers, storage, converged devices, hyper converged services, interfaces, firewalls, load balancers, networking interconnects, security devices, encryption devices, monitoring technologies, automation/configuration solutions, and backup and recovery technologies. Perform regular maintenance and upgrades to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure optimized performance and compliancy to security standards Work with Business Continuity Planning and Architecture teams to create designs for backup and recovery services for all cloud and platform solutions to meet business defined disaster recovery objectives, responsible to implement, provide test plans and test schedules annually to meet regulatory requirements. Team members rotate as primary and secondary on-call for critical support to CCS’s cloud and platform solutions on a 7/24/365 basis. During emergency situations team members may be recalled to work at any time to meet the defined Business Continuance Plan and Disaster Recovery plans service level agreements. Provide health, performance, and alert monitoring services to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure a high quality systems integrity. To provide subject matter expertise during the planning phase of projects, to ensure all functional and non-functional technology requirements are met, as well as assist with multi-year scalability/capacity and Disaster Recovery planning. To document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies on behalf of the project, also to review all vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness To provide subject matter expertise during the execution phase to ensure integration, automation and orchestration of new systems are completed on schedule To provide subject matter expertise during closing phase to ensure service transition documentation for hand-off to operations personnel for ongoing maintenance and support is completed. Implement and manage all cloud services and platforms to comply with CCS ITG security procedures and policies Coast Capital Savings has geographically dispersed offices, with regionally located teams. Team members will need to be are required to effectively collaborate and support all levels of the organization using technologies such as Business Skype, video conferencing, WebEx. May require travel for onsite meetings from time to time. Experience with DevOps tools including Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Kubernetes , Docker, and Git Strong knowledge and experience with Amazon ECS & EKS Strong knowledge of Amazon Web Services Architecture, System and Security Operations (Designing, building, deploying, testing) Working experience with AWS technologies, including EC2, S3, VPC, and lambda. Working experience with automated AWS deployments using CloudFormation or Terraform Working knowledge of Microsoft Infrastructure services including AD, DNS, SCCM, and PKI Ability to script with modern languages including Powershell, Bash, or Python Proficient with Bimodal (agile and waterfall) IT service delivery methodologies Strong interpersonal and communication skills to be a part of and support cross-functional teams, as well as the ability to speak to all levels of the company. Strong technical documentation, process documentation and design skills, ability to provide instruction on new workflows to cross-functional team members. Strong trouble shooting skills to be able to quickly analyze and resolve problems associated with banking service interruptions and focus on immediate return to service to maintain a high level end user experience. Exceptional time management and organizational skills with attention to detail Highly motivated and self-driven, capable of working with little instruction to resolve demanding tasks, with tight deadlines, as well as work with internal teams. Having a team player attitude with enthusiasm to engage in and support organizational activities. 
ScrapedJobID1268:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1269:
Newly created position on a growing team will be part of migration of older technology to modern platforms 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + Years experience working with Unix and able to rewrite Shell scripts in Unix/Linux. Solid skills in writing SQLS for relational Databases (DB2,MS SQL Server, Oracle DB, Postgres, MySQL) experience working on Database migration projects ( DB2 to Postgres or Oracle to Postgres) 
ScrapedJobID1270:
Work independently and pair with other writers to create and revise technical content in a fast-paced, agile environment. Communicate highly complex technical concepts clearly and concisely. Write for a range of customers, including new and experienced operators, administrators, and developers. Work with peer reviewers, incorporating editorial feedback to ensure that VMware style and standards are appropriately observed in technical content and media. Ability to learn and understand complex technical concepts, and to explain these concepts clearly and concisely. Ability to dive into a complex distributed system and contribute to the team while learning. Understanding of technical writing principles like single sourcing and content reuse. Knowledge of Markdown, DITA, or other markup languages. Ability to work in a team environment and collaborate with other teams including engineering and program management. BA/BS in a related field or equivalent experience. Experience working on a globally distributed team. Experience using source control tools such as Git. Basic knowledge of UNIX/LINUX operating systems. Familiarity with Ruby or other programming languages. 
ScrapedJobID1271:
Administrate the Azure data platform Data Factory, databricks, azure functions, CosmosDB Implement and maintain the respect of the security requirements on the Azure Platform Contribute to designing and building the infrastructure required for optimal ingestion, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using Azure big data technologies (ADLS, ADF, Databricks, and Azure Functions) Collaborate with data engineers to ingest, curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in AAAI models and other systems Design, build and develop ELT pipelines consolidating streaming and batch data sources into the Data Lake zones Design, code, unit test, and integrate new features and functionality to BDC’s data engineering libraries Develop data ingestion, transformation, and preparation with Scala and Apache Spark A bachelor’s degree in IT, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related fields 5+ years of industry experience as a Data Engineer 3+ years of experience with Databricks platform 2+ years of experience with Azure data factory 2+ years of experience with scalable production grade cloud based Big Data Analytics Experience with Python and/or Scala programming language Experience with Apache Kafka for Event Streaming (Confluent platform knowledge is a plus) Experience with MS SQL Server and other relational database management systems such as MySQL Experience with Agile processes Strong interpersonal, strong communication and documentation Bilingual (French & English) 
ScrapedJobID1272:

ScrapedJobID1273:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Participate in data engineering and transformation design to ensure highly scalable, extensible, and performant solutions. Contribute to data ingestion, transformation and extraction solutions in Enterprise big data platform (EDL) and Global Data and Analytics Platform Contribute to data and project design and delivery for some of highly visible and critical projects across bank Contribute to translating architecture or design into both logical and physical data models that comply with existing (and evolving) standards and practices. Hands on development supporting Data integration, Analytics and Cloud environments. Work with the Bank’s data governance program Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions. Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with Scotiabank’s Values, its Code of Conduct while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions and conduct risk. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Graduate degree in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) related discipline is desirable, along with 7+ years of working in IT and 5+ years practical experience in Data Engineering/Integration and Analytics. 3+ years of experience in working with Hadoop Hive, Apache Sqoop, Apache Spark 3+ years of experience in SQL and ETL Development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with Talend 2+ years of hands-on experience with Python or Java programming. 2+ years of hand on experience with scheduling tools such as Autosys, Tidal, Airflow 2+ years of software development (SDLC) experience in Agile Scrum/Kanban methodology 2+ years of development production support experience is an asset Working experience with DevOps and running Jenkins pipelines Strong communication and presentation skills Excellent understanding of RDBMS concepts (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2) Hands on experience with Unix/Linux Command Line Interface (CLI) and Shell Scripting Experience with code repository, version control and code promotion tools such as Git/bitbucket and Jenkins We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1274:
in platform engineering: 5 years (required) supporting Apple macOS in an enterprise: 2 years (required) JAMF (Jamf 200, Jamf 300, Jamf 400) or other MDM solutions: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1275:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1276:
The Senior Full Stack Engineer will be part of a cross-functional team, building cloud native applications for the financial services industry The role will require the SFS Engineer to develop code, create CI/CD pipelines, and configure/deploy applications on the cloud This role will use Python Spark (PySpark) in a big data environment to bring in external data from various data links (hedge fund data, financials information, etc) and then present the data to the client via a dashboard where clients can get a single point of financial data (status of their portfolio, etc) The position is highly focused on converting data and data engineering vs application programming, but it is not just a back end solution, there is a front end development to build a UI on top of the data links 5+ years Software Engineering experience 2+ years Python (PySpark) 2+ years with AWS Experience with relational DB (ideally MySQL) Experience with NoSql databases (ideally DynamoDB) Experience working with Agile teams Exposure to creating and deploying to CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of financial industry Experience working with Agile 
ScrapedJobID1277:
Engage in technical discussion of new solutions and architectures. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Ensure that technical decisions support our goals of quality, performance, scalability, reliability, availability, and security. Work with our operations team to improve the architecture while building and scaling services. Build new features with a focus on testability and extensibility. Opportunity to revamp our data architecture and make it more nimble, efficient, and powerful Drive new insights based on continuous improvements to our data infrastructure and be the liaison between Engineering, Data, and the End Users You’re a professional with 5 + years of experience building amazing things that speak for themselves. Experience working with Python and Django. Async Python experience. An understanding of SQL and relational database design. Optional, but preferred understanding of asynchronous programming, Postgres, JSON Web APIs, AWS, Jenkins, Django Rest Framework, Linux. Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken. Excellent interpersonal skills (collaborate, facilitate, and negotiate). Understanding of cloud platforms and experience deploying on AWS. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1278:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 3+ years of software development using both static and dynamic languages; Java, C#, C++, Ruby, Python, JavaScript, etc. Experience with tools such as Cassandra, Solr, and other NoSQL databases Experience with private and/or public cloud (Azure, AWS, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1279:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1280:
B.S. degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Information Technology, or similar field 6+ years of RF circuit and systems design/architecture experience from requirement analysis to circuit simulation to board layout to testing. Exposure to private and/or public cloud in a RF/wireless/telecommunications domain is a strong asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1281:

ScrapedJobID1282:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1283:
Provide a strategy and recommendation for the optimal data center management approach post 2025 (expiration of current contract) along with a comprehensive plan to achieve this outcome. Conduct required financial, legal and business impact analysis for various options to manage CPCG’s data center requirements post 2025. Be the Innovapost prime for DC vendor and advise on licensing and contracts disposition and associated roadmap for decommissioning off the current on-premise data center provider to the recommended approach. Manage IT investments (financial and technology) decisions for our existing DC IT Infrastructure in coming years in line with the proposed long-term DC and cloud strategy Engage with stakeholders across the organization to understand current state of the on-premise data center contracts, and underlying legal, financial obligations and timing sensitivities Develop a financial model for future cost savings of migrating off the current on-premise data center provider based on optimizations derived by renegotiating licenses and contracts for managed services, platform and 3rd party products including the current Azure cloud services Present findings to executive stakeholders in a clear and concise manner Domain knowledge: Deep understanding of IT Infrastructure ecosystem and leading-edge Datacenter technologies as well as knowledge and understanding of IaaS, PaaS, and managed services related to IT infrastructure services Business Analysis: understanding of business case development; able to effectively gather information across domains; able to synthesize information, conduct quantitative analysis, and provide recommendations Datacenter Financial Management: strong knowledge of datacenter operations and financial implications of products and services provided 3rd party operators Stakeholder Management: 10+ experience in collaborating with multiple stakeholders internally; work with all types of organization stakeholders including senior executives, management team, business partners and technical staff Legal Analysis: ability to understands contracts and absorb key legal terms and their implications on the business from a risk perspective and financial exposure License and Contract Negotiations: ability to negotiate terms and conditions that provide a risk-free and optimal path forward for our organization and 3rd parties w.r.t. outstanding contracts and licenses. 10+ years of experience in IT data center management Previous experience in providing strategic advice to (IT) executive on vendor management and strategy Enhanced Reliability Security Clearance 5+ years of experience in commercial contract negotiations and vendor management is highly desirable Experience in IT Service Management Experience in one or more Agile and/or Cloud transformations i.e. transitioning from traditional IT methodologies to a cloud environment Academic: undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (required) Graduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (Asset) Certifications with one or more of the leading CSPs (Asset) Minimum 10 years’ experience in progressively advancing roles within IT. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation 
ScrapedJobID1284:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1285:

ScrapedJobID1286:
Provide a strategy and recommendation for the optimal data center management approach post 2025 (expiration of current contract) along with a comprehensive plan to achieve this outcome. Conduct required financial, legal and business impact analysis for various options to manage CPCG’s data center requirements post 2025. Be the Innovapost prime for DC vendor and advise on licensing and contracts disposition and associated roadmap for decommissioning off the current on-premise data center provider to the recommended approach. Manage IT investments (financial and technology) decisions for our existing DC IT Infrastructure in coming years in line with the proposed long-term DC and cloud strategy Engage with stakeholders across the organization to understand current state of the on-premise data center contracts, and underlying legal, financial obligations and timing sensitivities Develop a financial model for future cost savings of migrating off the current on-premise data center provider based on optimizations derived by renegotiating licenses and contracts for managed services, platform and 3rd party products including the current Azure cloud services Present findings to executive stakeholders in a clear and concise manner Domain knowledge: Deep understanding of IT Infrastructure ecosystem and leading-edge Datacenter technologies as well as knowledge and understanding of IaaS, PaaS, and managed services related to IT infrastructure services Business Analysis: understanding of business case development; able to effectively gather information across domains; able to synthesize information, conduct quantitative analysis, and provide recommendations Datacenter Financial Management: strong knowledge of datacenter operations and financial implications of products and services provided 3rd party operators Stakeholder Management: 10+ experience in collaborating with multiple stakeholders internally; work with all types of organization stakeholders including senior executives, management team, business partners and technical staff Legal Analysis: ability to understands contracts and absorb key legal terms and their implications on the business from a risk perspective and financial exposure License and Contract Negotiations: ability to negotiate terms and conditions that provide a risk-free and optimal path forward for our organization and 3rd parties w.r.t. outstanding contracts and licenses. 10+ years of experience in IT data center management Previous experience in providing strategic advice to (IT) executive on vendor management and strategy Enhanced Reliability Security Clearance 5+ years of experience in commercial contract negotiations and vendor management is highly desirable Experience in IT Service Management Experience in one or more Agile and/or Cloud transformations i.e. transitioning from traditional IT methodologies to a cloud environment Academic: undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (required) Graduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (Asset) Certifications with one or more of the leading CSPs (Asset) Minimum 10 years’ experience in progressively advancing roles within IT. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation 
ScrapedJobID1287:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Engage with the team to design and develop best-in-class features Collaborate with cross-functional peers as we productize your work Support the team to resolve issues reported by our customers Innovate as you research new technologies and resolve complex problems Share well developed product knowledge with peers, internal customers and new entrants into department Construct and contribute to major project high level design strategy Play an active role in assisting manager on delivery related activities Recommend innovative solutions with a total system view and add to the patent portfolio Promote a positive team environment that uses the combined strengths of individual members to achieve organizational goals Define system and architecture and/or write customer product specifications Help the team define the roadmap and make decisions Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering program Minimum 5 years of professional experience as a developer in the related domain Experience designing and developing scalable, high-performance, and highly-available embedded and/or server applications Experience developing client/server applications in C++ (knowledge of C++14 features, Boost, and STL is a plus) Experience with Cloud frameworks (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, and OpenStack) Experience developing applications that makes use of Block and Object Storage (e.g. S3) Experience with real-time operating systems, inter-process communication and multi-threaded applications Experience with embedded system development and cross platform development Familiar with object-oriented design and design patterns Familiar with networking and TCP/IP, UDP, RTP, HTTP protocols Experience with container technologies (e.g. Docker and Kubernetes) Experience in an Agile software development environment (SCRUM and JIRA) Independent and willing to take initiative Excellent verbal and written communication skills Image, video and audio compression and/or analytical processing, multimedia streaming and storage formats, AVI file format Hardware architectures, memory, and I/O devices ARM programming Familiarly with SQL, NoSQL, and time series databases Experience with ActiveX, DirectX, Direct3D, web protocols, web development, Python and/or JavaScript frameworks. Familiar with GitLab and Yocto Linux distribution Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1288:
Building enterprise cloud enabled distributed systems. You know legacy monolithic architecture and how to convert to a micro service based architecture. You will provide technical and organization leadership and are quick to establish and leverage relationships to deliver excellent results. You will provide leadership and guidance to coach, motivate and lead team members to their optimum performance levels and career potential Passionate about engineering excellence with a strong understanding of object-orientated programming. You will provide leadership and guidance to coach, motivate and lead team members to their optimum performance levels and career potential Expert knowledge in J2EE application development frameworks and demonstrate proficiency, quality and passion in your coding ability. Experience in Springboot application Experience in writing test cases in Spock groovy framework Experience in Kinesis streams and Apache Kafka Knack for writing clean, testable, readable, and easily maintainable code Deep knowledge of middleware Java stack, messaging technologies and web containers Comfortable working in an Agile software delivery environment, with exposure to continuous integration and continuous delivery tools. Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application Experience with client side tech stack: HTML, CSS/SCSS, JavaScript, and Angular a bonus You have worked in a fast paced Agile software development environment with continuous integration and continuous delivery tools, and understand how to deliver using an Acceptance Test-Driven development (ATDD) approach. 
ScrapedJobID1289:
Work in cross-functional SCRUM teams to produce and release new applications, features, and enhancements to improve the user experience, applying the full understanding of software engineering discipline and industry best practices Design and rapidly prototype proposed solutions Work closely with senior development team members in major architecture projects, design and implementation Ensure the quality of the applications by using various types of automated testing methods in a continuous integration environment Resolve defects/bugs during pre-production, production, and post-release patches Coordinates technical dependencies with other SCRUM teams Participate in code reviews, analysis, and performance tuning Collaborate with other engineers to share best practices and knowledge of emerging technologies Work with a sense of urgency; embrace mistakes, learn from them, and drive the team toward success 5+ years of professional software development experience building single page web applications with RESTful web services on Windows Post-Secondary Degree in computer science, software engineering or related discipline or equivalent working experience Programming experience developing full stack web applications with the following technologies: C#.Net, JavaScript/TypeScript, JSON, HTML5/CSS, Angular, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing web applications for a commercial SaaS vendor/ISV Experience with design/implementation of microservice architecture Cloud infrastructure platforms such as AWS or Azure or Google Fluent with Microsoft tool set (TFS, Visual Studio, PowerShell), Git Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Demonstrated ability for attention to detail and passion for high quality software Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1290:
Architecture responsibility within a major segment of Technology Architecture Leads technology proof of concepts to ensure feasibility of architecture solutions Hands-on prototyping of new technology solutions Partner with Software Engineering to execute proof of technologies Provides architecture direction for engineers in support of a technical pattern Displays strong thought leadership in pursuit of modern architecture principals and technology modernization Drives continuous technology transformation to minimize technical debt Create a partnership with business, tech, and operations to translate business strategy into technical vision while considering the overall cost of ownership and investment for the future Develop technology blueprints, definition of target state, solution recommendations and roadmaps to solve business and technical needs. Executes on technology governance processes and architecture design reviews, supports ROM sizing, and trade-off analysis. Provides architectural strategy and subject matter expertise in several of the following:
Cloud native and Serverless technologies
Event Driven Architecture
Microservices Architecture
Container Technologies
Integration Architecture
Digital Enablement
Cybersecurity
Infrastructure-as-Code
Large scale data architecture (ODL, ADL, LDL)
Cloud Analytics (AI, ML, Augmented, MaaS, DaaS)
Databases (Relational, NoSql, NewSql, Cloud Native)
Information Delivery Stack (ETL, DW, BI, Reporting, Data Visualizing)
One or more development platforms (.Net, Java, NodeJS, Python, MERN) Cloud native and Serverless technologies Event Driven Architecture Microservices Architecture Container Technologies Integration Architecture Digital Enablement Cybersecurity Infrastructure-as-Code Large scale data architecture (ODL, ADL, LDL) Cloud Analytics (AI, ML, Augmented, MaaS, DaaS) Databases (Relational, NoSql, NewSql, Cloud Native) Information Delivery Stack (ETL, DW, BI, Reporting, Data Visualizing) One or more development platforms (.Net, Java, NodeJS, Python, MERN) Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related field. 4 years experience in enterprise, application, technology and/or information architecture required. 5 years experience in enterprise, application, technology and/or information architecture preferred. Technical Knowledge: Has a solid working knowledge of capabilities and direction of technology, coupled with an in-depth knowledge of the technology required and the needs of business environment necessary to support assigned projects. Develops solutions to meet business needs that reflect a clear understanding of the objectives, practices and procedures of the corporation, department and business unit. Problem Solving & Decision Making: Demonstrates sound analytical and diagnostic skills dealing with issues that are not readily defined and/or conflict with available information. Knows where to obtain information needed to make the appropriate decisions. Breaks a problem down to manageable pieces and implements effective, timely solutions. Strong ability to identify the problem versus the symptom. Deals increasingly with problems that require involvement of others to solve. Has the ability to reach sound decisions quickly. Carefully evaluates alternative risks and solutions before taking action. Optimizes the use of all available resources. Has a solid working knowledge of capabilities and direction of technology, coupled with an in-depth knowledge of the technology required and the needs of business environment necessary to support assigned projects. Develops solutions to meet business needs that reflect a clear understanding of the objectives, practices and procedures of the corporation, department and business unit. Management and Team Orientation: Maintains partnerships across the organization, and is able to influence senior management, peers and staff through an inclusive style and recognition of their abilities to achieve results. Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views. Gives and welcomes feedback. Puts success of team above own interest. Commitment to Quality Results: Creates an atmosphere where business partner issues are dealt with professionally and in a timely manner. Suggests solutions that make sense and optimize the value of assigned projects. Communicates openly and effectively in a manner consistent with the audience. Demonstrates an adaptive style that is flexible and effective in gaining cooperation of others. Planning and Project Management: Supports operational planning and provides resource estimation for task planning. Proposes plans of action that are timely, realistic and positive. Sets appropriate goals for projects, and monitors progress against the plan. Financial Awareness: Understands, has input to the budget process, and shares responsibility for cost-effective expense control of assigned projects. Responsible for important and confidential information. 
ScrapedJobID1291:
Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. 5+ years of web-based product management experience; 5+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Comprendre et interpréter l’information afin de développer des hypothèses, définir des expériences pour prouver ou infirmer ces dernières et les mener à terme ; Déterminer, prioriser et évaluer les opportunités présentant le potentiel le plus élevé, puis faire des recommandations en relation avec des projets clés afin de fidéliser et conserver notre clientèle ; Mettre en oeuvre des techniques de développement de la clientèle, de la découverte à la validation, dans le but d’améliorer l’expérience client et de formuler des recommandations ; Coordonner, suivre, analyser et communiquer les objectifs d’affaires pour les produits et les projets ; Transposer de manière efficace les besoins commerciaux en exigences techniques ; Optimiser les produits existants qui représentent un gain différentiel pour l’entreprise ; Collaborer avec l’équipe de développement et de marketing pour évaluer les options techniques ; Participer au traitement du backlog et à la planification des sprints et stand ups quotidiens ; Diriger les activités en matière de planification de release ; Mener les tests d’acceptation ; Mettre en place des KPI pour évaluer les résultats de la performance des projets complétés et recommander de futures améliorations ; Gérer les exigences, le développement et les relations de partenariat d’une plateforme tierce, tel que nécessaire pour supporter les objectifs internes des intervenants. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en gestion de produit Web ; Plus de 5 ans d’expérience avec Node.js ou avec une plateforme similaire ; Plus de 3 ans d’expérience dans un environnement test d’approche CI/CD ; Excellentes connaissances requises en déploiement avec Kubernetes (K8s) ou des systèmes s’en rapprochant ; Diplôme universitaire dans une discipline connexe ou à orientation technique ; Fortes compétences relationnelles et en travail d’équipe ; Aptitudes analytiques exceptionnelles, visant la prise de décisions basées sur l’interprétation de données. 
ScrapedJobID1292:
Key domain leader in designing and building innovative software solutions in the areas of core algorithmic trading API's, models & signals implementations, pre/post trade analytics, back testing and risk functions for the Systematic Investment Trading Desk Develop custom technical solutions and employ industry best practices to build and support Front/Back office applications and platforms from Portfolio Management and Trading Perspectives by applying detailed knowledge of investment management concepts across multiple asset classes. Directly partner with Investment Management division to implement/optimize/support new investment models, strategies across various financial instruments (currencies, futures, rates, equities…etc.) via technical and software implementations Integrate market trading API's into their Order Management and Book of Record/Compliance Systems Design and oversees the data workflow, data engineering and data mining on time-series market data and trade signals, under the direction from the Systematic Trading Desk Professional documentation of methodology, validation testing and specifications used for modeling Identify, prioritize, and manage projects independently and in collaboration with peers as requirements and timelines dictate Key driver of the end user computer technologies Strong Team player Clearly communicates complex concepts Mentoring and developing junior team members Implementations of trade execution and cost analysis based on Investment Management division's research and models Understanding of pre-trade, post-trade of trade workflow and provide suggestions on improvement of efficiencies from software engineering and infrastructure perspective Advanced degree in quantitative subjects such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or Engineering Professional accreditation in Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) and/or Financial Risk Manager (FRM) 10+ years Capital Markets experience with strong investment product knowledge (including OTC-Over the Counter vanilla and exotic derivatives) 10+ years Technical & Quantitative Development experience Solid understanding of systematic investment strategies/processes, quantitative techniques (statistics, optimization), market microstructure, portfolio theories, execution and pre/post trade analytics across several asset classes Experience developing real-time Equity, FX, Futures trading platforms, inclusive of algorithmic and systematic complex event processing at any financial institution. In depth knowledge of the principles, theories, practices and techniques on functional design for all functional components to build high throughput trading applications Experience with software development methodologies and agile development practices Proven java/c/c#/python/SQL experience in capital markets Experience in working with/or developing with time series database, BPIPE, DAPI, OMS is a plus Design and automate testing harnesses for systematic trading, valuation and risk models Previous experience in capital markets, including quantitative research, trading and portfolio analytics Effectively communicate with end users who may not be technical proficient and present ideas in simple but effective manner and translate them into actionable workplans Able to handle stress and manage expectations from different business/technical stakeholders in this fast-paced environment Ability to interact with and build strong working relationships with Traders and technology Teams (Analysts, Developers, Coaches) Excellent technical and non-technical verbal and written communication skills Comfortable working in a multidisciplinary team of varying skill levels Comfortable working in an environment with a high rate of change and, when appropriate, willingness to step outside of primary role in order to facilitate successful outcomes Passionate about improving your own skills as well as those of your colleagues through knowledge sharing and mentoring They are innovators who use the latest tools, technologies and lean processes in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS Cloud, Kubernetes, Java, C#, Javascript, HTML5, MSSQL Server, SAP Hana, Python). They have an entrepreneurial mindset overseeing our projects from end-to-end. Their principles are focused on delivering true customer value in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. They are champions at delivering trade messaging solutions for trade workflow automation of multiple asset classes, leveraging DevOps for automated testing and deployment pipelines and using Amazon Web Services for dynamic infrastructure. They explore the boundaries of what technology can do so we can provide the ideal solutions to solve business problems. They are friendly, diverse, collaborative, passionate and with limitless potential. They are students and teachers to each other to ensure we are cultivating a high-performance team. They are your cheerleaders and mentors to unleash your potential and help grow your career.We enable you to develop your skills by challenging the status quo and solving problems within the technology landscape, like volume (machine learning, back testing), velocity (streaming data, complex event processing) and variety (structured and non-structured data) to arrive to meaningful decisions. 
ScrapedJobID1293:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design and implement test case automation in a Java-based test automation framework. Work with design team and verification engineer to gather requirement on test case design. Assist continuous integration team in deploying test cases in the continuous integration flow. Configure and troubleshoot automation test environment, including the setup of DU/vDU, UE and UE simulators. Debug, collect and discover new requirements to improve test automation framework. Solid Java development skill in Linux environment. 5-10 years of experience in test automation for embedded software. Strong understanding of integration test methodology and test automation design. Knowledge of Cloud-Native infrastructure based on Kubernetes/Docker microservices and containers. Knowledge of mobile network architecture, 3GPP standards for physical layer, signaling layer and protocol layer, TCP/IP inter-networking. You are a self-learner and are comfortable in picking up knowledge from documentation, wiki pages and forums. You enjoy problem-solving and making things work. You have a friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1294:
Providing technical expertise in medium to complex projects as a Technical Lead capable of providing guidance and advice to the team Interfacing with technical, operational and business client areas to resolve application, security and network/communication issues Developing and test code from design specifications, as well as implement and support enhancements to applications and suggest improvements where possible Working closely in collaboration with Architects and other cross functional team members in creating design documents, outlining overview, diagrams, technical requirements and solutions that best addresses a business need Participating in code review of other team members and recommend suggestions for improvement where appropriate to ensure high quality product Providing leadership in production support issues and carry after-hours support phone on a rotational basis Mentoring and coaching other team members on technical issues Proficiency in:

Microservices development using Spring Boot framework , Spring Cloud and Spring Security Patterns Microservices, API Gateway (Zuul), Spring Boot with Redis Cache
JUnit and other Unit/Integration testing frameworks
Developing enterprise applications using Java EE, Spring framework , Java Design Patterns , Aspect-Oriented Programming and Spring Framework Dependency Injection, React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, NodeJs, Redux, NPM, JEST, JSON
oAuth2 Authentication patterns
Web User Interface Accessibility practices
GIT for source code repository and Maven / Gradle for build.
Tools such as Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA Microservices development using Spring Boot framework , Spring Cloud and Spring Security Patterns Microservices, API Gateway (Zuul), Spring Boot with Redis Cache JUnit and other Unit/Integration testing frameworks Developing enterprise applications using Java EE, Spring framework , Java Design Patterns , Aspect-Oriented Programming and Spring Framework Dependency Injection, React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, NodeJs, Redux, NPM, JEST, JSON oAuth2 Authentication patterns Web User Interface Accessibility practices GIT for source code repository and Maven / Gradle for build. Tools such as Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA Experience with:
JPA and Hibernate integrations
Pivotal Cloud Foundry
Using Jenkins for building CI/CD pipelines and using SonarQube for Code Quality
Designing and implementing RESTful JAX-RS services, good knowledge of HTTP specifics and tools like POSTMAN or SOAPUI
Implementing clients for SOAP JAX-WS Services - WSDL contracts
SQL queries
Scanning tools i.e, Fortify , WebInspect and Black duck scanning
Spring Cloud Circuit Breaker Hystrix
Knowledge of Azure, GCP, Docker, Splunk, Dynatrace, Stackdriver is an asset JPA and Hibernate integrations Pivotal Cloud Foundry Using Jenkins for building CI/CD pipelines and using SonarQube for Code Quality Designing and implementing RESTful JAX-RS services, good knowledge of HTTP specifics and tools like POSTMAN or SOAPUI Implementing clients for SOAP JAX-WS Services - WSDL contracts SQL queries Scanning tools i.e, Fortify , WebInspect and Black duck scanning Spring Cloud Circuit Breaker Hystrix Knowledge of Azure, GCP, Docker, Splunk, Dynatrace, Stackdriver is an asset We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1295:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1296:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1297:

ScrapedJobID1298:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1299:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1300:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Lead Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Works with Engineering Lead to understand goals and priorities and strategically approach their work. There is a high level of accountability: an SPE should be able to tactically adjust work to meet shifting timelines and requirements, and speak into the need to increase, decrease, or change scope. Receiving and giving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them Drive value through consistently requiring few iterations on their work and by avoiding critical architectural errors. There should be a focus on thinking first: proposals, outlines, and diagrams should precede complex feature work. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Consistent Delivery of high quality code and meeting/exceeding our code standards Documentation of well considered technical architecture for complex feature work Creation of tangible outputs showing core competency across our stack Mentorship of peers through knowledge sharing Consistent Identification of strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery Proficiency in software design architecture and development. Minimum 5 years using modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, Graph QL or can display equivalent skill level Experienced in Full Stack development You have a strong understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure Strong with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have proficiency in design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience Experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C Eexperience implementing DevOps MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1301:
Comprendre les enjeux et les exigences contractuelles des projets; contribuer à l’élaboration et à la révision des plans d’exécution BIM; s’assurer que les changements de procédures et de normes sont intégrés efficacement aux projets; Assumer la responsabilité de tâches ou de projets définis sous une supervision limitée; gérer les données BIM du projet; réviser régulièrement les modèles afin d’assurer la conformité avec les normes et les exigences du projet; Développer des modèles et des livrables de haute qualité, de manière organisée et méthodique; Travailler en collaboration avec l’équipe de conception en génie des structures, notamment en fournissant des recommandations techniques lors des phases de conception et de construction; Mettre en œuvre les procédures en matière de changements organisationnels, de conformité aux normes/codes et de vérification des interférences; informer l’équipe de conception de tout problème de coordination pertinent et appuyer celle-ci dans la mise en œuvre de solutions à ce chapitre; Communiquer, tant sur le plan technique que non-technique, avec des personnes de tous les niveaux; fournir du soutien technique et de l’encadrement à l’équipe de projet, au besoin; développer du matériel destiné aux séances de formation et d’orientation; Participer activement au processus de revue des livrables de projet, notamment en révisant les livrables et en préparant les rapports pertinents, l’objectif étant de favoriser une revue efficace et de s’assurer que la conception globale est adéquate et conforme aux exigences de livraison de chacune des disciplines; Soutenir la mise en œuvre de méthodologies harmonisées dans le cadre des processus de conception et de livraison des projets par BIM; mettre en œuvre et soutenir l’amélioration continue de nos différents outils, logiciels et méthodes d’automatisation, tant au sein de l’équipe BIM locale que régionale. Baccalauréat ou diplôme technique en génie, en architecture, en informatique ou l’équivalent; Au moins cinq (5) ans d’expérience dans le secteur de la conception/construction de bâtiments; Maîtrise des plateformes BIM : Revit, Tekla ou tout autre outil équivalent; Maîtrise des plateformes de DAO/CAO : AutoCAD, Microstation ou tout autre outil équivalent; Maîtrise des plateformes de modélisation : Rhino, Solidworks ou tout autre outil équivalent; Familiarité avec la programmation visuelle (Python, Grasshopper, Dynamo); Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit. Intérêt marqué pour l’environnement bâti et la concrétisation de concepts; Volonté de travailler au sein d’une équipe décentralisée misant particulièrement sur les projets à l’échelle locale; Capacité à établir et à gérer efficacement les priorités; solides compétences organisationnelles requises pour notre environnement en constante évolution; Aisance à faire des présentations; excellentes aptitudes interpersonnelles et forte capacité à communiquer, essentielles pour le travail d’équipe; Enthousiasme, volonté de contribuer à l’essor d’une équipe hautement motivée. Programme de partage des bénéfices; Assurance-maladie personnelle, couvrant tous les membres de votre famille; Contribution équivalente de l’employeur au régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite collectif (RÉER); Vacances et congés payés; Horaire de travail flexible. Understanding project guidelines and contractual requirements, helping to develop/review project BIM execution plans. Ensure any changes in procedure and standards are optimally incorporated on projects. Takes a lead role on defined tasks or projects with limited supervision. Managing the BIM project data sets, regularly reviewing models to ensure compliance with project standards and requirements. Organized and methodical in developing high-quality models and project outputs. Collaborate with the structural engineering design team, providing technical recommendations within both the design and construction phases. Setting up and running organizational change, code compliance and interference checking procedures. Proactively communicating design coordination issues to the design team and helping to implement their resolution. Ability to communicate with people at all levels in both technical and non-technical environments. Providing proactive technical support and mentoring as required to the project team. Developing support material for use in training and onboarding sessions. Active involvement in the project delivery review process, reviewing work and generating reports to help review project discipline deliverables to ensure the overall design fits together and satisfies each discipline’s delivery stage requirements. Champion standard methodologies in BIM project design and delivery processes. At the project and regional BIM team level, actively practice and support ongoing improvements to our automation tools, software and standard methodology workflows. Bachelor’s or Associate degree in Engineering, Architectural Technology, Computer Science or equivalent. 5+ years of experience working in the building design/construction industry Proficiency in a recognized BIM authoring platform – Revit Structures, Tekla or similar production tools. Proficiency in a recognized CAD authoring platform – AutoCAD, Microstation or similar. Proficiency in a recognized Modelling authoring platform – Rhino, Solidworks or similar. Familiarity with programming or visual scripting such as Python, Grasshopper, Dynamo. Bilingual (written and spoken) French & English Interest and passion for all aspects of the built environment and how ideas become reality. Willingness to work as part of a distributed team with a focus at the local level. The ability to organize and prioritize effectively, balance assigned work for our constantly evolving environment Presentation skills, strong interpersonal and communication skills. Enthusiastic, willing to contribute to a highly motivated team. Profit Share Personal Health Insurance, covering all members of your family Generous GRRSP match Paid Time Off (PTO) Flexible Working Policy 
ScrapedJobID1302:
Improve and evolve team and operational procedures to establish best in class capabilities for Security Event governance, cyber incident detection, response and remediation. You will work with technology and infrastructure leaders from across the LCL family of companies and key suppliers, partners, vendors, and managed service providers. You will bring a strong network of security companies, contacts and experience to help lead and build the capabilities to react swiftly and contain cyber threats effectively. Your deep knowledge of securing enterprise architecture, security threats, tactics, techniques and procedures used by threat actors, security and enterprise IT operations, processes and incident and change management, will help you to conduct event monitoring , participate in cyber incident response process to support this mandate. Supplier management and service management skills will be critical to ensure valued delivery and execution of managed security services to LCL. Collaborate with security teams (compliance, risk, architecture and operations) to provide updates and knowledge on all cloud security activities to colleagues across IT K nowledge of Splunk and other monitoring tools, demonstrating both Engineering, Governance, and operation experience . G ood working knowledge of and direct prior experience with enterprise security technologies: Security monitoring and management for cloud Azure Security Center, Azure Sentinel and GCP Cloud Security Command Center Cloud Application Security, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) Security Tools (IDS/IPS, SIEM, Splunk, Packet capturing, forensic encase, AV , DLP , EDR , NAC , email security) Security automation and orchestration tools ( Demisto , Phantom, Cyber Response, ServiceNow Security) Administ ration of Splunk SAAS console including access administration, SAAS capacity management Participate in new log source ingestion/integration, use case development discussions, and provide SME input Scripting knowledge (VBS/JS, Powershell , Bash, Python is an asset In formation security certification is an asset. Experience and/or knowledge of security and privacy enhancing technologies such as identity management, application security and network security technologies Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1303:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1304:
Own what you build as you architect, test, and refine the PaymentEvolution platform Using our development workflow, you’ll tackle a wide variety of technical challenges throughout the stack and contribute daily to our codebase Work closely with product support and design to translate customer feedback into product enhancements Working as part of a talented team of software engineers in an Agile environment to utilize cutting edge technologies including ASP.NET Core, Kendo controls, Entity Framework, API Layer, oData, and REST to design and transformation our mission-critical applications crucial to several rapidly growing lines of business. Recommend, design and create technical improvements in existing capabilities to maximize productivity and optimize security and efficiency. Responsible for the organization and tracking of work within the context of your team. Ensuring solutions are optimized for support, usability, and flexibility. Participating in support and triage activities, including rotational out-of-hours on-call duties. Excited about working across the full-stack and have experience doing so. Passionate about building amazing user experiences (and have live examples to show) Interested in technologies like .NET and can envision scenarios using large data sets, algorithms and machine learning Ambitious, enthusiastic, tenacious, and full of positivity Experience turning wireframes into elegant code that inspires our customers Passionate about creating well-structured, easily maintainable and well documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism. You are a skilled full-stack developer, who has demonstrable experience designing, building, and supporting ASP.NET enterprise applications and APIs to support critical lines of business. You have a strong Lean/Agile mindset and experience working on Agile teams. You can effectively set expectations around the delivery of your work within a team. You have a passion for learning, designing, and implementing new technology and a keen eye for optimization of business process. You are a highly engaged and collaborative team member with exceptional communication skills You are an innovator, skilled at using cutting-edge technologies to solve complex business problems. Help define the system architecture, own and implement specific components, and help shape the overall experience. Collaborate closely with product managers, UX designers and other development team members to help define the scope of the product. You will take responsibility for technical problem solving, creatively meeting product goals, and developing best practices. You will demonstrate cross-functional resource interaction to accomplish your goals. You will design and develop MVC based web applications. Write high-quality, efficient, testable code in C#, JS and other object-oriented languages. Build highly available, secure, scalable applications for various markets Mentor other developers – contributing your time and expertise to help grow them collaboratively Own and operate the systems that you build based on real-time customer data and demanding service-level agreements. Contribute to planning, design, implementation, testing, operations, and process improvement as a member of a Scrum team. University/college degree 4-6 years of real experience (be prepared to showcase your work or samples) Ability to work in a rapidly expanding and changing environment Strong object oriented and software architecture fundamentals. Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Remain engaged, proactive and positive in tough circumstances, owning assignments and taking full accountability for overall team success. Possess strong communication skills and a preference for delivering as part of a team. Able to commute within Quito AND work remote with a business level acceptable work environment, internet access, pre-existing computer system, and privacy. .NET Framework 4.x/.NET Core - Strong implementation skills with ASP.NET including experience with building custom controls and developing with the ASP.NET MVC framework. C# – Expert-level implementation skills with C# Strong experience with Entity Framework (code-first) and Microsoft LINQ Highly conversant on front-end development with modern JS framework/library such as React, Angular, Vue.js developing responsive web applications. Presentation tier experience with Bootstrap, JQuery, Knockout or equivalent, and of course CSS 3.0, HTML 5.0 and jQuery Interoperability experience (REST/OAUTH2/OPENID/AUTH) - Creating and Consuming web services with (Ajax, JSON, XML, Web API) Experience with MVC pattern, AWS, Azure and cloud hosted applications and services will be a definite asset Fluent in GIT source code control and branching strategies Database – Must be highly proficient in SQL preferably across multiple databases. MS SQL Server including stored procedures, functions and schema design. DevOps fundamentals, CI/CD tooling (Azure DevOps) Experience in scaling and performance (C#, SQL, caching technologies such as Redis) Building Node.js/Typescript applications SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft Dynamics Kendo/Telerik controls MongoDB / NodeJS Experience in software architecture Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program 10 hour shift 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) proficient English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1305:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1306:
B.S. degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Information Technology, or similar field 6+ years of RF circuit and systems design/architecture experience from requirement analysis to circuit simulation to board layout to testing. Exposure to private and/or public cloud in a RF/wireless/telecommunications domain is a strong asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1307:
Web Application developed in ASP.NET Core 5.0. Database development and integration (AWS DynamoDB). Containerized application components. Continuous development and delivery in incremental releases using CICD pipelines. Enhanced security and data governance. Documentation and annotated codebase with version control. Tier 2 support of users and stakeholders regarding technical matters. Develop documentation & procedures for Tier 2 support Train staff on above 5+ years in Software Engineer experience
Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development.
Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members.
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team.
Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability.
Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues.
Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, database programming, full-stack web development. Develop and review code in collaboration with other team members. Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes. Ability to conduct technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions within the team. Ability to write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability. Ability to assist skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues. Strong communicator: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to designers, support, and other engineers. Full-stack .NET developer
SQL server 2019
ASP.NET
.Net Core 5
Razor/MVC
Entity Framework Core
Advanced LINQ SQL server 2019 ASP.NET .Net Core 5 Razor/MVC Entity Framework Core Advanced LINQ Web Technologies:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript/Typescript
C#
JSON
JQuery
Bootstrap 4
Third-party JS libraries
Asynchronous communication
REST APIs HTML CSS JavaScript/Typescript C# JSON JQuery Bootstrap 4 Third-party JS libraries Asynchronous communication REST APIs Software Engineering Skills
Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit
Architecture and database design skills
Dependency injection
Maintain multiple branches
Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD)
Containers and cloud-based orchestration services
IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures
DevOps Test-driven design (TDD)
NUnit NUnit Architecture and database design skills Dependency injection Maintain multiple branches Authentication and SSO (AWS Cognito, Azure AD) Containers and cloud-based orchestration services IaaS and Cloud Computing Infrastructures DevOps Collaboration Tools
GitHub
Draw.io
Slack GitHub Draw.io Slack 
ScrapedJobID1308:

ScrapedJobID1309:
Build scalable, reliable, secure systems using open-source technologies that align with Architech's Technology Strategy. Combine Java, Spring Boot, Node.js, AngularJS, React.js as required and appropriate for each project. Leverage data, caching and search solutions such as MongoDB, MySQL, Kafka, Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch, Solr to build performant, data-rich solutions. Secure access to solutions leveraging standards such as OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. Play a pivotal role in the mentorship, guidance, and performance of the Engineers who report directly to you. Angular (6+ years) Led a Team (6mon) Experience working with Node.js. Extensive experience working with GraphQL. Experience working with ReactJS. Strong hands-on experience working with Typescript, JavaScript and CSS is a must have. Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies like Azure and AWS 
ScrapedJobID1310:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1311:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1312:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1313:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6 month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Lead QA efforts across a broad spectrum of cross functional projects Ensure business requirements, Solution, are understood well and test cases/strategy defined to minimize production defects Be hands-on with Oracle Retail Suite of Products (RMS, ReSA, RPM, RIB) Partner with other QA teams (digital, retail, supply chain), design test cases, execution plans to ensure that functionalities built are thoroughly tested Support troubleshooting through solid analytical reasoning Drive test automation efforts for Inventory Systems Platform Work with vendor staffed QA analysts, engineers to drive test execution, planning. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field 8+ years in in design/QA of Oracle Retail Applications (RMS, ReSA, RPM, RIB, RSE services) Strong knowledge & hands-on experience on Oracle Retail customizations 2+ years experience in Test Automation Understanding of selenium based test automation frameworks is needed Basic understanding of cloud based infrastructure and web services Ability to work independently with minimal direction be a self-starter with strong initiative, and ability to manage/execute workload to deliver high quality results. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience in Waterfall & Agile methodology Experience working with high performing transaction systems 
ScrapedJobID1314:

ScrapedJobID1315:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1316:
Participate in the design, implementation, management and maintenance of our Azure Synapse data warehouse. Develop and execute on cloud migration plan of data from legacy and on-premises systems to Cloud based data platform (Azure). Prepare the right database design to support customer facing data products, and internal facing products (reports/dashboards) Use the most up to date technology paradigms to keep us in alignment with external regulatory bodies (Government and OEMs) and internal company policies to ensure the integrity and security of the company data warehouse. Design and help implement automated QA framework for the data platform holistically Utilize your Coach/Player personality to lead and develop people and grow a team of passionate data driven individuals 7 – 10+ years’ experience in a data architecture or data management role. Proven ability to work in distributed systems. Proficiency with Microsoft SQL required. Familiarity with Azure Synapse Data Warehouse. Familiarity with Azure Data Factory for data integration. Microsoft Azure Data Engineer Associate certification preferred. Must be able to develop creative solutions to problems. Strong knowledge of database structure systems and data mining. Excellent organizational and analytical abilities. Outstanding problem solver. Possess a Coach/Player personality Interest in leading people and growing a team Good written and verbal communication skills. Criminal background check required 
ScrapedJobID1317:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces Product development process – it’s more than solely coding. Be collaborative member of the autonomous cross-functional team to define, build, test and deliver innovative enterprise-grade solutions This role will lead systems and environment development for NEW applications based on existing and well-established platforms. There is a large team of industry, product and technical experts to help - you will have all the support you could ask for. We use a modern development stack including Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda & Kinesis and Node.js – we are primarily an open source shop. We run on Atlassian, Slack, Jenkins, GitHub Enterprise, Splunk, AppDynamics and other top industry technologies. You will be working in a stable business environment with strong organizational and management support, so you can focus on your craft. Mastery, Autonomy and Purpose are core tenants that serve to drive us every day. Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or above Passion for high-quality execution, technical and operational excellence. Proven track record working in an agile environment with sharp focus on shipping frequently while managing competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated passion for agile principles, values and continuous improvement of engineering processes Strong believer and promoter of built-in-quality, DevOps mindset and automation Solid understanding of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns and web system architecture 3+ years of experience with high quality object-oriented code 2+ years of professional experience building Node.js backend applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS 2+/ReactJS Solid understanding and experience working with relational DBs like Postgres, MySQL or Oracle Experienced with development for AWS Knowledge with Typescript Experienced in developing REST APIs Strong experience with Git source control Experience in development of large-scale SaaS and cloud-native applications Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior developers Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery Excellent communication and presentation skills to interact with both internal and external people Support continuous improvements initiatives and actively identify bottlenecks and ways to improve engineering practices and development process Promoter of writing well-designed, reusable, testable and efficient code Contribute in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle Strong ability to troubleshooting and resolving issues Knowledgeable with test-driven development Experience with CI/CD process Familiarity with AWS technologies such as Lambda and Kinesis Familiarity with the Serverless Framework Familiarity with micro services Familiarity with MongoDB, DynamoDB or any other No-SQL databases Competitive compensation Health Care insurance, including vision and prescription drugs benefits Dental insurance Employee and Family Assistance Program Life insurance Disability insurance Retirement savings plan Employee stock purchase program Paid holidays and generous paid time off Learning and development resources 
ScrapedJobID1318:
Design new features, automate deployments, and aid in architectural design. You will collaborate with diverse agile teams (i.e. Infrastructure, Information Security, System/Application Development Teams and external partners/vendors) to assist with the implementation of complex innovative features Build infrastructure through code and maintain our high-quality code base by performing code reviews, integrating CI/CD pipelines with security and performance test tools, and automating code quality checks Identifying and diagnosing deficiencies related to systems, coding and infrastructure, and recommending creative solutions for mitigation Be an integral part of the team that builds and operates digital businesses used by millions of Canadians daily Ship code into production and have impact at a national scale Hands on experience with software engineering, computer science, computer engineering or related technical field (experience programming in Java, Python, or GO is asset) Demonstrated success as a DevOps/Full Stack Engineer Enthusiastic experience in troubleshooting technical problems and automating solutions to reduce manual toil Blend of both Development and SRE mindset (i.e. software and infrastructure) Comfortable with Cloud Native platforms (knowledge of Google Cloud Platform is an asset) 
ScrapedJobID1319:
Help estimate effort of engineering tasks Ensure your code is well tested, programmatically and manually Develop any new features Participate in daily/weekly meetings Debug and fix production issues Work closely with other developers Promote best practices for software development and security Mentor and provide code review for other developers Research new technologies and actively contribute to systems design Test changes to our software to ensure a high level of quality Provide technical assistance to our customer success team You will be onboarded with the engineering team and meet your fellow team members and get a sense of how you will fit within the company You will be introduced to our applications and repos You will jump in right away and participate in code reviews You will understand the product roadmap and how your role is a part of this roadmap You are a part of our Pair Program with team members to build your skillset and knowledgebase You are confident and have already shipped your code to Production You have attended support team “ride alongs” You will have a clear understanding of the full breadth of our application and tech stack You are already leading the way with your team on a large project 6+ years of professional experience as a back-end developer Key skills in building high-reliability Python applications Knowledge of cloud platforms, containers and Kubernetes Knowledge of JS and frameworks such as React and Angular Bachelors or advanced degree in IT, computer science, engineering, business, design, human-computer interaction or related field or equivalent work experience Ability to convincingly articulate complex analytical ideas in a simple way to a variety of key stakeholders from different functions Strong leader, educator, and coaching skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CD/CI) pipelines Experience working in an agile environment with code review. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1320:
This is a bilingual role (French/English) and the location is Montreal. 
ScrapedJobID1321:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1322:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1323:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1324:

ScrapedJobID1325:
Lead the implementation, configuration, and daily operation of Information Security technologies that are implemented in cloud environments and on-premise Manage and support Security technology across various business units for the client Monitor and advise on Information Security compliance related to IT to ensure security controls are functioning appropriately Support the ongoing Security control processes within the enterprise which includes security technologies, networks, information systems, and endpoints both on-premise and in the cloud Influences internal partners to ensure they build solutions consistent with the organization's planned policies, programs, architectural recommendations, and Information Security standards Manage requirements documentation, analyzes opinions, and proposes solutions that leverage resources for highly sophisticated projects Assist in the design and implementation of resilient Information Security architecture and technologies for efficient threat protection, monitoring, and Incident Response Analyzes threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to environment including the identification and resolution of false-positive findings in assessment results, as well as perform compensating controls analysis and validate the efficacy of existing controls Understanding of threat models, impact levels, and the different approaches and methodologies i.e. black/grey/white box testing Develop innovative and secure solutions and provide mentorship for our clients' stakeholders Work with Security and IT stakeholders to implement a risk management program that allows for the identification and remediation of Information Security risks Advise the organization about Information Security threats, technologies, and related regulatory requirements Develop and implement Information Security metrics, measurement criteria, and reporting to ensure compliance and continuous improvement for cloud tools and environments Assesses information technology control elements to mitigate IT risks regarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of business information 5+ years of Security System administration and engineering experience 2+ years of SOC experience, or responding to cybersecurity investigations 2+ years experience with SIEM, DLP, and CASB CCSP, CCSK, CISSP, CISM, ISO 27001/27002 certifications as an asset 2+ years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform capabilities and best practices architectures, Google Compute Platform (GCP) an asset Experience with Splunk, Tripwire, HX, Qradar, McAfee, F5, Imperva, Nexpose, Fortinet, or similar technologies Virtualization and cloud platforms: VMware, Xenserver and KVM, OpenStack, Cloudstack, AWS, GCP Linux and/or Windows administration and troubleshooting experience Programming/scripting experience, preferably with a diversity of languages Proficient in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components such as Apache, IIS, memcache, MySQL, SQL Server, etc. Experience utilizing or implementing the MITRE ATT&CK framework. Experience with UEBA and other Security Analytics Platforms. General Networking skills required (Layer 2 & 3 switches, OSI Model, TCP/IP, SNMP, etc.) Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to communicate with customers, vendors and partners, and across all levels of the organization Ability to interact, develop, engineer, and communicate at the highest technical levels of interpersonal decision-making Excellent oral and written communications for the development of the security program, strategy, guidelines, policies, standards, and for presentations to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels of the organization Ability to build and work with multi-disciplinary teams to achieve goals and to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Works well under pressure and time constraints and can prioritize competing priorities appropriately Strong business and technical acumen. 10% Target Bonus DC Pension (with 4% matching) ESPP (Optional) - with matching up to $3500/yr 3 weeks vacation+ 2 Personal Day + 2 Impact Days (for Charity work) Benefits Start the first day 
ScrapedJobID1326:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1327:
Proven team leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allows you to develop and mentor others as well as build credibility with your team while executing broader engineering and development strategies. Proven technical leadership skills using technologies and frameworks such as PHP, .NET, Vue.js/React, HTML, Javascript, etc. Developed processes for various types of technical projects / requests Have prepared guidelines, and best practices for design documentation, coding standards, and devops processes. Experience with defining and measuring OKRs/KPIs as well as coaching and training new or underperforming teammates Planned, designed, developed, and shipped multiple large-scale web application software projects of high quality. Maintained successful large-scale legacy web applications Experience with at least one Cloud-infrastructure service (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Services) Excellent communication skills and can translate highly-technical concepts to (non-technical) internal stakeholders 3+ years managing a team of developers/engineers 8+ years professional experience in software development with multiple web programming languages (.NET, PHP, JavaScript, or similar) BS degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Full-time position, available to start immediately Flexible Hours Creative sanctuary/office is located in Sherwood Park Health Benefits Paid vacation within the first year Gym Membership Monthly team-building event (we take the afternoon off to do something fun in the city as a team) Professional development - opportunities to attend industry conferences and seminars around North America to sharpen skills and stay up to date 
ScrapedJobID1328:

ScrapedJobID1329:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering/Information Technology or a related field of study, or equivalent level of education and experience. 7+ years of experience with data analytics, developing and maintaining data warehouses to feed advanced analytics and deploying analytical models within an organization. 7+ years of experience designing conceptual, logical and physical data models to structure complex data into a data warehouse aligning to the overall enterprise architecture. Experience with cloud-based data warehouse architecture preferably in Azure. Experience developing cloud-based solutions using Microsoft Azure Data Stack (ADFv2, Azure Data Lake Gen2, Azure Databricks, Analysis Services, Azure Functions, etc.). Experience with big data processing frameworks and techniques such as HDFS, MapReduce, Spark, Hive etc. Experience with Machine learning pipelines and data modelling, Stored Procedures, REST API creation and consumption. Experience building CI/CD pipelines. Expertise in one of the Data modeling and architecture tools such as Erwin, Power designer, SQL DBM etc. Advanced skill with Excel, Python, SQL, NoSQL, R, Power BI, GIT, PowerShell, CLI. Advanced coding skills and practices (concurrency, distributed systems, functional principles, performance optimization). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Work closely with data engineers, data analysts and solution architects to design, build and maintain batch and real-time reusable production data pipelines for large sets of data. Solution complex data engineering problems to directly support and deliver for strategic data initiatives. Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality. Ensure data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. Improve and automate, where possible, the data pipelines for workforce data analytics, and integrations between various systems. Translate data requirements into detailed designs and pipeline architecture, ensuring proper documentation of methodology. Drive thought leadership and define best practices around data extraction, data modeling, consumption, and governance. Create logical and physical data models and restructure data warehouse based on latest architectures, tools, and technology. Adapt to new technologies in Microsoft Azure Cloud. 
ScrapedJobID1330:
Work with talented co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Developing software for a highly available cloud service Designing and refactoring software with scalability, resiliency and performance Contribute in defining user stories Participating as a mentor to other engineers A degree or diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field 5+ years experience in enterprise application development with Java Experience developing applications for a cloud environment Experience with relational databases Solid knowledge of unit, integration and automation testing methodologies Experience working in an Agile environment Comfortable building metrics and monitoring Knowledge and experience working with software architecture design patterns 
ScrapedJobID1331:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1332:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1333:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Lead by example, developing efficient, high-performance software, implementing front end using ReactJS Conducts code reviews delivered by the team, ensuring high quality Mentors and builds relationships with team members Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are held and projects remain on track Contributes to QA efforts where needed Represents RM in settings where deep knowledge of our tech stack is needed such as RFPs, Security Audits, employee on-boarding, etc. Minimum of 5+ years of experience developing web applications in a similar position, implementing applications in a front-end capacity using ReactJS University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development Experience with ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1334:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces Product development process – it’s more than solely coding. Be collaborative member of the autonomous cross-functional team to define, build, test and deliver innovative enterprise-grade solutions This role will lead systems and environment development for NEW applications based on existing and well-established platforms. There is a large team of industry, product and technical experts to help - you will have all the support you could ask for. We use a modern development stack including Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda & Kinesis and Node.js – we are primarily an open source shop. We run on Atlassian, Slack, Jenkins, GitHub Enterprise, Splunk, AppDynamics and other top industry technologies. You will be working in a stable business environment with strong organizational and management support, so you can focus on your craft. Mastery, Autonomy and Purpose are core tenants that serve to drive us every day. Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or above Passion for high-quality execution, technical and operational excellence. Proven track record working in an agile environment with sharp focus on shipping frequently while managing competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated passion for agile principles, values and continuous improvement of engineering processes Strong believer and promoter of built-in-quality, DevOps mindset and automation Solid understanding of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns and web system architecture 3+ years of experience with high quality object-oriented code 2+ years of professional experience building Node.js backend applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS 2+/ReactJS Solid understanding and experience working with relational DBs like Postgres, MySQL or Oracle Experienced with development for AWS Knowledge with Typescript Experienced in developing REST APIs Strong experience with Git source control Experience in development of large-scale SaaS and cloud-native applications Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior developers Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery Excellent communication and presentation skills to interact with both internal and external people Support continuous improvements initiatives and actively identify bottlenecks and ways to improve engineering practices and development process Promoter of writing well-designed, reusable, testable and efficient code Contribute in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle Strong ability to troubleshooting and resolving issues Knowledgeable with test-driven development Experience with CI/CD process Familiarity with AWS technologies such as Lambda and Kinesis Familiarity with the Serverless Framework Familiarity with micro services Familiarity with MongoDB, DynamoDB or any other No-SQL databases Competitive compensation Health Care insurance, including vision and prescription drugs benefits Dental insurance Employee and Family Assistance Program Life insurance Disability insurance Retirement savings plan Employee stock purchase program Paid holidays and generous paid time off Learning and development resources 
ScrapedJobID1335:
Design and develop new application components and APIs using Python and Django framework Develop and improve existing reusable back-end components Manage the interchange of data between the external data sources and internal APIs Write effective, well tested and scalable code Work with all areas within the organization (Financial Engineers, Client Experience Managers, Quant and Developers) to understand functional and technical requirements, and help them set up, create and populate applications Deployment of enterprise application into AWS and production environment BS in Computer Science or equivalent area Have at least 1-2 years of work experience as a Software Engineer Software development experience in Python is a must SQL experience is a must Shell scripting is a plus Experience in PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch is a plus Familiarity with Git and GitHub Experience with Django is a plus AWS Cloud and operations experience is nice to have Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Opportunity to join a fast-growing Fintech startup experiencing hyper-growth Working every day with shiny happy people at a company where your voice is valued and given importance Culture of collaboration, innovation and internal mobility Competitive base salary with bonus Comprehensive healthcare benefits and vacation package Flexible hours, 3 days per week working from home before Covid-19. During the pandemic, we are 100% remote. Experience Fintech without seeing people with ties and grey suits Mac or Windows: choose what suits you Paid time off Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1336:

ScrapedJobID1337:
You have 5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience but still have a curiosity and malleability to learn new things (we are not tied to just one tech stack at Benevity) You are not new to cloud-based architecture Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design You are happy to get fast feedback and are on board with trunk-based development, behaviour-driven development, and understanding how users use what you have built You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach) You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience Strong skills in Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM); Identity management / federated identity management; GDPR / Data Residency / Personal Identifiable Information (PII); Single Sign-On (SSO) / OpenID Connect (OIDC); Access Management (Authentication / Authorization) and OAuth / SCIM; User Pools / Identity Pools; Okta / Amazon Cognito / Auth0 Hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas: web (JavaScript, HTML, frontend frameworks) development, mobile (iOS, Android) development, backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby) development Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities Experience with Laravel or Springboot Experience with continuous integration / continuous deployment in the context of data platforms and business intelligence Experience working in an agile environment AWS-specific experience would be highly desirable 
ScrapedJobID1338:

ScrapedJobID1339:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1340:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1341:
Experience designing and writing multi-process, or multi-threaded, firmware running within an RTOS and/or embedded POSIX compliant OS/or QNX operating system. 
ScrapedJobID1342:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1343:

ScrapedJobID1344:

ScrapedJobID1345:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 12-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Supports Business Analyst on functional requirements with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Engages with solution architects and engineers to design and configure solutions. Leads design discussions with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Has strong sense of ownership with the ability to drive clarity in complex and ambiguous scenarios. Proficient with systems-thinking and able to articulate them to various groups across the organization. Owns making configuration within the selected platforms Provides technical oversight and guides teams to resolve complex and severe technical issues. Supports one or more moderately to highly complex business processes Champions best practices around data standards, policies, and procedures Serves as a team member, sometimes as a technical lead, sometimes as a business analyst Leads end-to-end testing as a SME and supports business stakeholders during UAT. Uses structured tools for analysis and presentation of concepts and models to support the business needs (requirements) Uses appropriate visualizations for a given metric or nature of data Captures business needs (functional requirements) and translates them into technical requirements (configurations) Connects the system outputs and data to SLA Responsible for the Technical Acceptance Criteria during the inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of the solution Configures modules and platform workflows in their designated system (i.e. CBX) Defines, plans and executes scenario-based test plans (UAT execution) Develops, maintains, and communicates support documentations to the end-users (i.e UAT, Release Notes) Works collaboratively with other team members to ensure system modifications meet business needs Proven experience with large-scale systems/application implementation. 7+ years as Systems or Business Analyst; 10+ years in IT; Experience with SaaS implementation Excellent spoken and written communication skills (verbal and non-verbal) Excellent system mapping tools like Visio, Draw.io Solid Experience in managing data warehouses and ETL pipelines (Min. 3 years) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (advanced data modeling skills required) Good understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bring solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. 3+ years of experience with at least one framework (ie. Spring Boot, JSP) 3+ years of experience developing test cases in jUnit Experience working with SOAP & REST WebServices Knowledge of SQL scripts for analysis and reporting (SQL) Strong understanding of Java applications deployed in a distributed environment Should have a background of having worked with reporting technologies – PowerBI preferred. Ability to create detailed, high quality, design deliverables Working experience with cloud-native technologies Should have experience working with multiple teams Must have experience working in agile methodology and scrum teams. Education: Min. Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering, Information Systems, or related fields Must have: Working experience in dealing with big data and large-scale enterprise systems Desired: Retail experience is a plus. Desired: Working experience with cloud platforms namely AWS 
ScrapedJobID1346:
Demonstrate competency in the software development practices performed by Scrum and Waterfall teams Develop product features for any or all of the following: data marketplaces, mobile applications, web applications, API services and integration workflows Participate in migration to the public cloud within the team as appropriate Contribute to test automation and participating in peer reviews to increase product quality Maintain a production-first mindset focused on scale, uptime, and ability to rapidly triage/resolve production issues Work under general direction and consistently delivers on commitments Participate in data and query analysis and optimization to deliver scalable, performant products and services Participate in new feature development, automated tests, and the implementation of security controls Experience working in Agile Scrum teams, suggesting, and contributing to improvements (getting better/faster/happier) Conform with all company policies and procedures Demonstrates software development proficiency Forms relationships to effectively accomplish tasks and manage dependencies Strong interpersonal, verbal, and writing skills Perform other duties as assigned Hands on experience in MVC ASP.Net core, C#. Net, web Service, SQL Server /Oracle Having experience to apply best practices in areas like, Coding, application performance tuning and Unit testing Experience in Implementation and deployment of web application and services Experience in JSON, XML, Web Services Good knowledge of web development and OOPS concept Good knowledge of SDLC Good Knowledge of SOA Concepts, WSDL, Schemas, Rest Services Good to Have experience in Agile Methodology Language/Tools: ASP.Net MVC , C#, .Net Core, WCF services, , Entity Framework, , Web services, Windows Services, Console, LINQ to SQL, LINQ to XML, Generics, Attributes, Exceptions, Collections, ADO.Net, Threads, Delegates, Events, Serialization, Data Streams, Sockets API: WebAPI, Restful API's Framework: .Net Framework 4.5, 4.0, 3.5, 3.0, .Net Core 2,3.1, 5.0 UI: JavaScript, JQuery, Angular TypeScript 6, HTML5, CSS, JSON Database: Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle Source Code: Git, TFS, SVN or any Pipeline Automation/Cloud: Azure DevOps, GitHub, Jenkins IDE/Others: Visual Studio 20XX Language/Tools: Java UI: React.js, HTML, XML Database: NOSQL, Mango DB ETL/Reporting Tools: SSIS, SSRS Code Scanning: SonarQube, Checkmarx Others: SOAPUI, Postman Operating systems: Windows, Linux 
ScrapedJobID1347:
Design, build, test, and deploy highly-available services that improve patient centric healthcare at scale. Use data to support product decisions and prioritize the right projects for the team. Use the right language and framework for the challenge at hand. Build great user experiences that allow customers to easily understand powerful data tools. Own product decisions end-to-end and bring structure to a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Train other team members on your specialities to ensure a cross functional team 4+ years of software engineering experience in a web/mobile development in and infrastructure. Bonus points for experience in the digital health or healthcare space. Experience in backend technologies: Django, AWS, Heroku, RMDB, Reddis, Restful APIs, Application security, containers, and scripting languages. Experience in modern web technologies HTML5, CSS3, Django, and react native. Experience with Snowflake, Databricks, and other modern cloud data tools a bonus. A proponent of diverse and inclusive engineering cultures, and a commitment to fostering such an environment. Unafraid to communicate what’s working and what needs to change. Someone who is energized by ambiguity and can create structure in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Our tech stack immediately consists of Django, Native React, and AWS. Do you have experience in all three of the technologies? Django: 2 years (required) AWS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1348:
Integrated Dataverse (IDV®) - SHS integrates a broad set of patient, prescriber, payer and clinical data together into our IDV® to provide clients with the most comprehensive view of drivers of biopharmaceutical market demand. SHS delivers a comprehensive perspective on the real dynamics that drive business in the healthcare and life sciences markets. Vantage™ Applications & Symphony Healthcloud™ – SHS offers a comprehensive suite of cloud-enabled applications to support commercial analytics and hosted data integration and management solutions. Leveraging their extensive experience with healthcare data, SHS integrates and ensures the quality of data from a wide variety of sources, including claims, registry, lab and electronic health record (EHRs). Consulting & Services (C&S) – SHS offers a comprehensive set of retrospective and prospective commercial analytics, enabling clients to leverage SHS and other data to improve brand performance. With deep expertise in patient analytics, promotion optimization, media measurement, targeting & segmentation and managed markets, SHS offers our clients access to the expertise and analytics necessary to make effective decisions and improve their performance. EC2 WinServer EC2 Linux Server Auto Scalability and Cost evaluation Redshift / Snowflake / Athena Build Data Warehouses and Data Models Data Normalization, Standardization, error logging, exception handling techniques in DW and AWS DocumentDB with Mongo Compatibility OpenVPN Server, RDS and NAT Gateway setup Setup AI, ML and Data Science platforms like SageMaker, R S3 Data Repository and Sftp connections Python and API Integration DB/AWS Performance Tuning (Esp Large Data Volume with concurrent usage) AWS Tenant Building - The AWS Engineer is actively involved in the design of multiple client environments and ensures they are set up and maintained according to best practices. This includes network setup and SSO with various systems, interacting with AWS environment and infrastructure recommendations based on client requirements. AWS Tenant Management - The AWS Engineer is actively involved in security, user setup and maintaining AWS resources. Administers, monitor and deploy systems and services on AWS and other remote servers. Ensures the availability, performance and scalability of proposed infrastructure. Documentation – The AWS Engineer is responsible for maintaining the documentation of client environments to include the population of network topology drawings and runbooks that detail what was built and how. Client/Project Team Meetings - The AWS Engineer is responsible for demonstrating the AWS Environment capabilities of Symphony HDS in client meetings, communicates how the implementation will occur, manages their tasks to complete and contributes in client project team meetings—these are usually daily scrums as required. AWS Product Offerings– Contributes to the expansion of technology platforms for new, existing and/or potential HDS product offerings. Data Architecture/Data Modeling – AWS Engineer will apply storage and network optimization techniques to create data marts. This role will also interact with large data volumes with a variety of data sets and apply Database administration and query optimization techniques. Lead – Group of ETL/AWS Developers 10+ years of experience in DW or AWS AWS Certified Solution Architect – Recommended AWS Developer Associate - Recommended (Or Oracle Certified DBA/Security Professional) Successful project experience deploying, automating, maintaining and managing AWS cloud-based production system, with demonstrated skills ensuring the availability, performance, scalability, and security of productions systems. Demonstrated project team and consulting experience for either external clients or internal departments 7+ years’ experience as a multi-tenant support AWS Engineer - Solid hands-on working experience with configuring and maintaining resources on AWS 7+ years’ experience with Databases (Redshift, DocumentDB, MongoDB, PostgresSQL) 5+ years’ experience with DocumentDB with Mongo Compatibility 5+ years’ experience with EC2 instances (configuration, EBS, snapshot, etc.) 3+ years’ experience with S3 / EMD 2+ years’ experience with writing Python scripts to develop bulk Redshift loads Network Configuration (VPC, Subnet, ACLs, Elastic IP, …) Security (IAM, Policies) - Expertise with cloud security, such as managing users, roles, and privileges through IAM ETL (Glue), Pentaho, Spectrum, Talend, Informatica Lambda, Athena, Glacier , Snowflake VisualCron, Autosys Excellent verbal and oral communication skills Equivalent combination of education, training, and relevant experience may be considered in place of the education and experience stated above. All employees must read, write and speak fluent English and host country language. This job description is intended to present the general content and requirements for the performance of this job. The description is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities, or requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1349:
Successful candidate will be responsible for the effective analysis, design, development, and delivery of high availability & reliability applications which utilized different technology stacks (including Python, Java, Kafka, NoSQL, Kubernetes etc.). Work with team of engineers for development, deployment and monitoring of derivatives trading and derivatives valuation applications Work with diverse set of technologies to implement new systems, or enhancements of existing implementations, and ensure sound integration with surrounding components from end to end operational perspective. Understanding the existing purpose of the application and a how the end user is putting the service to use. Design sound solutions that meet the enhanced and new business needs. Ensure that delivery meets the integrity, quality, performance and reliability requirements by building automated testing and regression suites and use of DevOps principles. To coordinate infrastructure needs for requisitioning Cloud based infrastructure, databases and assist actively with documentational requirements covering architecture, security and operational readiness. Key skills – Linux, K8S, Docker, GitOps, Ansible, Python, Azure The successful candidate must have a minimum of 10 years’ experience in developing, deploying and maintaining large scale applications with complex integration and have cloud-based deployment experience. At least 2 years of this experience must be in fully automating analytics deployment process and working with CI/CD tools. The role requires leadership skills, hands-on technical experience, and a can-do approach towards environment automation / management and continuous improvement for efficiency and cost effectiveness. 1-2 years’ experience working with Kubernetes and Helm Charts in production environments Monitoring tools such as TICK stack, Prometheus, ELK stack Knowledge and experience in securing data both in transit and at rest (data encryption, PKI, TLS, HTTPS). Solid experience as a DevOps Engineer in a 24x7 uptime environment, including automation experience with configuration management tools. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills are essential Ability to analyze and resolve complex infrastructure and application deployment issues. Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always available service. Knowledge of Linux system administration. Proficient with source code versioning tools (Git) and build tools (Gradle). Strong organizational skills, excellent problem-solving, communication, and collaboration skills Experience with No-SQL databases, Microsoft Azure cloud platform Must be flexible to adapt to a dynamic environment, make quick and sound decisions under pressure. Must be reliable, proactive, results-oriented, customer-focused and attentive to details. Market risk or financial risk experience Knowledge of Capital markets and financial instruments Experience with derivative products (IR, Credit, and Equity) and foreign exchange 
ScrapedJobID1350:
Analyze business, IT and data requirements, document data solutions and ETL processes, and support implementation of data solutions (OLTP & OLAP) accordingly. Collaborate with Product Owners, PMs, Scrum masters and participate in projects to support data engineering requirements, design and testing Partner with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools Perform analyses on existing data models, pipeline, processes, etc., and document findings and provide recommendations and action plans to update or improve them for corporate projects and improvement initiatives Develop Advanced T-SQL such as temporal tables, PIVOTs, recursive table expressions, dynamic SQL as well as high complexity, fast performing SELECT queries, T-SQL procedures, functions, triggers, views, jobs, scripts to support data operations and DW users. Optimize SQL statements executed by end users/ETL code as required; Test and troubleshoot ETL job functionality, validate database objects and structures through use of SQL and other means Drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality; Test and troubleshoot ETL job functionality, validate database objects and structures through use of SQL and other means Work closely with QA Test Engineers to develop and execute test cases and ensure appropriate test coverage You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits 3 years of experience in Databases with a least one year of business or systems analysis Knowledge of MSSQL, MongoDB, SOAP/XML, REST/JSON Understanding of ELT and ETL and hands on experience with SSIS, SSRS (development and some admin experience) Experience with data modeling (OLTP and OLAP) using Erwin, Visio or similar tools Experience in all aspects of SDLC Working knowledge of AWS Cloud (RDS) Spark, R and python experience are an asset Familiarity with ad-hoc file transfer solution/s, such as FTP, HTTP Experience with modeling Power BI data modeling, designing dashboards is desirable Financial services experience is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1351:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID1352:
Dashboard development Alert system and automations Cloud-computing and back-end development Managing a software team Python, Javascript Front-end applications Vue.js and ReactJS Working with Swagger API, Express, NuxtJS Object Oriented Databases like MongoDB or similar Previous management experience with software teams Knowledge of good code collaboration and quality standards Automation / AI model implementation (Python ML Models) AWS Lambda, EC2 and cloud cost optimization LoRaWAN Stack, Networking Linux CLI 
ScrapedJobID1353:
Lead and mentor a team of BI analysts in complex projects to mine data using modern tools and programming languages You have an aptitude for engineering and manipulating various forms of data frameworks including but not limited to Data warehousing, Modeling, Analytics, Integrations from various data sources. You are not bound to a single tool or platform and can solve problems in creative ways. You are proficient in different computing languages such as SQL, Python, DAX and aspire to learn alternate ways of resolving issues. You will be working with data in different formats from datawarehouse, datalakes, API endpoints, SQL and Post Gres DBs, datamarts etc. You will be an expert in SQL coding, troubleshooting, stored procedures, views, functions etc and be able to transform, cleanse, manipulate data in Power BI and API endpoints. Be self-motivated to learn and drive your teams’ development while improving methodology and working practices across the company. Effectively write, present, and communicate research results with recommendations Master’s degree in Computer Science or Bachelor’s degree with equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such Business Admin or similar education with a formal training/certification in Business intelligence and data analytics/reporting Experience with SQL, R, Python, M language, Clustering, and in a variety of programming languages: Python, Perl, Java, C++. 5 years experience as a data integration analyst, BI developer, database developer or similar roles Minimum 5 Experience with T-SQL, Postgres, DAX, Python programming languages* Minimum 3 years experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI and/or Tableau and Microsoft tools such as SSRS and SSIS Minimum 5 years experience in writing stored procedures, views, functions ; exposure to data marts, data lakes and data warehouses Experience with Amazon AWS, RedShift and other cloud platforms; Reporting and dashboarding experience with Power BI, Dataiku etc. Knowledge of NetSuite, Redshift and other 3rd party software integrations Knowledge of Satori Reporting or any other turnkey integrative reporting Knowledge of Power platform operations, query, flow and BI and integrations An exciting high-growth environment An experienced, dynamic and motivated team Supportive, challenging and collaborative work Competitive salary and vacation Medical, dental and drug benefits Company stock purchase plan with matching contributions Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care 8 hour shift Do you have 5 years of experience as a data integration analyst? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1354:
Provide a strategy and recommendation for the optimal data center management approach post 2025 (expiration of current contract) along with a comprehensive plan to achieve this outcome. Conduct required financial, legal and business impact analysis for various options to manage CPCG’s data center requirements post 2025. Be the Innovapost prime for DC vendor and advise on licensing and contracts disposition and associated roadmap for decommissioning off the current on-premise data center provider to the recommended approach. Manage IT investments (financial and technology) decisions for our existing DC IT Infrastructure in coming years in line with the proposed long-term DC and cloud strategy Engage with stakeholders across the organization to understand current state of the on-premise data center contracts, and underlying legal, financial obligations and timing sensitivities Develop a financial model for future cost savings of migrating off the current on-premise data center provider based on optimizations derived by renegotiating licenses and contracts for managed services, platform and 3rd party products including the current Azure cloud services Present findings to executive stakeholders in a clear and concise manner Domain knowledge: Deep understanding of IT Infrastructure ecosystem and leading-edge Datacenter technologies as well as knowledge and understanding of IaaS, PaaS, and managed services related to IT infrastructure services Business Analysis: understanding of business case development; able to effectively gather information across domains; able to synthesize information, conduct quantitative analysis, and provide recommendations Datacenter Financial Management: strong knowledge of datacenter operations and financial implications of products and services provided 3rd party operators Stakeholder Management: 10+ experience in collaborating with multiple stakeholders internally; work with all types of organization stakeholders including senior executives, management team, business partners and technical staff Legal Analysis: ability to understands contracts and absorb key legal terms and their implications on the business from a risk perspective and financial exposure License and Contract Negotiations: ability to negotiate terms and conditions that provide a risk-free and optimal path forward for our organization and 3rd parties w.r.t. outstanding contracts and licenses. 10+ years of experience in IT data center management Previous experience in providing strategic advice to (IT) executive on vendor management and strategy Enhanced Reliability Security Clearance 5+ years of experience in commercial contract negotiations and vendor management is highly desirable Experience in IT Service Management Experience in one or more Agile and/or Cloud transformations i.e. transitioning from traditional IT methodologies to a cloud environment Academic: undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (required) Graduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (Asset) Certifications with one or more of the leading CSPs (Asset) Minimum 10 years’ experience in progressively advancing roles within IT. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation 
ScrapedJobID1355:

ScrapedJobID1356:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1357:

ScrapedJobID1358:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1359:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1360:
Newly created position on a growing team will be part of migration of older technology to modern platforms 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + Years experience working with Unix and able to rewrite Shell scripts in Unix/Linux. Solid skills in writing SQLS for relational Databases (DB2,MS SQL Server, Oracle DB, Postgres, MySQL) experience working on Database migration projects ( DB2 to Postgres or Oracle to Postgres) 
ScrapedJobID1361:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID1362:
Providing technical expertise in medium to complex projects as a Technical Lead capable of providing guidance and advice to the team Interfacing with technical, operational and business client areas to resolve application, security and network/communication issues Developing and test code from design specifications, as well as implement and support enhancements to applications and suggest improvements where possible Working closely in collaboration with Architects and other cross functional team members in creating design documents, outlining overview, diagrams, technical requirements and solutions that best addresses a business need Participating in code review of other team members and recommend suggestions for improvement where appropriate to ensure high quality product Providing leadership in production support issues and carry after-hours support phone on a rotational basis Mentoring and coaching other team members on technical issues Proficiency in:

Microservices development using Spring Boot framework , Spring Cloud and Spring Security Patterns Microservices, API Gateway (Zuul), Spring Boot with Redis Cache
JUnit and other Unit/Integration testing frameworks
Developing enterprise applications using Java EE, Spring framework , Java Design Patterns , Aspect-Oriented Programming and Spring Framework Dependency Injection, React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, NodeJs, Redux, NPM, JEST, JSON
oAuth2 Authentication patterns
Web User Interface Accessibility practices
GIT for source code repository and Maven / Gradle for build.
Tools such as Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA Microservices development using Spring Boot framework , Spring Cloud and Spring Security Patterns Microservices, API Gateway (Zuul), Spring Boot with Redis Cache JUnit and other Unit/Integration testing frameworks Developing enterprise applications using Java EE, Spring framework , Java Design Patterns , Aspect-Oriented Programming and Spring Framework Dependency Injection, React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, NodeJs, Redux, NPM, JEST, JSON oAuth2 Authentication patterns Web User Interface Accessibility practices GIT for source code repository and Maven / Gradle for build. Tools such as Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA Experience with:
JPA and Hibernate integrations
Pivotal Cloud Foundry
Using Jenkins for building CI/CD pipelines and using SonarQube for Code Quality
Designing and implementing RESTful JAX-RS services, good knowledge of HTTP specifics and tools like POSTMAN or SOAPUI
Implementing clients for SOAP JAX-WS Services - WSDL contracts
SQL queries
Scanning tools i.e, Fortify , WebInspect and Black duck scanning
Spring Cloud Circuit Breaker Hystrix
Knowledge of Azure, GCP, Docker, Splunk, Dynatrace, Stackdriver is an asset JPA and Hibernate integrations Pivotal Cloud Foundry Using Jenkins for building CI/CD pipelines and using SonarQube for Code Quality Designing and implementing RESTful JAX-RS services, good knowledge of HTTP specifics and tools like POSTMAN or SOAPUI Implementing clients for SOAP JAX-WS Services - WSDL contracts SQL queries Scanning tools i.e, Fortify , WebInspect and Black duck scanning Spring Cloud Circuit Breaker Hystrix Knowledge of Azure, GCP, Docker, Splunk, Dynatrace, Stackdriver is an asset We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1363:

ScrapedJobID1364:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1365:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1366:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Lead by example, developing efficient, high-performance software, implementing front end using ReactJS Conducts code reviews delivered by the team, ensuring high quality Mentors and builds relationships with team members Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are held and projects remain on track Contributes to QA efforts where needed Represents RM in settings where deep knowledge of our tech stack is needed such as RFPs, Security Audits, employee on-boarding, etc. Minimum of 5+ years of experience developing web applications in a similar position, implementing applications in a front-end capacity using ReactJS University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development Experience with ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1367:
Competitive Salary RRSP Matching Employer Paid Flexible Health Coverage (from day one) Employee Purchase Program – discounts! Professional Development Opportunities Social and Wellness Events Employee Referral Program- we want great talent like you! Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based products and services Integrate with external customer and 3rd-party systems Perform extensive research and analysis to make optimal architecture and design decisions Analyze and improve security for cloud application, provide expert guidance to engineers on security Write large amounts of code, perform code reviews, write unit tests Write documentation Interface with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations Create quick proof-of-concept prototypes Participate in scrum team Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency BSc or MSc in Computer Science or equivalent experience 3+ years of production level experience in Java and Springboot (mandatory) 3+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Node.js, Python, or similar language Production level experience in AWS Good working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases (mySql and MongoDb etc.) Knowledge and experience in micro-services architecture, containerization, and orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes etc.) Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, design patterns, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, REST, gRPC, HTTP, TLS) Interest and ability to learn new technologies or other coding languages, as needed Good grasp of the Agile software development approach, CI/CD, Gradle, Maven, GIT, code review and code coverage tools Experience with designing a test strategy, writing test cases and automating testing Great interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1368:
Authentication and Authorization systems utilizing both Linux based LDAP systems and Microsoft Windows based Active Directory (AD) systems Produce and review professional high-quality documentation Improve software design, development and execution capabilities using business unit domain knowledge Contributes to manpower / resource planning and scheduling Perform software-utilizing activities both SQL and NoSQL based databases to store and retrieve data Conduct testing and evaluating new programs Provide mentoring and technical guidance / coaching to others Writing and implementing efficient code Deploying software tools, processes and metrics Support software that interfaces with this client's technologies Systems as well as vendor supplied products\ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, a technical diploma or related discipline required Experience working in a technical leadership role Minimum 7+ years’ direct work experience in the development and maintenance of complex and integrated systems in a large enterprise environment Must know programming languages such as SQL, Javascript, HTML, and CSS and SCSS Strong knowledge of .NET, C# Vue framework experience is preferred Strong understanding of In-depth use of networking capabilities within software systems Knowledge of software testing procedures and frameworks Understanding technical architectures and configuration, including cloud and micro-service based systems The support and maintenance of enterprise scale software Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Strong web architecture knowledge Must have the ability to communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members Willingness to work flexible hours when project requires it Assignment Length: Permanent Start Date: ASAP Location: Must be open to transitioning into hybrid work model from the Burnaby office. 
ScrapedJobID1369:
Lead the implementation, configuration, and daily operation of Information Security technologies that are implemented in cloud environments and on-premise Manage and support Security technology across various business units for the client Monitor and advise on Information Security compliance related to IT to ensure security controls are functioning appropriately Support the ongoing Security control processes within the enterprise which includes security technologies, networks, information systems, and endpoints both on-premise and in the cloud Influences internal partners to ensure they build solutions consistent with the organization's planned policies, programs, architectural recommendations, and Information Security standards Manage requirements documentation, analyzes opinions, and proposes solutions that leverage resources for highly sophisticated projects Assist in the design and implementation of resilient Information Security architecture and technologies for efficient threat protection, monitoring, and Incident Response Analyzes threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to environment including the identification and resolution of false-positive findings in assessment results, as well as perform compensating controls analysis and validate the efficacy of existing controls Understanding of threat models, impact levels, and the different approaches and methodologies i.e. black/grey/white box testing Develop innovative and secure solutions and provide mentorship for our clients' stakeholders Work with Security and IT stakeholders to implement a risk management program that allows for the identification and remediation of Information Security risks Advise the organization about Information Security threats, technologies, and related regulatory requirements Develop and implement Information Security metrics, measurement criteria, and reporting to ensure compliance and continuous improvement for cloud tools and environments Assesses information technology control elements to mitigate IT risks regarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of business information 5+ years of Security System administration and engineering experience 2+ years of SOC experience, or responding to cybersecurity investigations 2+ years experience with SIEM, DLP, and CASB CCSP, CCSK, CISSP, CISM, ISO 27001/27002 certifications as an asset 2+ years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform capabilities and best practices architectures, Google Compute Platform (GCP) an asset Experience with Splunk, Tripwire, HX, Qradar, McAfee, F5, Imperva, Nexpose, Fortinet, or similar technologies Virtualization and cloud platforms: VMware, Xenserver and KVM, OpenStack, Cloudstack, AWS, GCP Linux and/or Windows administration and troubleshooting experience Programming/scripting experience, preferably with a diversity of languages Proficient in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components such as Apache, IIS, memcache, MySQL, SQL Server, etc. Experience utilizing or implementing the MITRE ATT&CK framework. Experience with UEBA and other Security Analytics Platforms. General Networking skills required (Layer 2 & 3 switches, OSI Model, TCP/IP, SNMP, etc.) Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to communicate with customers, vendors and partners, and across all levels of the organization Ability to interact, develop, engineer, and communicate at the highest technical levels of interpersonal decision-making Excellent oral and written communications for the development of the security program, strategy, guidelines, policies, standards, and for presentations to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels of the organization Ability to build and work with multi-disciplinary teams to achieve goals and to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Works well under pressure and time constraints and can prioritize competing priorities appropriately Strong business and technical acumen. 10% Target Bonus DC Pension (with 4% matching) ESPP (Optional) - with matching up to $3500/yr 3 weeks vacation+ 2 Personal Day + 2 Impact Days (for Charity work) Benefits Start the first day 
ScrapedJobID1370:

ScrapedJobID1371:
Lead the creation of automation and deployment pipelines for applications to all environments via Infrastructure as code Implement monitoring of new applications in production, while utilizing the latest technologies and following DevOps best practices for auto healing and alert fatigue Investigate and troubleshoot complex issues for Product Streams and help support applications in all environments Research and stay up to date with DevOps best practices for CI / CD and Site Reliability Help create policies and processes that define the responsibilities of the DevOps Operations Engineer within our DevOps culture Lead the implementation of performance engineering best practices within your Product Stream and assisting in performance improvements to improve site reliability Provide leadership to the Operations Community for all applications related to your area of expertise Lead the training of the Operations Community for new applications coming from your Product Stream Participate in the creation of Production best practices 5 + yrs, Professional work experience in IT Infrastructure provisioning and Support 2 + yrs, Experience working on Azure cloud 3+ yrs, Experience in working with DevOps practices such as CI/CD, automation, real time monitoring 3+ yrs, Experience supporting and / or developing Java / C# Applications Solid command over scripting languages such as Python, Bash or PowerShell Experience Provisioning infrastructure on Azure using infrastructure as code Experience in latest DevOps technologies such as Jenkins, APM, Terraform Provision Azure resources using powershell and ARM templates. Experience with Azure resources like vnet, sql, function app, apim, storage, queues, datafactory, databricks, etc 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1372:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1373:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Software Engineering/Information Technology or a related field of study, or equivalent level of education and experience. 7+ years of experience with data analytics, developing and maintaining data warehouses to feed advanced analytics and deploying analytical models within an organization. 7+ years of experience designing conceptual, logical and physical data models to structure complex data into a data warehouse aligning to the overall enterprise architecture. Experience with cloud-based data warehouse architecture preferably in Azure. Experience developing cloud-based solutions using Microsoft Azure Data Stack (ADFv2, Azure Data Lake Gen2, Azure Databricks, Analysis Services, Azure Functions, etc.). Experience with big data processing frameworks and techniques such as HDFS, MapReduce, Spark, Hive etc. Experience with Machine learning pipelines and data modelling, Stored Procedures, REST API creation and consumption. Experience building CI/CD pipelines. Expertise in one of the Data modeling and architecture tools such as Erwin, Power designer, SQL DBM etc. Advanced skill with Excel, Python, SQL, NoSQL, R, Power BI, GIT, PowerShell, CLI. Advanced coding skills and practices (concurrency, distributed systems, functional principles, performance optimization). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Work closely with data engineers, data analysts and solution architects to design, build and maintain batch and real-time reusable production data pipelines for large sets of data. Solution complex data engineering problems to directly support and deliver for strategic data initiatives. Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality. Ensure data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. Improve and automate, where possible, the data pipelines for workforce data analytics, and integrations between various systems. Translate data requirements into detailed designs and pipeline architecture, ensuring proper documentation of methodology. Drive thought leadership and define best practices around data extraction, data modeling, consumption, and governance. Create logical and physical data models and restructure data warehouse based on latest architectures, tools, and technology. Adapt to new technologies in Microsoft Azure Cloud. 
ScrapedJobID1374:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1375:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Lead Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Works with Engineering Lead to understand goals and priorities and strategically approach their work. There is a high level of accountability: an SPE should be able to tactically adjust work to meet shifting timelines and requirements, and speak into the need to increase, decrease, or change scope. Receiving and giving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them Drive value through consistently requiring few iterations on their work and by avoiding critical architectural errors. There should be a focus on thinking first: proposals, outlines, and diagrams should precede complex feature work. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Consistent Delivery of high quality code and meeting/exceeding our code standards Documentation of well considered technical architecture for complex feature work Creation of tangible outputs showing core competency across our stack Mentorship of peers through knowledge sharing Consistent Identification of strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery Proficiency in software design architecture and development. Minimum 5 years using modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, Graph QL or can display equivalent skill level Experienced in Full Stack development You have a strong understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure Strong with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have proficiency in design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience Experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C Eexperience implementing DevOps MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1376:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design and implement test case automation in a Java-based test automation framework. Work with design team and verification engineer to gather requirement on test case design. Assist continuous integration team in deploying test cases in the continuous integration flow. Configure and troubleshoot automation test environment, including the setup of DU/vDU, UE and UE simulators. Debug, collect and discover new requirements to improve test automation framework. Solid Java development skill in Linux environment. 5-10 years of experience in test automation for embedded software. Strong understanding of integration test methodology and test automation design. Knowledge of Cloud-Native infrastructure based on Kubernetes/Docker microservices and containers. Knowledge of mobile network architecture, 3GPP standards for physical layer, signaling layer and protocol layer, TCP/IP inter-networking. You are a self-learner and are comfortable in picking up knowledge from documentation, wiki pages and forums. You enjoy problem-solving and making things work. You have a friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1377:
Be responsible for building and supporting the application infrastructure of one of the largest e-Commerce sites in Canada. Maintain high site uptime while embracing rapid change and growth using a strong devops continuous delivery and site automation. Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure provisioning, deployments, testing, monitoring services, and test cases based on modern CI/CD principles in Cloud or on-prem. Writes custom code or scripts to do "destructive testing" to ensure adequate resiliency in production Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively Contributes to enterprise-wide tools to drive destructive testing, automation, or engineering empowerment Fields questions from other product teams or support teams Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams Provides application support for software running in production Proactively monitors production Service Level Objectives for product(s) Proactively reviews the performance and capacity of all aspects of production: code, infrastructure, data, and message processing Programming languages (one or more of Java, Python, Perl) and an understanding of Infrastructure as Code DevOps tooling (Bash Scripting, PowerShell, Terraform, Bamboo, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Helm.) Experience with containerized environments - Docker, Kubernetes Cloud architecture and implementation experience of Google Cloud Platform Knowledge on Analytics services in combination with 3rd parties - Atscale, Cloud DataProc, Cloud Dataflow, Apache Beam/ Google Cloud Composer (Apache Airflow), Big Table, Cloud BigQuery, Cloud PubSub, Cloud storage Cloud Functions will be plus SQL skills and Data analysis experience Experience with modern cloud monitoring and reporting tools and best practices (StackDriver, Prometheus, Grafana) Working within Agile Development methodologies (Jira, ServiceNow, Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Strong teamwork, collaboration, and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1378:
Build a scalable and efficient data infrastructure and own the data sets within it. Collaborate with Software Development and IT Support to research, design, and implement Data solutions for the firm Responsible for acquisition, organization, validity, integrity and accessibility of all Data products Responsible for data architecture and data infrastructure strategy of the firm Research and implement new technologies to help increase scale Establish and document data management best practices Bachelors or Masters degree in a relevant technical field. Several years of experience working with data engineering and databases Strong programing experience and technical skills (Python, SQL and Excel). Experience developing, managing, and optimizing big data architectures and pipelines Experience working with query authoring, relational databases, and a familiarity with a variety of databases (SQL, No SQL and Distributed) Experience working with cloud-based data solutions (e.g., Redshift, EC2, Azure and Snowflake) System monitoring, alerting, and dashboarding experience Experience with tools such as Hadoop, Kafka, and Spark Machine learning and statistics skillset is an asset Knowledge of financial market data is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1379:
Ability to collaborate with senior leaders from Business and Technology to design long-term Business-Technology roadmap for individual Salesforce orgs Ability to design and implement Enterprise Org strategy for multiple Salesforce orgs Bank-wide Completed multiple Enterprise level Salesforce platform implementations Work with cross-team product owners, developers and test engineers to support QA processes Establish and enforce governance for implementing Salesforce at the Bank Must be well versed with Apex, Visual Force Pages, Salesforce Lightning Components and Integration Patterns. Must have worked on at least one of the middleware products or have some level of understanding on Talend, Jitterbit, Informatica, Mulesoft etc. Must be familiar with Integrating Salesforce with other cloud based application systems using REST, SOAP API. Must have worked on Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, and Financial Services Cloud Strong communication and leadership skills Minimum 7 years of experience in Salesforce platform and overall 12 + years of experience in enterprise systems. Minimum of 2+ year experience on Salesforce Lightning Components and Aura Framework. Experience with deployment processes and release pipelines. Eg : Jenkins, Bitbucket/Git, Salesforce DX Good understanding of package-based deployments, Metadata API and Ant. Hands-on experience on tools like Data Loader, Data Stage, Talend, Mulesoft Strong working knowledge on HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Investigate failures, perform root cause analysis and utilize internal defect tracking tool to create detailed, high quality error report Ability to work in cross functional teams using agile methodologies like SCRUM/Kanban We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1380:
Perform the technical design, implementation, testing, and production support of applications and platform software for the FOLIO open source platform (www.folio.org). Own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing, and deployment phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met. Conduct new technology research, proof of concept, and design work that will provide direction for the enhancement of the overall system and products. Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, maintainability, and culture. Demonstrate ownership of developed components from development through production. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Masters preferred. 5+ years of experience in Java 3+ years of experience in designing relational database schema and writing complex SQL queries; experience with PostgreSQL specifically is a plus 2+ years of experience with AWS Cloud services Linux – general knowledge, shell scripting – RedHat/Amazon Linux specifically is a plus 3+ yrs experience using Agile and/or SAFe 2+ years of experience in implementation of production RESTful interfaces in a microservices model Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills An advocate for unit testing, automation, and test-driven development. Virtualization – Docker, Vagrant, etc. CI/CD – Jenkins, Maven, etc. SCM - Git/GitHub OpenAPI, JSON, XML Security related experience –SSO, OAUTH, SAML, LDAP, etc. Scripting languages - bash, groovy, python Container management - AWS ECS, Kubernetes, etc. Logging/Monitoring/Alerting/Analytics – Cloudwatch Insights, SumoLogic, micrometer, graphana, SNMP, JMX, etc. Other - Kafka, ElasticSearch 
ScrapedJobID1381:
Description Objectives Deliverables Assess and document the client's current infrastructure and platforms as it relates to cloud solutions and application rationalization Refresh and maintain the client's cloud adoption strategy Develop and maintain clear documentation and standards for cloud solutions and cloud operation Create and deliver related presentations to business and technical audience including senior management and technology steering committees Design cloud solution architecture and provide guidance to various project teams for successful cloud migration and operation Collaborate across functional teams of developers, engineers, designers, and product stakeholders to deliver innovative technology solutions using the client's preferred cloud services Oversee all aspects of cloud initiatives, take ownership of solution design and architecture document, and contribute to requirements document and implementation plan Create and deliver solution level presentations and EARs in the Technical Review Meeting (TRM) Lead any Request for X (RFP, RFS, RFO, RFI) processes, including but not limited to: creating IT portion of call documents, work with Purchasing department, lead IT portion of the evaluation, document recommendations, etc. Perform and collaborate on research for solutions Contribute to technical discussions and architecture planning Attend daily stand-ups and regular scrum meetings Report to the Manager of IT Risk Management / EAO Other duties as assigned Transfer of Knowledge Education, Training, Certifications or Designations Required Mandatory University Degree in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent combination of education, experience and/or training Current certification in TOGAF or equivalent architectural framework Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert Other Cloud related technology certification Minimum 10 years related work experience within the field of IT infrastructure, Architecture, with 4 years dedicated to Cloud Extensive experience with modern technology architecture spanning cloud, and hybrid deployments Extensive experience with developing strategic plans Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis combined with proven experience in infrastructure design and development Significant experience designing, building, tuning and supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Significant experience designing, building, tuning & supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Demonstrated experience working in an agile environment, ability to adapt on-the-fly to the changing needs of the Service Effective problem-solving skills, self-motivation, and demonstration of pro-active work in the design and management of reliable and robust production systems Demonstrated ability to design and implement a DevOps practice, including: design, development, testing and implementation Experience with working in a team environment Experience with working in s 7x24 environment Strong verbal, reading comprehension and written communication skills Self-motivated in learning new technologies Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Solid grounding in core enterprise architecture, including Zachman's Enterprise Architecture framework and TOGAF. In-depth technical knowledge of cloud technology and future direction Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards Expert knowledge of script languages Hands-on experience with network, servers, storage development tools Strong knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Expert in integration of cloud based services with on premise technology Proven project planning and management experience. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws with exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. A solid understanding of the organization's goals and objectives. Background Translate business requirements to architecture vision to meet the business requirements, conduct formal stakeholder reviews, set scope, constraints and expectations and define the statement of architectural work. Create business architecture actors and building blocks in business domain by documenting current state business processes, identifying processes that can be consolidated or simplified, envisioning future state business processes and maintaining business architecture standards, policies, processes and strategies. Validate decisions in each EA domain against the requirements of the business during the life of the project. Create architecture artifacts and building blocks such as impact assessment and capacity planning documents, create current state architecture, envision future state architecture, and maintain architecture standards, policies, processes, and roadmaps. Align solution design and integration with the client's enterprise architecture direction and strategy by enforcing Enterprise Architecture Review (EAR) processes in projects and activities, guiding architecture design, governing implementation, integration and change control and leading in the drafting of service level agreement (SLA) and operational level agreement (OLA). Research and development on new product, technology and architectural framework with respect to industry standards and best practises. Leadership with respect to strategic security planning and prioritizing of defence initiatives required to meet business goals and objectives. Establishment and enforcement of the security program, policies and standards to achieve a level of risk below the risk tolerance level of the organization and compliance to governing authorities. Working Conditions become civilian members of the client (TPS) be required to become members of the client's Organization (union) receive all the benefits for permanent civilian members be required to follow the policies and procedures of the client be available after-hours when required as per Director's policy be required to architect Cloud based solutions and a multi-cloud strategy for (Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service and Software as a Service) 
ScrapedJobID1382:
Work with customers (internal/remotely/onsite) for requirement gathering and project deployments Create high-level and detailed design, implementation, operational and test documentation Develop software solutions encompassing specific functions, automation, JavaScript, or custom tools Adhere to and contribute to the team’s best practices and continual improvement initiatives Deliver customized solution via a workshop and/or technical training to the customer Provide support to customers integrating OSS systems with the Network Management products (SDWAN, Optical, IP) Develop and optimize customer use case scenarios, workflow automation to allow customer day-to-day operations Bsc in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent Fluent English At least 4 years’ working experience Proficiency in at least two software languages (Python/Shell/Javascript etc) General understanding of networking technologies and protocols (e.g., IP/MPLS/Ethernet, routing, network OAM) Knowledge of and/or hands-on experience with web services and interfaces (e.g., SOAP, REST,YANG,NETCONF) Strong troubleshooting experience Strong customer orientation and communications skills Eagerness to learn software development, scripting languages and technologies Knowledge of SDLC in an agile, waterfall, or DevOps environment Experience with Java (OOP) Object Oriented Programming Linux based Operating Systems Knowledge of and/or hands-on experience with Virtualization, cloud providers, and containers technologies (e.g., VMWare/KVM) Knowledge of database systems and hands on experience with SQL (e.g., Oracle, MySQL) 
ScrapedJobID1383:
Competitive Salary RRSP Matching Employer Paid Flexible Health Coverage (from day one) Employee Purchase Program – discounts! Professional Development Opportunities Social and Wellness Events Employee Referral Program- we want great talent like you! Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based products and services Integrate with external customer and 3rd-party systems Perform extensive research and analysis to make optimal architecture and design decisions Analyze and improve security for cloud application, provide expert guidance to engineers on security Write large amounts of code, perform code reviews, write unit tests Write documentation Interface with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations Create quick proof-of-concept prototypes Participate in scrum team Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency BSc or MSc in Computer Science or equivalent experience 3+ years of production level experience in Java and Springboot (mandatory) 3+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Node.js, Python, or similar language Production level experience in AWS Good working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases (mySql and MongoDb etc.) Knowledge and experience in micro-services architecture, containerization, and orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes etc.) Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, design patterns, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, REST, gRPC, HTTP, TLS) Interest and ability to learn new technologies or other coding languages, as needed Good grasp of the Agile software development approach, CI/CD, Gradle, Maven, GIT, code review and code coverage tools Experience with designing a test strategy, writing test cases and automating testing Great interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1384:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1385:
Lead the creation of automation and deployment pipelines for applications to all environments via Infrastructure as code Implement monitoring of new applications in production, while utilizing the latest technologies and following DevOps best practices for auto healing and alert fatigue Investigate and troubleshoot complex issues for Product Streams and help support applications in all environments Research and stay up to date with DevOps best practices for CI / CD and Site Reliability Help create policies and processes that define the responsibilities of the DevOps Operations Engineer within our DevOps culture Lead the implementation of performance engineering best practices within your Product Stream and assisting in performance improvements to improve site reliability Provide leadership to the Operations Community for all applications related to your area of expertise Lead the training of the Operations Community for new applications coming from your Product Stream Participate in the creation of Production best practices 5 + yrs, Professional work experience in IT Infrastructure provisioning and Support 2 + yrs, Experience working on Azure cloud 3+ yrs, Experience in working with DevOps practices such as CI/CD, automation, real time monitoring 3+ yrs, Experience supporting and / or developing Java / C# Applications Solid command over scripting languages such as Python, Bash or PowerShell Experience Provisioning infrastructure on Azure using infrastructure as code Experience in latest DevOps technologies such as Jenkins, APM, Terraform Provision Azure resources using powershell and ARM templates. Experience with Azure resources like vnet, sql, function app, apim, storage, queues, datafactory, databricks, etc 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1386:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1387:
Analyze and translate business needs into functional specifications and obtain sign-off from stakeholders on these specifications Create, refine and maintain user stories and associated deliverables such as process flows to meet development and stakeholder needs Develop and manage the project roadmap through the development process Work within an Agile environment and lead all Agile ceremonies Build and maintain good strong relationships with clients and stakeholders and act as a proxy for the client to the development teams Manage the cycle of define, build, release, measure end-to-end Work closely with the squad, attending daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and high level estimates Maintain a strong sense of accountability and ownership of the product Effectively communicate product requirements to team members, articulate design and product decisions to clients 3 years of relevant experience as a product owner BS or MS in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent experience Proven effectiveness engaging with remote, distributed teams (including 2 years of experience in people management). Significant experience with Agile methodologies Proficient in JIRA and Confluence Experience in measuring metrics on JIRA Experience in product road mapping and strategy Has a strong knowledge of mobile app development methodologies Experience with data analytics to connect the dots, make sense of data and offer creative solutions Proven track record delivering successful products and great client experiences Ability to work in a fast paced environment and manage multiple projects Proficiency with writing and has a solid understanding of SQL queries Experience with product strategy and road mapping Experience working on mobile apps Scrum training and certifications (CSPO or PSPIO) Background as a developer/software engineer Experience in new digital technologies such as Cloud, Analytics, No-SQL databases 
ScrapedJobID1388:
Work with talented co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Developing software for a highly available cloud service Designing and refactoring software with scalability, resiliency and performance Contribute in defining user stories Participating as a mentor to other engineers A degree or diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field 5+ years experience in enterprise application development with Java Experience developing applications for a cloud environment Experience with relational databases Solid knowledge of unit, integration and automation testing methodologies Experience working in an Agile environment Comfortable building metrics and monitoring Knowledge and experience working with software architecture design patterns 
ScrapedJobID1389:

ScrapedJobID1390:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1391:
Lead and mentor a team of BI analysts in complex projects to mine data using modern tools and programming languages You have an aptitude for engineering and manipulating various forms of data frameworks including but not limited to Data warehousing, Modeling, Analytics, Integrations from various data sources. You are not bound to a single tool or platform and can solve problems in creative ways. You are proficient in different computing languages such as SQL, Python, DAX and aspire to learn alternate ways of resolving issues. You will be working with data in different formats from datawarehouse, datalakes, API endpoints, SQL and Post Gres DBs, datamarts etc. You will be an expert in SQL coding, troubleshooting, stored procedures, views, functions etc and be able to transform, cleanse, manipulate data in Power BI and API endpoints. Be self-motivated to learn and drive your teams’ development while improving methodology and working practices across the company. Effectively write, present, and communicate research results with recommendations Master’s degree in Computer Science or Bachelor’s degree with equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such Business Admin or similar education with a formal training/certification in Business intelligence and data analytics/reporting Experience with SQL, R, Python, M language, Clustering, and in a variety of programming languages: Python, Perl, Java, C++. 5 years experience as a data integration analyst, BI developer, database developer or similar roles Minimum 5 Experience with T-SQL, Postgres, DAX, Python programming languages* Minimum 3 years experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI and/or Tableau and Microsoft tools such as SSRS and SSIS Minimum 5 years experience in writing stored procedures, views, functions ; exposure to data marts, data lakes and data warehouses Experience with Amazon AWS, RedShift and other cloud platforms; Reporting and dashboarding experience with Power BI, Dataiku etc. Knowledge of NetSuite, Redshift and other 3rd party software integrations Knowledge of Satori Reporting or any other turnkey integrative reporting Knowledge of Power platform operations, query, flow and BI and integrations An exciting high-growth environment An experienced, dynamic and motivated team Supportive, challenging and collaborative work Competitive salary and vacation Medical, dental and drug benefits Company stock purchase plan with matching contributions Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care 8 hour shift Do you have 5 years of experience as a data integration analyst? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1392:
Build, design, and implement all installed systems and virtual infrastructure; ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. Maintain security, backup, and redundancy strategies, as well as monitor and test application performance Provide 2nd and 3rd level support and liaise with vendors when needed Degree/Diploma in Internetworking, Information Technology, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of network/security engineering experience, ideally within a SaaS-based company Experience designing network infrastructure and security systems in a cloud environment; AWS, Azure, etc. Exposure to CI/CD and automation tools such as Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, etc. would be a bonus Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1393:
Design and develop applications, system-to-system interfaces, and complete software solutions. Solid experience with modern UI design and development methodologies. Diverse capabilities for SDK development. Participate in design and code reviews. Contribute to enhancing the development process. Minimum of 4 years experience in the development of front-end or client-side within a professional software development organization. SDK development experience in one or more technologies – PHP / Java /.Net / JavaScript / Ruby / Python / Node.js. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Good in software design concepts, design patterns, algorithms, and data structures. Overall IT experience of 5-8 years. Java experience would also be beneficial. Experience with building and managing software packages or server images. Experience on public cloud platforms like Microsoft Clienture or AmClienton AWS and their tools. Exposure to AWS preferred. Engineers with versatile capabilities across software skills preferred. Experience in managing Linux-based infrastructure. Experience with RESTful web services, XML and JSON. Experience in designing, and implementing scalable and resilient RESTful API services. Experience in writing documentation and creating design diagrams. Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring. Solid practitioner of the Agile/Scrum development process, with test-driven development, DevOps, and continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD). Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. No 
ScrapedJobID1394:
Provide technical support to customers using Google Cloud Platform products, solutions and application program interfaces (APIs) Identify and document product bugs and feature requests and work alongside internal support teams as well as customers to implement effective solutions Partner with support teams to improve cloud products at a senior level, suggesting and making changes to the product code Provide assistance and mentorship to users through public forums, third party and Google-owned Strong knowledge of Linux/UNIX Experience troubleshooting Linux performance (CPU, memory, I/O) and familiarity with common Linux troubleshooting tools (vmstat, iostat, lsof, strace, etc.) Strong understanding of administration (user accounts, permission models, access control) Familiarity with networking (NAT, DNS, firewalls, basic routing, load balancing, etc.) Demonstrate comprehensive troubleshooting tactics Resourcefulness and strong research skills Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. Experience with virtual machines (Google Compute Engine, VMware, Amazon EC2, etc.) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes Experience with Shell Scripting Familiarity with web and mail protocols (HTTP, TLS, SMTP, etc.) Familiarity with modern API technologies (OAuth, HTTP RPCs, REST) Familiarity with SQL (any dialect) Monday to Friday Linux: 3 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 2 years (preferred) Network support: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1395:
Be responsible for building and supporting the application infrastructure of one of the largest e-Commerce sites in Canada. Maintain high site uptime while embracing rapid change and growth using a strong devops continuous delivery and site automation. Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure provisioning, deployments, testing, monitoring services, and test cases based on modern CI/CD principles in Cloud or on-prem. Writes custom code or scripts to do "destructive testing" to ensure adequate resiliency in production Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively Contributes to enterprise-wide tools to drive destructive testing, automation, or engineering empowerment Fields questions from other product teams or support teams Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams Provides application support for software running in production Proactively monitors production Service Level Objectives for product(s) Proactively reviews the performance and capacity of all aspects of production: code, infrastructure, data, and message processing Programming languages (one or more of Java, Python, Perl) and an understanding of Infrastructure as Code DevOps tooling (Bash Scripting, PowerShell, Terraform, Bamboo, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Helm.) Experience with containerized environments - Docker, Kubernetes Cloud architecture and implementation experience of Google Cloud Platform Knowledge on Analytics services in combination with 3rd parties - Atscale, Cloud DataProc, Cloud Dataflow, Apache Beam/ Google Cloud Composer (Apache Airflow), Big Table, Cloud BigQuery, Cloud PubSub, Cloud storage Cloud Functions will be plus SQL skills and Data analysis experience Experience with modern cloud monitoring and reporting tools and best practices (StackDriver, Prometheus, Grafana) Working within Agile Development methodologies (Jira, ServiceNow, Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Strong teamwork, collaboration, and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1396:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Technical leadership for the expansion and optimization of data collection and data pipeline architecture Subject matter expert in development and integration with Web Services and APIs Monitor and support data pipelines and ETL workflows Cloud (Azure) infrastructure administration: network configurations, access and permissions, cloud services Oversee, participate in and manage production deployments. Interface with global vendor and internal teams. Ensure cloud environment reliability, availability, performance and security Define and implement monitoring and alerting for cloud infrastructure and applications Coordinate recovery from incidents utilizing well-defined operational procedures, tools, and efficient communication across internal and external stakeholders. Actively use and suggest improvements to the continuous delivery toolset 5+ years (or educational equivalent) building data pipelines using MSFT database technologies, with at least 2 years using Azure tools and services (Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks, Spark, Azure Blob/ADLS, Azure SQL, Snowflake..) 3+ years and a proven record of success in the administration of cloud infrastructure in public clouds such as Azure 3+ years and a proven record of success in monitoring cloud infrastructure, applications, big data pipelines and ETL workflows Experienced in managing outages, customer escalations, crisis management, and other similar circumstances. Proficient with DevOps tools and environments like Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Git, Ansible, Terraform. Proficient with scripting languages like Python, PySpark, PowerShell Proficient in SQL and Spark SQL Familiarity with agile software delivery methodologies Knowledge of Digital Marketing (Email, Search-Engine Marketing, Social, Affiliate) or eCommerce 
ScrapedJobID1397:
Build scalable, reliable, secure systems using open-source technologies that align with Architech's Technology Strategy. Combine Java, Spring Boot, Node.js, AngularJS, React.js as required and appropriate for each project. Leverage data, caching and search solutions such as MongoDB, MySQL, Kafka, Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch, Solr to build performant, data-rich solutions. Secure access to solutions leveraging standards such as OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. Play a pivotal role in the mentorship, guidance, and performance of the Engineers who report directly to you. 5+ years experience in front-end web development. Strong hands on experience with React including JavaScript, Typescript and CSS. Extensive experience working with Node.js - Express.js Proven experience leading a team of engineers in multiple projects, including mentoring junior engineers and guiding their professional growth. Extensive and excellent client-facing skills. Must be a problem solver who gets excited about challenging engineering puzzles. 
ScrapedJobID1398:
Description Objectives Deliverables Assess and document the client's current infrastructure and platforms as it relates to cloud solutions and application rationalization Refresh and maintain the client's cloud adoption strategy Develop and maintain clear documentation and standards for cloud solutions and cloud operation Create and deliver related presentations to business and technical audience including senior management and technology steering committees Design cloud solution architecture and provide guidance to various project teams for successful cloud migration and operation Collaborate across functional teams of developers, engineers, designers, and product stakeholders to deliver innovative technology solutions using the client's preferred cloud services Oversee all aspects of cloud initiatives, take ownership of solution design and architecture document, and contribute to requirements document and implementation plan Create and deliver solution level presentations and EARs in the Technical Review Meeting (TRM) Lead any Request for X (RFP, RFS, RFO, RFI) processes, including but not limited to: creating IT portion of call documents, work with Purchasing department, lead IT portion of the evaluation, document recommendations, etc. Perform and collaborate on research for solutions Contribute to technical discussions and architecture planning Attend daily stand-ups and regular scrum meetings Report to the Manager of IT Risk Management / EAO Other duties as assigned Transfer of Knowledge Education, Training, Certifications or Designations Required Mandatory University Degree in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent combination of education, experience and/or training Current certification in TOGAF or equivalent architectural framework Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert Other Cloud related technology certification Minimum 10 years related work experience within the field of IT infrastructure, Architecture, with 4 years dedicated to Cloud Extensive experience with modern technology architecture spanning cloud, and hybrid deployments Extensive experience with developing strategic plans Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis combined with proven experience in infrastructure design and development Significant experience designing, building, tuning and supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Significant experience designing, building, tuning & supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Demonstrated experience working in an agile environment, ability to adapt on-the-fly to the changing needs of the Service Effective problem-solving skills, self-motivation, and demonstration of pro-active work in the design and management of reliable and robust production systems Demonstrated ability to design and implement a DevOps practice, including: design, development, testing and implementation Experience with working in a team environment Experience with working in s 7x24 environment Strong verbal, reading comprehension and written communication skills Self-motivated in learning new technologies Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Solid grounding in core enterprise architecture, including Zachman's Enterprise Architecture framework and TOGAF. In-depth technical knowledge of cloud technology and future direction Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards Expert knowledge of script languages Hands-on experience with network, servers, storage development tools Strong knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Expert in integration of cloud based services with on premise technology Proven project planning and management experience. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws with exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. A solid understanding of the organization's goals and objectives. Background Translate business requirements to architecture vision to meet the business requirements, conduct formal stakeholder reviews, set scope, constraints and expectations and define the statement of architectural work. Create business architecture actors and building blocks in business domain by documenting current state business processes, identifying processes that can be consolidated or simplified, envisioning future state business processes and maintaining business architecture standards, policies, processes and strategies. Validate decisions in each EA domain against the requirements of the business during the life of the project. Create architecture artifacts and building blocks such as impact assessment and capacity planning documents, create current state architecture, envision future state architecture, and maintain architecture standards, policies, processes, and roadmaps. Align solution design and integration with the client's enterprise architecture direction and strategy by enforcing Enterprise Architecture Review (EAR) processes in projects and activities, guiding architecture design, governing implementation, integration and change control and leading in the drafting of service level agreement (SLA) and operational level agreement (OLA). Research and development on new product, technology and architectural framework with respect to industry standards and best practises. Leadership with respect to strategic security planning and prioritizing of defence initiatives required to meet business goals and objectives. Establishment and enforcement of the security program, policies and standards to achieve a level of risk below the risk tolerance level of the organization and compliance to governing authorities. Working Conditions become civilian members of the client (TPS) be required to become members of the client's Organization (union) receive all the benefits for permanent civilian members be required to follow the policies and procedures of the client be available after-hours when required as per Director's policy be required to architect Cloud based solutions and a multi-cloud strategy for (Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service and Software as a Service) 
ScrapedJobID1399:
Fournir une assistance 24x5 sur site Fournir un soutien sur appel le week-end sur une base de rotation ; Gérer les demandes et les incidents soulevés en temps opportun Travailler en partenariat avec les équipes/fournisseurs internes et externes de niveau 2 et 3, le cas échéant, pour aider à résoudre les incidents plus complexes ; Fournir une gestion des alertes pour résoudre de manière proactive les alertes d'échec, les services dégradés et les services indisponibles Automatiser de manière proactive les tâches courantes pour améliorer l'efficacité et augmenter la productivité ; Connaissance et expérience détaillées dans un environnement Microsoft prenant en charge Windows 10, Windows Server 2012+, la suite Office, y compris Outlook, Office 365 et Azure, y compris OneDrive, DLP et SharePoint Connaissance et expérience détaillées avec Active Directory, la stratégie de groupe, les solutions d'accès à distance et le déploiement de logiciels Connaissances détaillées et expérience de l'installation, du dépannage et de la gestion du matériel de bureau ; Provide 24x5 support on-site Provide on-call weekend support on a rotational basis; Manage raised requests and incidents in a timely manner Partner with Level 2 & 3 internal and external teams/vendors as appropriate to help troubleshoot more complex incidents; Provide alert management to pro-active resolve failure alerts, degraded services and unavailable services Proactively automate common tasks to improve efficiency and increase productivity; Detailed knowledge and experience in a Microsoft environment supporting Windows 10, Windows Server 2012+, Office Suite including Outlook, Office 365 and Azure, including OneDrive, DLP and SharePoint Detailed knowledge and experience with Active Directory, Group Policy, remote access solutions and software deployment Detailed knowledge and experience installing, troubleshooting and managing desktop hardware; 
ScrapedJobID1400:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1401:
Leading a team of Site Reliability and Cloud Infrastructure Engineers Establish priorities and distribute workload across the Engineering team utilizing Agile methodology. Define initial project scope based on system requirements. Support the Project Management team in the creation of documents clearly articulating project timeline, milestone and gaps to execution. Develop and advise on critical services running in automation driven, highly available production environments. Automate, monitor, and maintain platform and security infrastructure for both physical and virtual components of the company’s hybrid cloud platform. Develop, debug, and execute automation code to support the operations of services. Deploy and validate physical and virtual platform components and supporting tools. 3+ years of experience in a leadership role. Ability to effectively lead and motivate an engineering team. Ability to establish priorities and identify requirements at the onset of each new project. Experience in UNIX/LINUX operating systems: RedHat, CentOS, Canonical Ubuntu, FreeBSD. Expertise in automation tools for modern application deployments such as Docker, Kubernetes, infra-as-code and, or RESTAPIs. Expertise in virtualization technology like OpenStack or KVM. Expertise in system design and operations in Public Cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, and/or GCP. Experience in Python, Go, Terraform and, or Ansible. Expertise in system design and operations of highly available and distributed systems using containerization. Expertise with Software Defined Storage (SDS) solutions like Ceph, NetApp, VMWare, and, or Longhorn. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. 
ScrapedJobID1402:

ScrapedJobID1403:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 12-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Supports Business Analyst on functional requirements with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Engages with solution architects and engineers to design and configure solutions. Leads design discussions with understanding of process, data and system flows to facilitate design decisions within a functional domain. Has strong sense of ownership with the ability to drive clarity in complex and ambiguous scenarios. Proficient with systems-thinking and able to articulate them to various groups across the organization. Owns making configuration within the selected platforms Provides technical oversight and guides teams to resolve complex and severe technical issues. Supports one or more moderately to highly complex business processes Champions best practices around data standards, policies, and procedures Serves as a team member, sometimes as a technical lead, sometimes as a business analyst Leads end-to-end testing as a SME and supports business stakeholders during UAT. Uses structured tools for analysis and presentation of concepts and models to support the business needs (requirements) Uses appropriate visualizations for a given metric or nature of data Captures business needs (functional requirements) and translates them into technical requirements (configurations) Connects the system outputs and data to SLA Responsible for the Technical Acceptance Criteria during the inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of the solution Configures modules and platform workflows in their designated system (i.e. CBX) Defines, plans and executes scenario-based test plans (UAT execution) Develops, maintains, and communicates support documentations to the end-users (i.e UAT, Release Notes) Works collaboratively with other team members to ensure system modifications meet business needs Proven experience with large-scale systems/application implementation. 7+ years as Systems or Business Analyst; 10+ years in IT; Experience with SaaS implementation Excellent spoken and written communication skills (verbal and non-verbal) Excellent system mapping tools like Visio, Draw.io Solid Experience in managing data warehouses and ETL pipelines (Min. 3 years) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (advanced data modeling skills required) Good understanding of technological trends and uses this knowledge to bring solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprise’s competitive edge. 3+ years of experience with at least one framework (ie. Spring Boot, JSP) 3+ years of experience developing test cases in jUnit Experience working with SOAP & REST WebServices Knowledge of SQL scripts for analysis and reporting (SQL) Strong understanding of Java applications deployed in a distributed environment Should have a background of having worked with reporting technologies – PowerBI preferred. Ability to create detailed, high quality, design deliverables Working experience with cloud-native technologies Should have experience working with multiple teams Must have experience working in agile methodology and scrum teams. Education: Min. Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering, Information Systems, or related fields Must have: Working experience in dealing with big data and large-scale enterprise systems Desired: Retail experience is a plus. Desired: Working experience with cloud platforms namely AWS 
ScrapedJobID1404:
Proven team leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allows you to develop and mentor others as well as build credibility with your team while executing broader engineering and development strategies. Proven technical leadership skills using technologies and frameworks such as PHP, .NET, Vue.js/React, HTML, Javascript, etc. Developed processes for various types of technical projects / requests Have prepared guidelines, and best practices for design documentation, coding standards, and devops processes. Experience with defining and measuring OKRs/KPIs as well as coaching and training new or underperforming teammates Planned, designed, developed, and shipped multiple large-scale web application software projects of high quality. Maintained successful large-scale legacy web applications Experience with at least one Cloud-infrastructure service (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Services) Excellent communication skills and can translate highly-technical concepts to (non-technical) internal stakeholders 3+ years managing a team of developers/engineers 8+ years professional experience in software development with multiple web programming languages (.NET, PHP, JavaScript, or similar) BS degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Full-time position, available to start immediately Flexible Hours Creative sanctuary/office is located in Sherwood Park Health Benefits Paid vacation within the first year Gym Membership Monthly team-building event (we take the afternoon off to do something fun in the city as a team) Professional development - opportunities to attend industry conferences and seminars around North America to sharpen skills and stay up to date 
ScrapedJobID1405:

ScrapedJobID1406:
Own what you build as you architect, test, and refine the PaymentEvolution platform Using our development workflow, you’ll tackle a wide variety of technical challenges throughout the stack and contribute daily to our codebase Work closely with product support and design to translate customer feedback into product enhancements Working as part of a talented team of software engineers in an Agile environment to utilize cutting edge technologies including ASP.NET Core, Kendo controls, Entity Framework, API Layer, oData, and REST to design and transformation our mission-critical applications crucial to several rapidly growing lines of business. Recommend, design and create technical improvements in existing capabilities to maximize productivity and optimize security and efficiency. Responsible for the organization and tracking of work within the context of your team. Ensuring solutions are optimized for support, usability, and flexibility. Participating in support and triage activities, including rotational out-of-hours on-call duties. Excited about working across the full-stack and have experience doing so. Passionate about building amazing user experiences (and have live examples to show) Interested in technologies like .NET and can envision scenarios using large data sets, algorithms and machine learning Ambitious, enthusiastic, tenacious, and full of positivity Experience turning wireframes into elegant code that inspires our customers Passionate about creating well-structured, easily maintainable and well documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism. You are a skilled full-stack developer, who has demonstrable experience designing, building, and supporting ASP.NET enterprise applications and APIs to support critical lines of business. You have a strong Lean/Agile mindset and experience working on Agile teams. You can effectively set expectations around the delivery of your work within a team. You have a passion for learning, designing, and implementing new technology and a keen eye for optimization of business process. You are a highly engaged and collaborative team member with exceptional communication skills You are an innovator, skilled at using cutting-edge technologies to solve complex business problems. Help define the system architecture, own and implement specific components, and help shape the overall experience. Collaborate closely with product managers, UX designers and other development team members to help define the scope of the product. You will take responsibility for technical problem solving, creatively meeting product goals, and developing best practices. You will demonstrate cross-functional resource interaction to accomplish your goals. You will design and develop MVC based web applications. Write high-quality, efficient, testable code in C#, JS and other object-oriented languages. Build highly available, secure, scalable applications for various markets Mentor other developers – contributing your time and expertise to help grow them collaboratively Own and operate the systems that you build based on real-time customer data and demanding service-level agreements. Contribute to planning, design, implementation, testing, operations, and process improvement as a member of a Scrum team. University/college degree 4-6 years of real experience (be prepared to showcase your work or samples) Ability to work in a rapidly expanding and changing environment Strong object oriented and software architecture fundamentals. Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Remain engaged, proactive and positive in tough circumstances, owning assignments and taking full accountability for overall team success. Possess strong communication skills and a preference for delivering as part of a team. Able to commute within Quito AND work remote with a business level acceptable work environment, internet access, pre-existing computer system, and privacy. .NET Framework 4.x/.NET Core - Strong implementation skills with ASP.NET including experience with building custom controls and developing with the ASP.NET MVC framework. C# – Expert-level implementation skills with C# Strong experience with Entity Framework (code-first) and Microsoft LINQ Highly conversant on front-end development with modern JS framework/library such as React, Angular, Vue.js developing responsive web applications. Presentation tier experience with Bootstrap, JQuery, Knockout or equivalent, and of course CSS 3.0, HTML 5.0 and jQuery Interoperability experience (REST/OAUTH2/OPENID/AUTH) - Creating and Consuming web services with (Ajax, JSON, XML, Web API) Experience with MVC pattern, AWS, Azure and cloud hosted applications and services will be a definite asset Fluent in GIT source code control and branching strategies Database – Must be highly proficient in SQL preferably across multiple databases. MS SQL Server including stored procedures, functions and schema design. DevOps fundamentals, CI/CD tooling (Azure DevOps) Experience in scaling and performance (C#, SQL, caching technologies such as Redis) Building Node.js/Typescript applications SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft Dynamics Kendo/Telerik controls MongoDB / NodeJS Experience in software architecture Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program 10 hour shift 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) proficient English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1407:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1408:
Lead and mentor a team of BI analysts in complex projects to mine data using modern tools and programming languages You have an aptitude for engineering and manipulating various forms of data frameworks including but not limited to Data warehousing, Modeling, Analytics, Integrations from various data sources. You are not bound to a single tool or platform and can solve problems in creative ways. You are proficient in different computing languages such as SQL, Python, DAX and aspire to learn alternate ways of resolving issues. You will be working with data in different formats from datawarehouse, datalakes, API endpoints, SQL and Post Gres DBs, datamarts etc. You will be an expert in SQL coding, troubleshooting, stored procedures, views, functions etc and be able to transform, cleanse, manipulate data in Power BI and API endpoints. Be self-motivated to learn and drive your teams’ development while improving methodology and working practices across the company. Effectively write, present, and communicate research results with recommendations Master’s degree in Computer Science or Bachelor’s degree with equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such Business Admin or similar education with a formal training/certification in Business intelligence and data analytics/reporting Experience with SQL, R, Python, M language, Clustering, and in a variety of programming languages: Python, Perl, Java, C++. 5 years experience as a data integration analyst, BI developer, database developer or similar roles Minimum 5 Experience with T-SQL, Postgres, DAX, Python programming languages* Minimum 3 years experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI and/or Tableau and Microsoft tools such as SSRS and SSIS Minimum 5 years experience in writing stored procedures, views, functions ; exposure to data marts, data lakes and data warehouses Experience with Amazon AWS, RedShift and other cloud platforms; Reporting and dashboarding experience with Power BI, Dataiku etc. Knowledge of NetSuite, Redshift and other 3rd party software integrations Knowledge of Satori Reporting or any other turnkey integrative reporting Knowledge of Power platform operations, query, flow and BI and integrations An exciting high-growth environment An experienced, dynamic and motivated team Supportive, challenging and collaborative work Competitive salary and vacation Medical, dental and drug benefits Company stock purchase plan with matching contributions Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care 8 hour shift Do you have 5 years of experience as a data integration analyst? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1409:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Technical background in infrastructure technologies Strong understanding of application internals, code introspection and dashboard optimization Tool administration: roles and capabilities, users Provide expertise in integrations with other tools such as Splunk and AWS APM use-case design and implementation (for business problems, understanding the system architecture requirements for scalability, security, and performance) Work with APM Support for maintenance/update requirements Tool Governance and Best Practices documentation, training colleagues Experience with Linux Knowledge of AWS services College degree in computer science/engineering or related field or equivalent experience Minimum 4+ years of experience with APM engineering. Minimum 2+ years of experience with rule and advanced logic creation within AppDynamics, NewRelic, Dynatrace, Datadog, or another APM tool Knowledge of: A track record delivering quality results on complex cross-functional projects Analytical and problem-solving capabilities Strong verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to communicate with a wide variety of audiences, both business and technical. Experience with SRE practices and establishing SLIs, SLAs, and SLOs. Expertise in other monitoring tools such as Splunk, SignalFX, Thousand Eyes, CloudWatch, etc. Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID1410:
Wide array of social benefits including health insurance and all sorts of things 100% remote position 4 weeks of vacation The salary that you deserve Huge career advancement opportunity as the team is growing very fast Contribute substantially to design and development of major components and sub-systems using Java platform Improve current architecture and design to meet ever increasing demand on performance and scalability Work with Product Management, QA and documentation to deliver high quality, complete Software Releases Provide technical guidance and mentoring to incoming members of the Montreal Development team Contribute/help the company on the transition to move from monolith to Microservices ecosystem Several years of related experience as either Front-End, Back-End or Full Stack Developer Solid Java 8+ and its' ecosystem Solid knowledge of several of the following technologies and methodologies : Experience with responsive design and deep understanding of Object-Oriented design Experience with performance debugging and benchmarking Ability to work independently with little supervision and collaborate in a team setting 
ScrapedJobID1411:
Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems 
ScrapedJobID1412:
Highly competitive market hourly rates 12-month contract with extension Remote interview process Fully remote role to BC candidates Ensure the reliability and sustainability of business applications by optimizing, monitoring, and automating deployment, support, and sustainment activities Oversee staff and consultants to organize on-call schedules, assign tasks and provide technical guidance to team members, participate in training, and staff development, and provide feedback on the quality of work of team members Provide oversight and guidance on application sustainability to software development teams from planning though implementation and operations Maintain close relationships with DevOps teams, business users, architects, cloud operations and infrastructure teams Work closely with release and QA leads to maintain awareness of production deployments to ensure the stability of supported systems Make support metrics visible using tools such as VSTS dashboards and integrating metrics into reports and dashboards with tools such as Application Insights, SharePoint, Excel, or Power BI. Prioritize work to meet both short and long term goals and outcomes Provide feedback, coach, and mentor team members to improve individual and team effectiveness Communicate complex information clearly and concisely, to explain various business and technical information Think critically through complex problems to formulate practical solutions Create new, or re-establish collaborative, credible, high functioning teams. 6+ years of work experience in IT. 4 years’ relevant IT work experience with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments, continuous IT process improvement, production support and problem resolution, analysis, and/or technical proficiency, networking, and knowledge of a breadth of tools and approaches to solve broad spector problems Specialist knowledge of cloud monitoring and measurement tools for infrastructure, application, logging, APM, and user interface experience. Working knowledge of infrastructure configuration management and automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, and Terraform. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Team System and/or similar continuous integration and continuous deployment technologies such as Team Foundation Servicer, Jenkins CI, Github, and Artifactory, specifically related to software build, unit testing and deployment. 3+ years of experience working with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM templates and JSON scripting for automated deployments. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM IaaS and PaaS architectures. 3+ years of experience with API architecture and hybrid cloud integration patterns Working knowledge of networking protocols and technologies such as routing, DNS, network peering. Working knowledge of developing and monitoring SLOs and SLAs. Strong coding and scripting experience with languages like C#, JavaScript, SQL, PowerShell and others Experience with Microsoft Stack with technologies and frameworks like .Net, C#, JavaScript, SQL, JQuery, Angular 6 and up, HTML, CSS, XUnit, NUnit, Entity Framework, TDD, Regis Cache, Git. Experience with Microservices 
ScrapedJobID1413:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1414:
You have 5+ years of software development experience. You have 3+ years experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/Vue or similar. You have 2+ years of professional experience as a web developer using .NET and/or .NET Core with C# You have a track record for building high-quality, maintainable, tested, and scalable software. You are proficient in working with RESTful APIs and data handling. You have expert-level ability using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. You have worked with cloud-based services (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand. You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design. You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing. Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems. You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems. You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach). You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. 
ScrapedJobID1415:
You will develop, establish, enhance and enforce all quality assurance measures and testing standards for existing and new applications, products, throughout their development lifecycles Direct the analysis of formal test results in order to discover and report any defects, bugs, errors, configuration issues, and interoperability flaws Direct the analysis of documentation and technical specifications for any new application under deployment or consideration to determine its intended functionality Develop change control processes, practices, and guidelines for new and existing technologies Determine the selection and appropriate usage of automated test tools and data collection tools Develop and write test plans and scripts for tracking defects and fixes in product development, software application development, information systems, and operations systems Ensure that software quality measures comply with regulatory standards, industry standards, and accepted best practices Create methodologies and processes for the collection and analysis of data for ensuring software, systems, and product quality Apply established metrics to determine the readiness, quality, and operability of software, systems, and products due for release to clients and/or within the enterprise Create and communicate test plans and scripts that will determine optimal application performance according to specifications; revise as needed Conduct internal audits to measure and assure adherence to established QA standards for software development, application integration, and information system performance, and corresponding documentation Coordinate testing of new software to ensure integration into company systems meets functional requirements, system compliance, and technical specifications Communicate test progress, test results, and other relevant information to project stakeholders and executive management Co-ordinate with all members of the quality assurance team, and ensure that aggressive deadlines are met Cultivate and disseminate knowledge of quality assurance best practices Degree or diploma in software engineering or computer science A Master's degree is highly desired but not required 5+ years equivalent work experience as a QA Lead overseeing the design, development, and implementation of quality assurance standards for software testing Any or all of the following certifications is desired but not required: Certified Test Engineer (CSTE) Certified Software Quality Analyst (CSQA) Experience as a QA Lead managing major application integrations and/or major application product releases Strong knowledge of system testing metrics, best practices and methodologies Extensive QA experience with core software applications, including Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft 365, Oracle Service Cloud and/or Oracle Intelligence Advisor, PeopleSoft Enterprise applications, Legal Files Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and legislation Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities as well as statistical reporting and analysis experience is required Experience with SQL is required Direct hands-on experience with ad hoc query programs, automated testing tools, and reporting software Extensive practical knowledge in importing data for use in report software, spreadsheets, graphs, and flow charts Excellent organizational skills Excellent written and oral communication skills as well as coaching, listening, presentation, and interpersonal skills Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Superior attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID1416:

ScrapedJobID1417:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Uses algorithms, data structures, programming languages, programming paradigms to create, test and operate sustainable client-side or server-side software applications and services. Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments. Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Provides DevOps thought leadership in delivery contexts, focusing on the requirements of the company’s end-users and how they are best served by continuous improvements to our delivery approach. Collaborates with the engineering teams (onshore and offshore) to deliver on integration projects. Engages in ongoing quality and performance improvement to ensure reliability and security. Designs for release and configuration management. Assists in troubleshooting and resolving production system issues. Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent. 6+ years of software engineering experience. Excellent team player, ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience in understanding architectural solutions/documentation and implementing them without need for handholding Strong technical, hands-on, experience to support development, automated testing, infrastructure, and operations Strong working experience in the design and development of RESTful APIs using Java, Spring Boot, and Spring Cloud Front end framework experience using React or Angular Familiarity with streaming platforms (real-time data at massive scale like Confluent Kafka). Experience with AWS cloud and implementations from a developer’s perspective Experience working with containers, Docker, Kubernetes or other container schedulers Fluency with relational databases or alternatively NoSQL databases Understanding of DevOps as well as experience with CI/CD pipelines Familiar with the project tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack, MS Office, SharePoint, Smartsheet. Experience, but doesn’t need to be proficient, in other programming languages like JavaScript/TypeScript or Python. Be well-versed in ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience with big data workflow orchestration engines for ETL jobs, such as Airflow Experience working with PowerBI Experience with CBX 
ScrapedJobID1418:
Drive the design, planning, and implementation of multifaceted applications, giving you breadth and depth of knowledge across the entire project lifecycle. Be constantly learning; evaluate new technologies and implement best practices to provide scalable solutions. Build thought-leadership while matching needs to solutions, establishing best practices, and mentoring team members. Manage the scope and deliverables of a global team throughout the development lifecycle. 
ScrapedJobID1419:
Newly created position on a growing team will be part of migration of older technology to modern platforms 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + years of Postgres developer experience (must) 5 + Years experience working with Unix and able to rewrite Shell scripts in Unix/Linux. Solid skills in writing SQLS for relational Databases (DB2,MS SQL Server, Oracle DB, Postgres, MySQL) experience working on Database migration projects ( DB2 to Postgres or Oracle to Postgres) 
ScrapedJobID1420:
Work with talented co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Developing software for a highly available cloud service Designing and refactoring software with scalability, resiliency and performance Contribute in defining user stories Participating as a mentor to other engineers A degree or diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field 5+ years experience in enterprise application development with Java Experience developing applications for a cloud environment Experience with relational databases Solid knowledge of unit, integration and automation testing methodologies Experience working in an Agile environment Comfortable building metrics and monitoring Knowledge and experience working with software architecture design patterns 
ScrapedJobID1421:
Champion a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Lead a team of 20 + Managers, Engineers, and be the Technology specialist for teams situated across multiple sites. Develop and grow talent through effective mentoring and succession planning for key talent. Help your team prioritize, negotiate, and remove obstacles to ensure quality product launches Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite, risk culture, regulatory and compliance needs should be considered in everyday decision making. Practice and encourage metrics informed decision making & hypothesis driven product development, in the team and also in the organization. Actively collaborate with other Engineering, enterprise architecture, and cyber security teams, providing them with engineering & architectural context, and engaging them to build the right products on time. Foster relation with key stakeholders, communicate frequently, and keep them informed Continuously perform customer need analysis and understand business pain points. Identify the biggest problems to solve to build & own the roadmap. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 10+ years of experience building Backend and/or front-ends systems, and shipping cloud-native financial services for capital markets. 5+ years building Java based services, and React or Angular or Vue based frontends 5+ years of experience managing technology products and end-to-end digital journeys 5+ years of experience building Micro-services and API based digital solutions 3+ years of experience building Messaging/Event based architecture (Kafka), and scaling services horizontally on private and public clouds Ability to prioritize work while multi-tasking on several high-profile projects with a keen eye on details. Deep understanding of Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, cloud-based deployment knowledge Nice to have:
Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus
Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery
Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting Building Micro-frontends is a huge plus Experience with Load-balancer, API Gateway, Authorization tools, and Service discovery Experience supporting time sensitive regulatory initiatives & reporting 
ScrapedJobID1422:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1423:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Lead by example, developing efficient, high-performance software, implementing front end using ReactJS Conducts code reviews delivered by the team, ensuring high quality Mentors and builds relationships with team members Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are held and projects remain on track Contributes to QA efforts where needed Represents RM in settings where deep knowledge of our tech stack is needed such as RFPs, Security Audits, employee on-boarding, etc. Minimum of 5+ years of experience developing web applications in a similar position, implementing applications in a front-end capacity using ReactJS University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development Experience with ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1424:
Own technical design, architecture, and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems. Be a part of a dynamic mobile team throughout the Software Development Life Cycle. Bring improvement to software engineering practices - work within agile teams to design, develop, test, implement and support technical solutions across a full stack of development tools and technologies. Be a mentor to Junior, Intermediate, and Senior mobile associates. At least 8 years of hands-on development using Java/Kotlin. At least 8 years of experience with application and/or data design, architecture and development. Experience providing mentorship to Junior and Intermediate Associates, and guidance to technical and Business stakeholders. Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering. 10+ Years of experience leading the full life-cycle of Software Development. Familiarity of front-end technology and frameworks such as React or Angular. Exposure to AWS or other cloud products. Experience working in an agile environment Contact with agile development methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID1425:
Description Objectives Deliverables Assess and document the client's current infrastructure and platforms as it relates to cloud solutions and application rationalization Refresh and maintain the client's cloud adoption strategy Develop and maintain clear documentation and standards for cloud solutions and cloud operation Create and deliver related presentations to business and technical audience including senior management and technology steering committees Design cloud solution architecture and provide guidance to various project teams for successful cloud migration and operation Collaborate across functional teams of developers, engineers, designers, and product stakeholders to deliver innovative technology solutions using the client's preferred cloud services Oversee all aspects of cloud initiatives, take ownership of solution design and architecture document, and contribute to requirements document and implementation plan Create and deliver solution level presentations and EARs in the Technical Review Meeting (TRM) Lead any Request for X (RFP, RFS, RFO, RFI) processes, including but not limited to: creating IT portion of call documents, work with Purchasing department, lead IT portion of the evaluation, document recommendations, etc. Perform and collaborate on research for solutions Contribute to technical discussions and architecture planning Attend daily stand-ups and regular scrum meetings Report to the Manager of IT Risk Management / EAO Other duties as assigned Transfer of Knowledge Education, Training, Certifications or Designations Required Mandatory University Degree in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent combination of education, experience and/or training Current certification in TOGAF or equivalent architectural framework Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert Other Cloud related technology certification Minimum 10 years related work experience within the field of IT infrastructure, Architecture, with 4 years dedicated to Cloud Extensive experience with modern technology architecture spanning cloud, and hybrid deployments Extensive experience with developing strategic plans Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis combined with proven experience in infrastructure design and development Significant experience designing, building, tuning and supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Significant experience designing, building, tuning & supporting multi-tier enterprise applications and infrastructure Demonstrated experience working in an agile environment, ability to adapt on-the-fly to the changing needs of the Service Effective problem-solving skills, self-motivation, and demonstration of pro-active work in the design and management of reliable and robust production systems Demonstrated ability to design and implement a DevOps practice, including: design, development, testing and implementation Experience with working in a team environment Experience with working in s 7x24 environment Strong verbal, reading comprehension and written communication skills Self-motivated in learning new technologies Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Solid grounding in core enterprise architecture, including Zachman's Enterprise Architecture framework and TOGAF. In-depth technical knowledge of cloud technology and future direction Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards Expert knowledge of script languages Hands-on experience with network, servers, storage development tools Strong knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Expert in integration of cloud based services with on premise technology Proven project planning and management experience. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws with exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. A solid understanding of the organization's goals and objectives. Background Translate business requirements to architecture vision to meet the business requirements, conduct formal stakeholder reviews, set scope, constraints and expectations and define the statement of architectural work. Create business architecture actors and building blocks in business domain by documenting current state business processes, identifying processes that can be consolidated or simplified, envisioning future state business processes and maintaining business architecture standards, policies, processes and strategies. Validate decisions in each EA domain against the requirements of the business during the life of the project. Create architecture artifacts and building blocks such as impact assessment and capacity planning documents, create current state architecture, envision future state architecture, and maintain architecture standards, policies, processes, and roadmaps. Align solution design and integration with the client's enterprise architecture direction and strategy by enforcing Enterprise Architecture Review (EAR) processes in projects and activities, guiding architecture design, governing implementation, integration and change control and leading in the drafting of service level agreement (SLA) and operational level agreement (OLA). Research and development on new product, technology and architectural framework with respect to industry standards and best practises. Leadership with respect to strategic security planning and prioritizing of defence initiatives required to meet business goals and objectives. Establishment and enforcement of the security program, policies and standards to achieve a level of risk below the risk tolerance level of the organization and compliance to governing authorities. Working Conditions become civilian members of the client (TPS) be required to become members of the client's Organization (union) receive all the benefits for permanent civilian members be required to follow the policies and procedures of the client be available after-hours when required as per Director's policy be required to architect Cloud based solutions and a multi-cloud strategy for (Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service and Software as a Service) 
ScrapedJobID1426:

ScrapedJobID1427:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1428:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1429:
Work with customers (internal/remotely/onsite) for requirement gathering and project deployments Create high-level and detailed design, implementation, operational and test documentation Develop software solutions encompassing specific functions, automation, JavaScript, or custom tools Adhere to and contribute to the team’s best practices and continual improvement initiatives Deliver customized solution via a workshop and/or technical training to the customer Provide support to customers integrating OSS systems with the Network Management products (SDWAN, Optical, IP) Develop and optimize customer use case scenarios, workflow automation to allow customer day-to-day operations Bsc in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent Fluent English At least 4 years’ working experience Proficiency in at least two software languages (Python/Shell/Javascript etc) General understanding of networking technologies and protocols (e.g., IP/MPLS/Ethernet, routing, network OAM) Knowledge of and/or hands-on experience with web services and interfaces (e.g., SOAP, REST,YANG,NETCONF) Strong troubleshooting experience Strong customer orientation and communications skills Eagerness to learn software development, scripting languages and technologies Knowledge of SDLC in an agile, waterfall, or DevOps environment Experience with Java (OOP) Object Oriented Programming Linux based Operating Systems Knowledge of and/or hands-on experience with Virtualization, cloud providers, and containers technologies (e.g., VMWare/KVM) Knowledge of database systems and hands on experience with SQL (e.g., Oracle, MySQL) 
ScrapedJobID1430:
Lead a team of engineers to design and build a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend Develop on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Build web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result in analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 5-7 years experience building full-stack web applications At least 2 years experience managing a high-performing team Excellent skills in architecture design Proven ability to coach/mentor junior engineers Experience with modern JavaScript development, with frameworks such as Node.js/npm, Vue.js, react.js, etc Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience with cloud services, such as AWS Excellent knowledge of different API mechanisms such as REST and RPC/gRPC Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services Excellent knowledge of databases like PostgreSQL, Dynamodb, MongoDB Passionate about discovering drawbacks of existing systems and working with users to improve their experience BS/MS in Computer Science or related field Experience with creative and intuitive data visualization (eg, D3.js) Development experience in large-scale data storage and processing Passionate about self-driving vehicles 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget Employer-paid life insurance 
ScrapedJobID1431:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1432:
Lead the creation of automation and deployment pipelines for applications to all environments via Infrastructure as code Implement monitoring of new applications in production, while utilizing the latest technologies and following DevOps best practices for auto healing and alert fatigue Investigate and troubleshoot complex issues for Product Streams and help support applications in all environments Research and stay up to date with DevOps best practices for CI / CD and Site Reliability Help create policies and processes that define the responsibilities of the DevOps Operations Engineer within our DevOps culture Lead the implementation of performance engineering best practices within your Product Stream and assisting in performance improvements to improve site reliability Provide leadership to the Operations Community for all applications related to your area of expertise Lead the training of the Operations Community for new applications coming from your Product Stream Participate in the creation of Production best practices 5 + yrs, Professional work experience in IT Infrastructure provisioning and Support 2 + yrs, Experience working on Azure cloud 3+ yrs, Experience in working with DevOps practices such as CI/CD, automation, real time monitoring 3+ yrs, Experience supporting and / or developing Java / C# Applications Solid command over scripting languages such as Python, Bash or PowerShell Experience Provisioning infrastructure on Azure using infrastructure as code Experience in latest DevOps technologies such as Jenkins, APM, Terraform Provision Azure resources using powershell and ARM templates. Experience with Azure resources like vnet, sql, function app, apim, storage, queues, datafactory, databricks, etc 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1433:
Shares best practices, lessons learned and constantly updates the technical system Collaborates with all relevant parties (Software Engineers, Development Managers & Recommends the most suitable technical architecture and defines the solution at a high Recommends and participates in the development of architecture blueprints for related Identifies and recommends areas appropriate for further study and participates in any Develop Architecture Artifacts such as (Architecture Blueprint, Architecture Roadmap, Identifies implementation risks and analyses potential impact on the enterprise and on Ability to communicate architectural decisions to a varied audience including business Ability to recognize and balance functional and non-functional requirements to ensure Recommends and participates in the design and implementation of standards, tools and Participates in the design and implementation of IT service management standards, Conducts and/or actively participates in meetings related to the designated project/s, Advises and recommends enterprise architecture strategies, processes, and Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent or 10+ years Solid understanding and experience with cloud platforms (Azure or GCP or AWS Evaluate performance, security, reliability, operations, technology, and interoperability Hands on experience architecting systems from start to finish with ability to provide Strong knowledge of event driven Serverless architecture Experience with streaming/caching technologies such as Kafka/Redis etc. Experience using Spring Boot and microservice patterns Experience of SQL or NoSQL databases. Knowledge of PL/SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Java Script, JQuery, design Knowledge of identity management and authentication/authorization protocols such as 
ScrapedJobID1434:

ScrapedJobID1435:
Driving the success of our products through strong technical delivery, project delivery, and peer enablement. Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to clients meetings and discussions. Receiving peer mentorship through knowledge sharing. Delivering on high-quality code, meeting our Design and Code standards with the aim of exceeding them. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. Contributing to Project delivery that is on time, within budget, and with client satisfaction. Delivery of Functional and Technical Design documentation Look for opportunities for improving the transition from business development to project team. A commitment from us to your professional development through annual learning plans, dedicated budget and team events. Identifying strategic opportunities in projects for improved delivery. You have a solid understanding of software design architecture and development. You are have worked with a modern UI Technologies stack: React JS, Typescript, CSS, HTML, and Node JS, GraphQL. Experienced in Full Stack development with min. 3 years of experience. You have an understanding of Cloud Technologies capabilities creating and managing Cloud hosting providers like AWS and Azure. Experienced with Backend design and development technologies like Postgres, MongoDB, or MySQL You are a solutions-oriented person and have owned and built solutions from inception through to launch. Attention to detail and have testing experience and an understanding of QA Process and quality principles. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. You are able to deliver high-quality code, meeting our code standards with the aim of exceeding them. You have an understanding of design patterns and industry development best practices. Ability to work independently and within a team environment. Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers. Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team. You have Data Analytics and Mobile web architecture experience You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have experience implementing DevOps You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1436:
Define test specifications covering low to complex system or integration functionalities Develop and document test plans, execute tests and generate reports Define and set up the test and validation environment including scripts development and potentially contacting vendors, asking for samples and quotation Be involved in functional testing as part of an agile team as well as performance and validation of larger systems Develop and run automated tests covering functionality and diagnostic requirements Debug test failures and analyze root causes A minimum of five (5) years of experience in a similar role Python scripting, Robot framework, REST API testing, Postman Testing of distributed systems, application bus Experience in testing of cloud-based application and mobile Familiar with databases (SQL a plus), with BD, IoT Experience with CI/CD (Jenkins a plus) Experience with Azure portal, VSTS, greylog. Knowledge of Restful web services Experience in building test benches Experience with Jenkins, Grafana, TestRail, Atlassian Jira, Stash, Bamboo or similar tools Experience in different hypervisors (KVM, Client, VirtualBox, etc.) Experience with Testlink, Atlassian Jira, Stash, Bamboo. 
ScrapedJobID1437:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1438:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design and implement test case automation in a Java-based test automation framework. Work with design team and verification engineer to gather requirement on test case design. Assist continuous integration team in deploying test cases in the continuous integration flow. Configure and troubleshoot automation test environment, including the setup of DU/vDU, UE and UE simulators. Debug, collect and discover new requirements to improve test automation framework. Solid Java development skill in Linux environment. 5-10 years of experience in test automation for embedded software. Strong understanding of integration test methodology and test automation design. Knowledge of Cloud-Native infrastructure based on Kubernetes/Docker microservices and containers. Knowledge of mobile network architecture, 3GPP standards for physical layer, signaling layer and protocol layer, TCP/IP inter-networking. You are a self-learner and are comfortable in picking up knowledge from documentation, wiki pages and forums. You enjoy problem-solving and making things work. You have a friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1439:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1440:
Deep software development experience with work experience in developing DB schemas, creating ETLs, and familiar with MPP/Hadoop systems. Working Knowledge of XML, JavaScript, JSON, YML and Linux Advanced experience with scripting language – Python or Shell is a must have Big Data: Building and maintaining highly scalable, robust & fault-tolerant complex data processing pipelines Strong knowledge of software development methodologies and practices Experience working in Agile development teams; working knowledge of Agile (Scrum) development methodologies Experience with Amazon web services: EC2, S3, and EMR (Elastic Map Reduce) , Redshift or equivalent cloud computing approaches Strong expertise in writing analytical SQLs, Data Marts, Data Warehousing and analytic architecture Experience working with large data volumes Hands on experience with Hadoop stack of technologies – mainly Hive, Hive on spark Experience creating and consuming JSON/REST web services and communicating with systems. Skilled in developing Software for Java (Spring & Springboot), Scala for spark streaming & spark applications, or other JVM based languages. 70-85% hands-on development in all phases of the software life cycle. Designing/developing ETL jobs across multiple big data platforms and tools including S3, EMR, Hive, Vertica Designing end to end data pipeline given business and ops requirements (ingestion, processing and storage). Conduct design and code reviews Defect remediation Estimates and sequence of individual activities as inputs to project plans Analyzes and synthesizes a variety of inputs to create software and services. Identify dependencies as inputs to project plans Collaborates effectively with peer engineers and architects to solve complex problems spanning their respective areas to deliver end-to-end quality in our technology and customer experience. Influences and communicates effectively with non-technical audiences including senior product and business management. Designing/developing ETL jobs across multiple big data platforms and tools including S3, EMR, Hive, Vertica Designing end to end data pipeline given business and ops requirements (ingestion, processing and storage). 
ScrapedJobID1441:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 4+ years of DevOps experience in a software product company setting, ideally within a SaaS-based or cloud-based environment Technical background in software development background with strong exposure to IT infrastructure Considerable deployment automation, CI/CD pipeline, and big data/NoSQL experience as well as strong scripting ability (Python, Ruby, Bash, Javascript, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1442:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Technical background in infrastructure technologies Strong understanding of application internals, code introspection and dashboard optimization Tool administration: roles and capabilities, users Provide expertise in integrations with other tools such as Splunk and AWS APM use-case design and implementation (for business problems, understanding the system architecture requirements for scalability, security, and performance) Work with APM Support for maintenance/update requirements Tool Governance and Best Practices documentation, training colleagues Experience with Linux Knowledge of AWS services College degree in computer science/engineering or related field or equivalent experience Minimum 4+ years of experience with APM engineering. Minimum 2+ years of experience with rule and advanced logic creation within AppDynamics, NewRelic, Dynatrace, Datadog, or another APM tool Knowledge of: A track record delivering quality results on complex cross-functional projects Analytical and problem-solving capabilities Strong verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to communicate with a wide variety of audiences, both business and technical. Experience with SRE practices and establishing SLIs, SLAs, and SLOs. Expertise in other monitoring tools such as Splunk, SignalFX, Thousand Eyes, CloudWatch, etc. Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID1443:

ScrapedJobID1444:
Highly competitive market hourly rates 12-month contract with extension Remote interview process Fully remote role to BC candidates Ensure the reliability and sustainability of business applications by optimizing, monitoring, and automating deployment, support, and sustainment activities Oversee staff and consultants to organize on-call schedules, assign tasks and provide technical guidance to team members, participate in training, and staff development, and provide feedback on the quality of work of team members Provide oversight and guidance on application sustainability to software development teams from planning though implementation and operations Maintain close relationships with DevOps teams, business users, architects, cloud operations and infrastructure teams Work closely with release and QA leads to maintain awareness of production deployments to ensure the stability of supported systems Make support metrics visible using tools such as VSTS dashboards and integrating metrics into reports and dashboards with tools such as Application Insights, SharePoint, Excel, or Power BI. Prioritize work to meet both short and long term goals and outcomes Provide feedback, coach, and mentor team members to improve individual and team effectiveness Communicate complex information clearly and concisely, to explain various business and technical information Think critically through complex problems to formulate practical solutions Create new, or re-establish collaborative, credible, high functioning teams. 6+ years of work experience in IT. 4 years’ relevant IT work experience with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments, continuous IT process improvement, production support and problem resolution, analysis, and/or technical proficiency, networking, and knowledge of a breadth of tools and approaches to solve broad spector problems Specialist knowledge of cloud monitoring and measurement tools for infrastructure, application, logging, APM, and user interface experience. Working knowledge of infrastructure configuration management and automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, and Terraform. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Team System and/or similar continuous integration and continuous deployment technologies such as Team Foundation Servicer, Jenkins CI, Github, and Artifactory, specifically related to software build, unit testing and deployment. 3+ years of experience working with agile methodologies, Cloud and DevOps environments 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM templates and JSON scripting for automated deployments. 3+ years of experience with Microsoft ARM IaaS and PaaS architectures. 3+ years of experience with API architecture and hybrid cloud integration patterns Working knowledge of networking protocols and technologies such as routing, DNS, network peering. Working knowledge of developing and monitoring SLOs and SLAs. Strong coding and scripting experience with languages like C#, JavaScript, SQL, PowerShell and others Experience with Microsoft Stack with technologies and frameworks like .Net, C#, JavaScript, SQL, JQuery, Angular 6 and up, HTML, CSS, XUnit, NUnit, Entity Framework, TDD, Regis Cache, Git. Experience with Microservices 
ScrapedJobID1445:
Works closely with the Business, Delivery and Engineering teams, Product Owners and technical platform teams to architect, design and develop high quality APIs and solutions enabling business growth, increasing customer engagement in alignment with business and technical strategies. End-to-end software architecture, design and development of complex distributed cloud based micro-service system. Provides expertise to development team working from various locations on system development and systems integration. This should also extend to providing detailed guidance at the code level to support Engineers delivering code. Designing, building, and enhancing the infrastructure required to support the platforms in terms of robustness, scalability, availability and efficiency Ability to architect, design and deliver software that can scale elastically across multiple data centers and cloud vendors while staying resilient. Understands relationship of application/systems and data solution Understands testing at every stage of development. This includes unit, mutation, use-case, performance, availability (failure injection) and consistency testing Ability to communicate with precision while being concise. Extensive experience using architecture, systems analysis, and design methodology Performing research and development to evaluate emerging technologies and their potential to redesign credit, banking, transaction processing, customer information management platforms. Aligning solutions to strategic technical and capability roadmaps and identifying new shared capabilities and business opportunities. Experience of a broad range of Enterprise technology domains and technology implementations Experience and good understanding of Agile methodology. Strong communication skills and experience in working with diverse multiplatform teams Ability to interact with and influence colleagues and business partners at all seniority levels Strong knowledge and understanding of applications architecture, systems design and integration principles with a detailed understanding of applicable programming methodologies. Proven understanding of architectural concepts (security, data flow, network, data architecture) issues and trends. Strong communication, interpersonal, presentation and negotiation skills Able to apply existing and emerging technologies / architectures to deliver innovative solutions Strong analytical skills - problem identification and resolution Strong technical leadership Experience as subject matter expert for multiple initiatives Good knowledge of Scotiabank standards, API Guides/Playbooks, Enterprise Architecture and chassis components Experience with development practices and the deployment of distributed and mainframe applications within Scotiabank. 10+ years of experience in IT, with an emphasis on API and Micro-service development, and proven ability in delivery services. REST/SOAP Protocols XSLT/JSON Message Mapping and tools API & Service Integration development techniques Java/Node JS Frameworks and Components Cloud Architecture Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, AWS etc. Performance engineering techniques Good knowledge of Domain Driven Design and multiple Java frameworks Build, automated integration, and deployment tools such as Maven and Jenkins. Experience in delivering code using TDD, CI/CD, Code Analysis and Coverage tools to support automated testing and monitoring Source Code Management Systems (GIT, Bit Bucket, SVN) Security – secure development principles, OAuth, infrastructure security, etc Experience of working with TOGAF or other Enterprise Architecture Frameworks and their application Cloud infrastructure, Docker, Linux OS, distributed Relational/NoSQL/NewSQL datastores HA Design/Architecture principles Mainframe systems architecture and design Good knowledge on Mainframe communication protocols, IMS Connect, zOS Connect, etc. Understanding of IMS, CICS and DB2 subsystems and good knowledge of data, analytics, AI We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1446:
Own technical design, architecture, and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems. Be a part of a dynamic mobile team throughout the Software Development Life Cycle. Bring improvement to software engineering practices - work within agile teams to design, develop, test, implement and support technical solutions across a full stack of development tools and technologies. Be a mentor to Junior, Intermediate, and Senior mobile associates. At least 8 years of hands-on development using Java/Kotlin. At least 8 years of experience with application and/or data design, architecture and development. Experience providing mentorship to Junior and Intermediate Associates, and guidance to technical and Business stakeholders. Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering. 10+ Years of experience leading the full life-cycle of Software Development. Familiarity of front-end technology and frameworks such as React or Angular. Exposure to AWS or other cloud products. Experience working in an agile environment Contact with agile development methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID1447:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1448:

ScrapedJobID1449:
Analyze and translate business needs into functional specifications and obtain sign-off from stakeholders on these specifications Create, refine and maintain user stories and associated deliverables such as process flows to meet development and stakeholder needs Develop and manage the project roadmap through the development process Work within an Agile environment and lead all Agile ceremonies Build and maintain good strong relationships with clients and stakeholders and act as a proxy for the client to the development teams Manage the cycle of define, build, release, measure end-to-end Work closely with the squad, attending daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and high level estimates Maintain a strong sense of accountability and ownership of the product Effectively communicate product requirements to team members, articulate design and product decisions to clients 3 years of relevant experience as a product owner BS or MS in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent experience Proven effectiveness engaging with remote, distributed teams (including 2 years of experience in people management). Significant experience with Agile methodologies Proficient in JIRA and Confluence Experience in measuring metrics on JIRA Experience in product road mapping and strategy Has a strong knowledge of mobile app development methodologies Experience with data analytics to connect the dots, make sense of data and offer creative solutions Proven track record delivering successful products and great client experiences Ability to work in a fast paced environment and manage multiple projects Proficiency with writing and has a solid understanding of SQL queries Experience with product strategy and road mapping Experience working on mobile apps Scrum training and certifications (CSPO or PSPIO) Background as a developer/software engineer Experience in new digital technologies such as Cloud, Analytics, No-SQL databases 
ScrapedJobID1450:

ScrapedJobID1451:
Conduct a broad range of analyses, define architectures and solutions, and provide technical recommendations with respect to specific IT service delivery functions defined within the Flexiti Security Service Strategy and Service Design categories:
Architecture Management
Define a blueprint for the future development of the technological landscape, taking into account the service strategy and newly available technologies. The incumbent will be a domain expert with business acumen that aligns to Flexiti’s business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption.
Demand Management
Understand and anticipate internal client demand for services. Demand Management is coupled with Capacity Management to ensure that the level of IT provisioning is sufficient to meet the required demand.
Availability Management
Define, analyze, plan, measure and improve all factors related to the availability of IT services thereby ensuring that the IT applications, infrastructure, processes and tools are appropriate for maintaining agreed availability targets.
Architectural Governance
Develop Flexiti’s security Architectural Governance in alignment with Corporate Governance by developing guidance on effective and equitable usage of resources to ensure sustainability of Flexiti’s strategic objectives. Architecture Management
Define a blueprint for the future development of the technological landscape, taking into account the service strategy and newly available technologies. The incumbent will be a domain expert with business acumen that aligns to Flexiti’s business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption. Define a blueprint for the future development of the technological landscape, taking into account the service strategy and newly available technologies. The incumbent will be a domain expert with business acumen that aligns to Flexiti’s business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption. Demand Management
Understand and anticipate internal client demand for services. Demand Management is coupled with Capacity Management to ensure that the level of IT provisioning is sufficient to meet the required demand. Understand and anticipate internal client demand for services. Demand Management is coupled with Capacity Management to ensure that the level of IT provisioning is sufficient to meet the required demand. Availability Management
Define, analyze, plan, measure and improve all factors related to the availability of IT services thereby ensuring that the IT applications, infrastructure, processes and tools are appropriate for maintaining agreed availability targets. Define, analyze, plan, measure and improve all factors related to the availability of IT services thereby ensuring that the IT applications, infrastructure, processes and tools are appropriate for maintaining agreed availability targets. Architectural Governance
Develop Flexiti’s security Architectural Governance in alignment with Corporate Governance by developing guidance on effective and equitable usage of resources to ensure sustainability of Flexiti’s strategic objectives. Develop Flexiti’s security Architectural Governance in alignment with Corporate Governance by developing guidance on effective and equitable usage of resources to ensure sustainability of Flexiti’s strategic objectives. Strategy & Planning
Maintain an in-depth knowledge of the company’s strategic business plans.
Provide architectural consulting expertise, direction, and assistance to Business Systems Analysts, Business Solutions Architects, Infrastructure team, and Application Developers.
Evaluate and document the company’s existing security architecture and technology portfolio.
Identify potential sources of application security risk, prioritizing them based on risk impact.
Develop and document multiple options for revised IT architectures and changes to the technology portfolio, with recommendations for security optimization and cost/benefit analyses for each option.
Provide guidance on Threat Assessment and Response initiatives in alignment with the strategic and operational objectives of the technology organization and the business.
Understand and articulate to key stakeholders how information aspects of the Security Architecture help achieve business strategy.
Develop, document, communicate and enforce a technology standards policy.
Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of infrastructure development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and infrastructure flexibility.
Design, develop and oversee implementation of end-to-end integrated security systems.
Identify where change is required (development of a Gap mitigation plan) in order to keep the Security Architecture vital, sustainable and ready to support business capabilities.
Ensure alignment between different domains of IT architecture.
Define the Security Architecture framework in order to have non-redundant, integrated, cost-effective solutions with a common foundation for all systems.
Help define and articulate a strategic roadmap to enable Flexiti’s current and future security needs, based on the IT strategic roadmap and Business strategy.
Support other domain architects - Address technical architectural issues throughout the construction of a solution to ensure that it remains true to the defined technical solution architecture. Maintain an in-depth knowledge of the company’s strategic business plans. Provide architectural consulting expertise, direction, and assistance to Business Systems Analysts, Business Solutions Architects, Infrastructure team, and Application Developers. Evaluate and document the company’s existing security architecture and technology portfolio. Identify potential sources of application security risk, prioritizing them based on risk impact. Develop and document multiple options for revised IT architectures and changes to the technology portfolio, with recommendations for security optimization and cost/benefit analyses for each option. Provide guidance on Threat Assessment and Response initiatives in alignment with the strategic and operational objectives of the technology organization and the business. Understand and articulate to key stakeholders how information aspects of the Security Architecture help achieve business strategy. Develop, document, communicate and enforce a technology standards policy. Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of infrastructure development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and infrastructure flexibility. Design, develop and oversee implementation of end-to-end integrated security systems. Identify where change is required (development of a Gap mitigation plan) in order to keep the Security Architecture vital, sustainable and ready to support business capabilities. Ensure alignment between different domains of IT architecture. Define the Security Architecture framework in order to have non-redundant, integrated, cost-effective solutions with a common foundation for all systems. Help define and articulate a strategic roadmap to enable Flexiti’s current and future security needs, based on the IT strategic roadmap and Business strategy. Support other domain architects - Address technical architectural issues throughout the construction of a solution to ensure that it remains true to the defined technical solution architecture. Operational Management
Collaborate with end users and senior management to define business requirements in support of complex systems development efforts and to gain buy-in for all technology plans.
Engage with the organization and IT team to identify and prioritize continuous improvement in Cyber response capabilities.
Provide guidance for the delivery of the Cyber Incident Response Program.
Work with external (Third parties) and internal clients (Internal Audit) to remediate identified gaps.
Review new and existing IT projects, systems designs and procurement/outsourcing plans for compliance with IT standards and architectural plans.
Provide guidance to junior members of the team. Collaborate with end users and senior management to define business requirements in support of complex systems development efforts and to gain buy-in for all technology plans. Engage with the organization and IT team to identify and prioritize continuous improvement in Cyber response capabilities. Provide guidance for the delivery of the Cyber Incident Response Program. Work with external (Third parties) and internal clients (Internal Audit) to remediate identified gaps. Review new and existing IT projects, systems designs and procurement/outsourcing plans for compliance with IT standards and architectural plans. Provide guidance to junior members of the team. You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits 10+ relevant experience, with 5+ years work experience as an Security Engineer/Architect. Good understanding of application security concepts such as SAST & DAST. Good understanding of the architectural principles of cloud-based platforms including IaaS, PaaS and SaaS. In AWS and Azure. Good understanding of cloud security and knowledge of enterprise security practices. Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering and analysis. Proven experience in systems design and development. Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Knowledge of security standards (ISO 27001, NIST 800-53, etc.) frameworks (NIST Cybersecurity, etc.) and regulations (particularly in financials) is preferred. Solid knowledge of network technologies, hardware platforms and operating systems. Solid understanding of security requirements through the entire technology stack. Solid Knowledge of current software, protocols and standards. Excellent knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Knowledge of multiple programming languages and development methodologies. Proven project planning and management experience. Strong knowledge of Cyber Simulations, Threat Modelling, and Penetration testing. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. 
ScrapedJobID1452:
Interviewing potential consultants to ensure all onboarding employees will be successful in the Azure domain. Be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of our best-in-class Azure training materials. Training, guiding and mentoring consultants with existing basic programming and computer science skills up to junior and mid-level developers. Preparing mock interview situations for the consultants to enhance the esteemed learning process provided by the company. Acting as a primary technical support resource for individuals working on a variety of projects throughout the US (this requires ability to support remotely) Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that projects and employees are appropriately matched. Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that consultants on projects remain successfully on these projects and do not result in technical failure. Prepping consultants for interviews for specific assignments involving mobile development. 5+ Years of professional Azure and Architecture experience Azure Certified DevOps Engineer Azure Certified Solutions Architect Bachelor’s Degree in the Computer Science or related field Project Management background preferred. Knowledge of the Consulting/Sales structure Able to work full-time schedule and possibility of flexible extended hours. Candidate should have experience with Migrating Data, Analytics, and web applications from on-prem to Azure. Experience with Azure Cloud Formation Templates Experience with Azure EMR & Redshift Experience with Hadoop eco system in Cloud (Spark, Hive and HBase etc.) Experience with Apache NiFi Knowledge with Cloud container (EKS) services (Kubemetes) is a plus. Cloud infrastructure configuration and optimization Network management and security for cloud environments (e.g., Azure) Automated deployments and source code/configuration management tools Re-architecture and design of systems to become cloud native (e.g., Azure Lambda) Relational Database administration using SQL and configuration knowledge for the MySQL engine. Dev Environment Mgmt. - Agile, Scrum, Sprints Bonus pay Company pension Extended health care Monday to Friday Computer networking: 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1453:
3 plus years of professional experience developing software using C++ In depth understanding of core C++ concepts, including OOD, exceptions, memory management and smart pointers Front end / GUI exposure or interest Familiarity with at least some DPs, Scott Meyers books and alike High standard of quality in coding practices Keen personal interest in computer science and programming in general Ability to work proactively, both independently and as a team member Working knowledge of Objective C and MacOS X development (major asset) Mobile development experience Raster / vector 2D graphics GIS systems development experience and related libraries such as GDAL Qt library Interest in geography, cartography or geodesy Extended health care Dental care Vision care Life insurance AD&D insurance Long term disability insurance Health care spending account Remote interview process Virtual meetings All COVID-19 protocols are being followed in our in-person meetings 
ScrapedJobID1454:
Participating in project planning and solution proposals. Architecting, designing, and developing new features. Working with data structures, algorithms, and system design. Implementing high quality unit tests. Performing peer code review to meet program quality targets Identifying and diagnosing deficiencies related to systems, coding and infrastructure, and recommending solutions for mitigation. Using version control with GIT (both local and using cloud-based platforms like Bitbucket). Progressive experience in systems development and analysis with a focus on Java Development An understanding of development on distributed systems operating at scale Experience with:
API creation and RESTful services
Creating data models
Relational and NoSQL database experience (MySQL, Oracle, DB2, etc)
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with server-side languages, specifically Java 8+
Knowledge and experience with server-side frameworks including Spring Boot and Hibernate API creation and RESTful services Creating data models Relational and NoSQL database experience (MySQL, Oracle, DB2, etc) Demonstrated knowledge and experience with server-side languages, specifically Java 8+ Knowledge and experience with server-side frameworks including Spring Boot and Hibernate Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1455:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1456:
in platform engineering: 5 years (required) supporting Apple macOS in an enterprise: 2 years (required) JAMF (Jamf 200, Jamf 300, Jamf 400) or other MDM solutions: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1457:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1458:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Participate in data engineering and transformation design to ensure highly scalable, extensible, and performant solutions. Contribute to data ingestion, transformation and extraction solutions in Enterprise big data platform (EDL) and Global Data and Analytics Platform Contribute to data and project design and delivery for some of highly visible and critical projects across bank Contribute to translating architecture or design into both logical and physical data models that comply with existing (and evolving) standards and practices. Hands on development supporting Data integration, Analytics and Cloud environments. Work with the Bank’s data governance program Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions. Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with Scotiabank’s Values, its Code of Conduct while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions and conduct risk. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Graduate degree in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) related discipline is desirable, along with 7+ years of working in IT and 5+ years practical experience in Data Engineering/Integration and Analytics. 3+ years of experience in working with Hadoop Hive, Apache Sqoop, Apache Spark 3+ years of experience in SQL and ETL Development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with Talend 2+ years of hands-on experience with Python or Java programming. 2+ years of hand on experience with scheduling tools such as Autosys, Tidal, Airflow 2+ years of software development (SDLC) experience in Agile Scrum/Kanban methodology 2+ years of development production support experience is an asset Working experience with DevOps and running Jenkins pipelines Strong communication and presentation skills Excellent understanding of RDBMS concepts (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2) Hands on experience with Unix/Linux Command Line Interface (CLI) and Shell Scripting Experience with code repository, version control and code promotion tools such as Git/bitbucket and Jenkins We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1459:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1460:
Azure Data engineering, design, and architecture, as well as reporting and analytics. Implement security through Azure services such as Azure Storage Encryption, Azure Disk Encryption, and/or Azure SQL Database transparent data encryption. Experience in the implementation and maintenance of Azure Data lakes and SQL Service. Focus on Azure network security with in-depth knowledge of architecture and various security technologies. Review existing architecture and configuration plans and make appropriate recommendations to ensure future supportability. Conduct supportability reviews and provide a detailed assessment of MS Azure current or planned configuration. Make recommendations on best practices for business scenarios that can help significantly reduce the time needed for successful deployments or migrations. Deliver Azure technology-specific training that can be tailored and delivered in person or online to increase the skill sets on internal teams and depth of knowledge on key Microsoft technologies. Manage, configure, and optimize Power BI Premium capacities. Experience in the publication and maintenance of Power BI Applications that may or may not include RLS. Design and implement solutions for data monitoring, availability and reliability, performance, analytics, and security. Strong advocate for documenting and communicating data models and data flows to increase data proficiency for agency’s environments. Assure proactive monitoring, maintenance, and production support of a broad array of data transformation processes and database systems. Troubleshooting reporting database environment and reports. 5+ years of experience designing, building, and administering on-prem and cloud database systems. 5+ years hands-on advanced experience designing and developing BI Solutions and providing technical expertise. 3+ years working as an Azure System Administrator, working with Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing on Azure. 3+ years hands-on advanced experience using Power BI Premium. Experience using Cloud architecture Azure SQL Service. Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, problem-solving and research skills Must be able to multitask and have extensive experience interacting with a diverse user/customer base. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID1461:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1462:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1463:
Design and Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into Hadoop from different data sources (Files, Mainframe, Relational Sources, NoSQL Etc.) using Informatica BDM Parse unstructured data, semi structured data such as JSON, XML etc. using Informatica Data Processor. Analyze the Informatica PowerCenter Jobs and redesign and develop them in BDM. Design and develop efficient Mapping and workflows to load data to Data Marts. Perform the GAP analysis between various legacy applications to migrate them to newer platforms/data marts. Write efficient queries in Hive or Impala and PostgreSQL to extract data on Adhoc basis to do the data analysis. Identify the performance bottlenecks in ETL Jobs and tune their performance by enhancing or redesigning them. Work with Hadoop administrators, PostgreS DBAs to partition the hive tables, refresh metadata and various other activities, to enhance the performance of data loading and extraction. Performance tuning of ETL mappings and queries. Write simple or medium complex shell scripts to preprocess the files, schedule ETL jobs etc. Identify various manual processes, queries etc. in the Data and BI areas, design and develop ETL Jobs to automate them. Participate in daily scrums; work with vendor partners, QA team and business users in various stages of development cycle. 7+ years of experience in designing and developing ETL Jobs (Informatica or any other ETL tool) 3+ years of experience working on Informatica BDM platform Experience on various execution modes in BDM such Blaze, Spark, Hive, Native. 3+ years of experience working on Hadoop Platform, writing hive or impala queries. 5+ years of experience working on relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, PostgreSQL etc.) and writing SQL queries. Should have deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, Hadoop Jobs, SQL’s, Partitioning, Indexing and various other techniques. Experience in writing Shell scripts. Experience in Spark Jobs (Python or Scala) is an asset. 1+ years of experience with working on AWS technologies for data pipelines, data warehouses Minimum 5+ years of experience with building ETLs to load data warehouse, data marts Awareness of Kimball and Inmon data warehouse methodologies Nice to have knowledge on all the products of Informatica such as IDQ, MDM, IDD, BDM, Data Catalogue, PowerCenter etc. Must have experience working in Agile SCRUM methodology, should have used Jira, Bit bucket, GIT, Jenkins to deploy the codes from one environment to other. Experience working in diverse multicultural environment with different vendors, onsite/offshore vendor teams etc. P&C Insurance industry knowledge will be an added asset Certifications in Informatica product suite as a developer Nice to have 2+ years of experience with AWS data stack (IAM, 33, Kinesis Stream, Kinesis firehose, Lambda, Athena, Glue, RedShift and EMR Exposure to other cloud platforms such as Azure and GCP are acceptable as well 
ScrapedJobID1464:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1465:

ScrapedJobID1466:
Ideally 2+ years of Full-Stack development experience in building & shipping modern Javascript applications on distributed architecture & static front-end UIs. Strong skills in developing applications & services with JavaScript, specifically with Node.js based frameworks & React.js or Gatsby.js for frontend UI & workflows/state management (Redux), Webpack, Babel & handling NPM modules, etc. Hands-on experience or fundamental understanding of microservices architecture in building web services using Cloud Functions, AWS Lambda, S3, Google Cloud Storage, AWS API Gateway, Beanstalk, Google App Engine, fundamental understanding of IaaC with Terraform or Serverless & Microservices Architecture. Experience with front-end development and design systems such as Material.io, Segment, Bootstrap, and full customization capabilities using SCSS, CSS, LESS. Good knowledge of CI/CD methodology & using tools like Git & CircleCI, Jenkins, AWS CodeBuild. Team Player. You believe that you can achieve more on a team — that "the whole is greater than the sum of its parts". You rely on others’ candid feedback for continuous improvement. Strong problem-solving and analytical skills & a self-propelled curiosity to explore new technologies, new avenues & different approaches in building scalable products & ideas. Believes in contributing to open-source ideas/code & recognizes the true scale of collective innovation. Working on-site, remote not available Office is located in Mississauga at Winston Churchill and Dundas Compensation range $50,000 - 70,000 A flexible vacation policy (Need time? Take time) Equity in the business - ownership is a key value at BrokerPocket and we want you to have a piece of the pie The good stuff to help you grow in your career with us: performance reviews, product reviews, feedback sessions with the founding team The tools you need to get the job done, like that really specific keyboard setup that lets you code faster than Usain Bolt runs. Bonus pay Casual dress On-site parking Stock options Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) JavaScript: 1 year (preferred) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) AWS: 1 year (preferred) Terraform: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1467:
Help the team create world class digital solutions in our agile environment by leading a team of engineers and collaborating with experienced digital advertising product leaders. Hands on mentoring and coaching of team members. Help them achieve their best result by removing impediments and supporting their technical and professional growth. Help guide new product ideas and the ability to quickly turn-around on important opportunities by developing technical solution candidates, providing feasibility assessments, and executing software delivery with a focus on quality and performance. Interface with external marketing agencies, OEM vehicle manufacturers, and other 3rd party service organizations. Assist the engineering team in managing the technical aspects of our content management platform. Articulate and translate product vision into technology features and implementation tactics. Communicate the technology strategy effectively to senior stakeholders and team members. Contribute to the creation of clear product vision and roadmap with the Director and Senior Product Manager. Stay embedded with the engineering team to clarify business requirements, remove roadblocks, and analyze feasibility. Mange the administrative and human resources functions of the team including recruitment, performance management and payroll. Anticipate and manage technology evolution as it relates to business solutions. Foster team adoption of software engineering best practices. Set the quality standards for software delivery. Strong technical skills with consumer-facing web solutions across devices Microsoft .Net platform development in C#, ASP.Net, MVC, Web API, etc. using Visual Studio and related tooling Agile methodologies (Scrum and/or Kanban), and related tools Bitbucket for source control. Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment experience. Experience managing a team of direct engineering reports. A hands-on leader, mentor, and coach to development team members Excellent written & spoken English communication & presentation skills University Degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or related subject. 5-7 year’s management experience in online software industry; strong knowledge of website design, functionality usability, and web-based application architectures. Experience in the digital marketing industry on either the agency or client-side. Knowledge of advertising standards, technical solutions, and ad-serving with platforms like Google Advertising API, Facebook Business APIs, and Youtube’s Advertising platform Hands on experience in the development atop content management systems like Umbraco and/or WordPress Strong experiences with Microsoft platform web development. Experience with cloud-based solutions, ideally with Microsoft Azure 
ScrapedJobID1468:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces Product development process – it’s more than solely coding. Be collaborative member of the autonomous cross-functional team to define, build, test and deliver innovative enterprise-grade solutions This role will lead systems and environment development for NEW applications based on existing and well-established platforms. There is a large team of industry, product and technical experts to help - you will have all the support you could ask for. We use a modern development stack including Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda & Kinesis and Node.js – we are primarily an open source shop. We run on Atlassian, Slack, Jenkins, GitHub Enterprise, Splunk, AppDynamics and other top industry technologies. You will be working in a stable business environment with strong organizational and management support, so you can focus on your craft. Mastery, Autonomy and Purpose are core tenants that serve to drive us every day. Bachelor’s Degree required in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or above Passion for high-quality execution, technical and operational excellence. Proven track record working in an agile environment with sharp focus on shipping frequently while managing competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated passion for agile principles, values and continuous improvement of engineering processes Strong believer and promoter of built-in-quality, DevOps mindset and automation Solid understanding of software development fundamentals, data structures, design patterns and web system architecture 3+ years of experience with high quality object-oriented code 2+ years of professional experience building Node.js backend applications Strong knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS 2+/ReactJS Solid understanding and experience working with relational DBs like Postgres, MySQL or Oracle Experienced with development for AWS Knowledge with Typescript Experienced in developing REST APIs Strong experience with Git source control Experience in development of large-scale SaaS and cloud-native applications Experience conducting code reviews and mentoring junior developers Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery Excellent communication and presentation skills to interact with both internal and external people Support continuous improvements initiatives and actively identify bottlenecks and ways to improve engineering practices and development process Promoter of writing well-designed, reusable, testable and efficient code Contribute in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle Strong ability to troubleshooting and resolving issues Knowledgeable with test-driven development Experience with CI/CD process Familiarity with AWS technologies such as Lambda and Kinesis Familiarity with the Serverless Framework Familiarity with micro services Familiarity with MongoDB, DynamoDB or any other No-SQL databases Competitive compensation Health Care insurance, including vision and prescription drugs benefits Dental insurance Employee and Family Assistance Program Life insurance Disability insurance Retirement savings plan Employee stock purchase program Paid holidays and generous paid time off Learning and development resources 
ScrapedJobID1469:
Design new features, automate deployments, and aid in architectural design. You will collaborate with diverse agile teams (i.e. Infrastructure, Information Security, System/Application Development Teams and external partners/vendors) to assist with the implementation of complex innovative features Build infrastructure through code and maintain our high-quality code base by performing code reviews, integrating CI/CD pipelines with security and performance test tools, and automating code quality checks Identifying and diagnosing deficiencies related to systems, coding and infrastructure, and recommending creative solutions for mitigation Be an integral part of the team that builds and operates digital businesses used by millions of Canadians daily Ship code into production and have impact at a national scale Hands on experience with software engineering, computer science, computer engineering or related technical field (experience programming in Java, Python, or GO is asset) Demonstrated success as a DevOps/Full Stack Engineer Enthusiastic experience in troubleshooting technical problems and automating solutions to reduce manual toil Blend of both Development and SRE mindset (i.e. software and infrastructure) Comfortable with Cloud Native platforms (knowledge of Google Cloud Platform is an asset) 
ScrapedJobID1470:
This is a 6 months contract with potential to extend. 
ScrapedJobID1471:
Bring sophisticated management skills in IT planning, organizational design, and governance and an in-depth understanding of current technology trends, methodologies, and tools. Bring substantive experience gained from within a healthcare provider environment. One should bring implementation and optimization experience. Oversee end-to-end software engineering, including web development, mobile development, back-end API’s, database Review and participate in key architecture and technical design decisions to develop and support world-class customer-facing web applications using various technologies. Assist in the definition of technology roadmaps, products and improvements aligned with appropriate product and business roadmaps Advance architecture, process, and tools through innovation, cutting edge technology and research Drive continuous improvement and automates tools, processes, and technology to allow for greater engineering throughput, quality, capabilities, skills and delivery Able to measure organizational progress and health through metrics and results Bridge communications between the business and IT teams and take full ownership of the product development lifecycle in-line with Agile principles Work with IT Operations in developing a DevOps strategy for the build and deployment of software solutions Manage a team of engineers in defining, documenting, and developing software for our company’s platform Work closely with the Chief Strategy Officer and department leadership teams to explore new technologies and promote an agile culture Provide expertise in identifying and translating system requirements into software design documentation Minimum ten years of software development & architecture leadership experience Must have 5+ years experience in healthcare 2+ years of hands-on technical leadership, including use of Agile/SCRUM practices Have knowledge with deployment of cloud-based applications and agile computing Application Lifecycle Management, SDLC, and Support, Traditional & Agile and iterative development methodologies Project Planning, Estimating, Scheduling, Tracking, Budgeting, and Reporting Risk & Issue Planning (Identification, Mitigation, Resolution) Strong Diagnostic & Analytical Capabilities Web, Mobile, App development experience Considerable knowledge of data security and privacy regulations and requirements and software development best practices for compliance Experience with cloud services specifically Azure Experience working with relational and non-relational databases Highly proficient in Java, Angular, JQuery, Flex / Actionscript and web APIs Proficient with mobile and web application design, including many of the following: Spring, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring Security, HTML 5, JSON, XML (DTD and Schemas), XSLT, JSTL, D3, JavaScript, AJAX, Jquery Mobile, and Security Experience developing applications using SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) interfaces and architectures such as REST and SOAP. Experience with and understanding of service based and Microservices architectures Experience with application architecture principles and implementation for single-page web apps across different frameworks (Angular, React, Vue.js, etc.) Expert in all things CSS (layout approaches, selectors, pseudo-classes, pseudo-elements, animations, rendering process in browsers, differences between browsers/devices, etc.) Understanding of performance and platform limitations of SPA web applications, in both desktop and mobile context, and be able to collaborate on mitigation techniques Understanding of interface guidelines and must be able to collaborate in the development of good web/responsive UX Strong understanding of interactive touch/gesture interfaces for web Understanding of Web application architectures to include fault tolerance, failover, scalability, load balancing, security, proxies, cookies, SSO, etc. Experience with Automation, Test Driven Development and Debugging Understanding of DevOps and CI/CD pipelines Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1472:
Engage in technical discussion of new solutions and architectures. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Ensure that technical decisions support our goals of quality, performance, scalability, reliability, availability, and security. Work with our operations team to improve the architecture while building and scaling services. Build new features with a focus on testability and extensibility. Opportunity to revamp our data architecture and make it more nimble, efficient, and powerful Drive new insights based on continuous improvements to our data infrastructure and be the liaison between Engineering, Data, and the End Users You’re a professional with 5 + years of experience building amazing things that speak for themselves. Experience working with Python and Django. Async Python experience. An understanding of SQL and relational database design. Optional, but preferred understanding of asynchronous programming, Postgres, JSON Web APIs, AWS, Jenkins, Django Rest Framework, Linux. Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken. Excellent interpersonal skills (collaborate, facilitate, and negotiate). Understanding of cloud platforms and experience deploying on AWS. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1473:
Migrate Jira to AWS Migrate from older Jira versions and from competing products, and walk teams through the process Merge/consolidate multiple instances Demonstrable ability to upgrade from older versions, and walk teams through the process Building components (add-ons) or customizations for the Atlassian JIRA platform. Develop connectors with enterprise systems and services for various projects. Integrate data between third party systems and Atlassian software suite. Build customizations to simplify user and group management. Ensure all configurations are optimized for efficiency across all teams and use cases Develop automation to promote self-service, increase efficiency and productivity, and simplify maintenance and administration Engineering for high availability, container platform automation and performance tuning 3+ years of hands-on experience with Atlassian JIRA and Confluence, preferably in a large installation Experience with Atlassian Jira and Confluence administration and configuration Experience working with Atlassian Cloud, Server and datacenter deployments Experience working with delivery methodologies (eg. Waterfall, Agile - Scrum) Web application administration in cloud environment Demonstrable scripting experience and have extended JIRA beyond its out of box capabilities using Atlassian REST API's Demonstrable ability to deliver technical initiatives with Script Runner and Jira Automation Understanding and experience with DevOps principles, processes and tools (eg. Git, Bitbucket, Jenkins, etc.) Strong scripting and API experience Familiarity with database concepts Highly proficient in leading large-scale projects or significant project steps and communicating progress/approach with technical/non-technical peers/clients and leaders. Understanding and hands-on experience of defect tracking, project management tools and documentation. Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills Ability to manage multiple requests from various stakeholders and negotiate priorities accordingly across the body of work Excellent verbal and written communication skills Active Atlassian Certifications Monday to Friday Do you have active Atlassian certifications? Where are you located? Jira and Confluence administration and configuration: 3 years (preferred) Atlassian Cloud, Server, and Datacenter deployments: 1 year (preferred) scripting and APIs: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1474:
Successful candidate will be responsible for the effective analysis, design, development, and delivery of high availability & reliability applications which utilized different technology stacks (including Python, Java, Kafka, NoSQL, Kubernetes etc.). Work with team of engineers for development, deployment and monitoring of derivatives trading and derivatives valuation applications Work with diverse set of technologies to implement new systems, or enhancements of existing implementations, and ensure sound integration with surrounding components from end to end operational perspective. Understanding the existing purpose of the application and a how the end user is putting the service to use. Design sound solutions that meet the enhanced and new business needs. Ensure that delivery meets the integrity, quality, performance and reliability requirements by building automated testing and regression suites and use of DevOps principles. To coordinate infrastructure needs for requisitioning Cloud based infrastructure, databases and assist actively with documentational requirements covering architecture, security and operational readiness. Key skills – Linux, K8S, Docker, GitOps, Ansible, Python, Azure The successful candidate must have a minimum of 10 years’ experience in developing, deploying and maintaining large scale applications with complex integration and have cloud-based deployment experience. At least 2 years of this experience must be in fully automating analytics deployment process and working with CI/CD tools. The role requires leadership skills, hands-on technical experience, and a can-do approach towards environment automation / management and continuous improvement for efficiency and cost effectiveness. 1-2 years’ experience working with Kubernetes and Helm Charts in production environments Monitoring tools such as TICK stack, Prometheus, ELK stack Knowledge and experience in securing data both in transit and at rest (data encryption, PKI, TLS, HTTPS). Solid experience as a DevOps Engineer in a 24x7 uptime environment, including automation experience with configuration management tools. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills are essential Ability to analyze and resolve complex infrastructure and application deployment issues. Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always available service. Knowledge of Linux system administration. Proficient with source code versioning tools (Git) and build tools (Gradle). Strong organizational skills, excellent problem-solving, communication, and collaboration skills Experience with No-SQL databases, Microsoft Azure cloud platform Must be flexible to adapt to a dynamic environment, make quick and sound decisions under pressure. Must be reliable, proactive, results-oriented, customer-focused and attentive to details. Market risk or financial risk experience Knowledge of Capital markets and financial instruments Experience with derivative products (IR, Credit, and Equity) and foreign exchange 
ScrapedJobID1475:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 2+ years of management/lead experience within a cloud/SaaS-based software product company Technical background in DevOps and/or Cloud Engineering; experience with software delivery to public cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) and CI/CD is imperative Knowledge/experience with IaC and CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Ansible/Chef/Terraform/Puppet, Azure DevOps, Kubernetes/AKS, etc. is a strong asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1476:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1477:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1478:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Technical leadership for the expansion and optimization of data collection and data pipeline architecture Subject matter expert in development and integration with Web Services and APIs Monitor and support data pipelines and ETL workflows Cloud (Azure) infrastructure administration: network configurations, access and permissions, cloud services Oversee, participate in and manage production deployments. Interface with global vendor and internal teams. Ensure cloud environment reliability, availability, performance and security Define and implement monitoring and alerting for cloud infrastructure and applications Coordinate recovery from incidents utilizing well-defined operational procedures, tools, and efficient communication across internal and external stakeholders. Actively use and suggest improvements to the continuous delivery toolset 5+ years (or educational equivalent) building data pipelines using MSFT database technologies, with at least 2 years using Azure tools and services (Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks, Spark, Azure Blob/ADLS, Azure SQL, Snowflake..) 3+ years and a proven record of success in the administration of cloud infrastructure in public clouds such as Azure 3+ years and a proven record of success in monitoring cloud infrastructure, applications, big data pipelines and ETL workflows Experienced in managing outages, customer escalations, crisis management, and other similar circumstances. Proficient with DevOps tools and environments like Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Git, Ansible, Terraform. Proficient with scripting languages like Python, PySpark, PowerShell Proficient in SQL and Spark SQL Familiarity with agile software delivery methodologies Knowledge of Digital Marketing (Email, Search-Engine Marketing, Social, Affiliate) or eCommerce 
ScrapedJobID1479:

ScrapedJobID1480:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Security training and outreach to internal development teams Documenting security guidance and standards Security tool development Security metrics delivery and driving improvement Based out of the Seattle or Vancouver SSCs Experience building tools and processes to reliably identify security issues and logic flaws across large code bases Understanding of security challenges in service architectures or large distributed systems Expertise with web application security best practices Working experience one or more programming languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, preferred Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences • An understanding of AWS cloud services and concepts such as S3, EC2, Lambda, and VPC • Experience with common web application testing tools for IAST, DAST and SAST, and analysis tools Exposure to E-commerce / Web Content Management System platforms (Like Salesforce Commerce cloud, ATG, AEM) Exposure security analysis and best practice recommendation in micro service landscape. Program Management experience Working knowledge in Jira Bug Bounty program experience Agile software development experience Cloudfare experience 
ScrapedJobID1481:
Analyze business, IT and data requirements, document data solutions and ETL processes, and support implementation of data solutions (OLTP & OLAP) accordingly. Collaborate with Product Owners, PMs, Scrum masters and participate in projects to support data engineering requirements, design and testing Partner with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools Perform analyses on existing data models, pipeline, processes, etc., and document findings and provide recommendations and action plans to update or improve them for corporate projects and improvement initiatives Develop Advanced T-SQL such as temporal tables, PIVOTs, recursive table expressions, dynamic SQL as well as high complexity, fast performing SELECT queries, T-SQL procedures, functions, triggers, views, jobs, scripts to support data operations and DW users. Optimize SQL statements executed by end users/ETL code as required; Test and troubleshoot ETL job functionality, validate database objects and structures through use of SQL and other means Drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality; Test and troubleshoot ETL job functionality, validate database objects and structures through use of SQL and other means Work closely with QA Test Engineers to develop and execute test cases and ensure appropriate test coverage You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits 3 years of experience in Databases with a least one year of business or systems analysis Knowledge of MSSQL, MongoDB, SOAP/XML, REST/JSON Understanding of ELT and ETL and hands on experience with SSIS, SSRS (development and some admin experience) Experience with data modeling (OLTP and OLAP) using Erwin, Visio or similar tools Experience in all aspects of SDLC Working knowledge of AWS Cloud (RDS) Spark, R and python experience are an asset Familiarity with ad-hoc file transfer solution/s, such as FTP, HTTP Experience with modeling Power BI data modeling, designing dashboards is desirable Financial services experience is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1482:
Design and develop applications, system-to-system interfaces, and complete software solutions. Solid experience with modern UI design and development methodologies. Diverse capabilities for SDK development. Participate in design and code reviews. Contribute to enhancing the development process. Minimum of 4 years experience in the development of front-end or client-side within a professional software development organization. SDK development experience in one or more technologies – PHP / Java /.Net / JavaScript / Ruby / Python / Node.js. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Good in software design concepts, design patterns, algorithms, and data structures. Overall IT experience of 5-8 years. Java experience would also be beneficial. Experience with building and managing software packages or server images. Experience on public cloud platforms like Microsoft Clienture or AmClienton AWS and their tools. Exposure to AWS preferred. Engineers with versatile capabilities across software skills preferred. Experience in managing Linux-based infrastructure. Experience with RESTful web services, XML and JSON. Experience in designing, and implementing scalable and resilient RESTful API services. Experience in writing documentation and creating design diagrams. Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring. Solid practitioner of the Agile/Scrum development process, with test-driven development, DevOps, and continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD). Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. No 
ScrapedJobID1483:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Studio virtuel de cours en ligne Horaire de travail flexible Co-concevoir, co-créer, co-tester le traitement complet des données de bout en bout, modélisation et rapports des données : Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les parties prenantes et l'architecte de solutions pour s'assurer que l'architecture répond aux besoins de l'entreprise Améliorer la qualité, la fiabilité et l'efficacité de l'ensemble du processus d'acquisition et de traitement des données Optimiser les solutions en termes de performances et d'évolutivité 5 à 10 ans d’expérience dans un rôle similaire Connaissance de l’environnement Amazon Cloud pour la gestion de données (3 à 5 ans d’expérience) Baccalauréat et/ou Maîtrise en informatique, génie informatique ou l’équivalent Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais, oral et écrit Expérience dans la construction de données volumineuses complexes et de mécanismes de livraison pour soutenir l'analyse avancée et l'analyse des insights Solide expérience des techniques et des meilleures pratiques de modélisation des données, de la conception d'entrepôts de données, de l'ETL, de SQL et de Python (niveau senior avec un fort leadership technique). Connaissance du cadre agile (SCRUM) Solides compétences en communication et en relations interpersonnelles ; doit communiquer efficacement avec les équipes techniques et non techniques Capacité à travailler en équipe et à diriger une équipe technique : capacité à travailler en étroite collaboration avec différentes équipes fonctionnelles, des responsables à distance et des pairs Esprit critique et capacité à résoudre des problèmes Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Virtual Studio for online courses Flexible work schedule Co-Design, Co-create, Co-test the complete end-to-end data processing, Data Modeling and Data Reporting Work closely with stakeholders & Solution Architect to ensure architecture meets the business requirements Improve data quality, reliability and efficiency of the entire data ingestion and processing process Optimize solutions for performance and scalability 5-10 years experience in a similar role Knowledge of Amazon Cloud environment for Data Management (3 to 5 years experience). BSc and/or Master’s in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent English & French oral and written. Experience building large, complex big data sets and delivery mechanisms to support advanced analytics and insights analysis Solid experience with Data Modeling techniques and best practices, Datawarehouse Design, ETL, SQL and Python (Senior level with strong technical leadership) Knowledge of Agile Framework (SCRUM) Strong communication and interpersonal skills; must communicate effectively with technical and non-technical teams Team-player and technical team lead capabilities: ability to work in close collaboration across different functional teams, remote leaders and peers Critical thinking and problem-solving skills Quart de jour 
ScrapedJobID1484:
Engage in technical discussion of new solutions and architectures. Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement. Ensure that technical decisions support our goals of quality, performance, scalability, reliability, availability, and security. Work with our operations team to improve the architecture while building and scaling services. Build new features with a focus on testability and extensibility. Opportunity to revamp our data architecture and make it more nimble, efficient, and powerful Drive new insights based on continuous improvements to our data infrastructure and be the liaison between Engineering, Data, and the End Users You’re a professional with 5 + years of experience building amazing things that speak for themselves. Experience working with Python and Django. Async Python experience. An understanding of SQL and relational database design. Optional, but preferred understanding of asynchronous programming, Postgres, JSON Web APIs, AWS, Jenkins, Django Rest Framework, Linux. Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken. Excellent interpersonal skills (collaborate, facilitate, and negotiate). Understanding of cloud platforms and experience deploying on AWS. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1485:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design and implement test case automation in a Java-based test automation framework. Work with design team and verification engineer to gather requirement on test case design. Assist continuous integration team in deploying test cases in the continuous integration flow. Configure and troubleshoot automation test environment, including the setup of DU/vDU, UE and UE simulators. Debug, collect and discover new requirements to improve test automation framework. Solid Java development skill in Linux environment. 5-10 years of experience in test automation for embedded software. Strong understanding of integration test methodology and test automation design. Knowledge of Cloud-Native infrastructure based on Kubernetes/Docker microservices and containers. Knowledge of mobile network architecture, 3GPP standards for physical layer, signaling layer and protocol layer, TCP/IP inter-networking. You are a self-learner and are comfortable in picking up knowledge from documentation, wiki pages and forums. You enjoy problem-solving and making things work. You have a friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1486:
Lead and participate in the design, development, deployment of Java REST web service APIs and microservices. Deployment is done using Kubernetes containers. Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Post secondary Computer Science diploma or degree 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do 6 years of development skills and progressive information technology experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Strong working experience with Java APIs, REST, Spring, JSON, web services and web hosting technologies 2+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) Experience with the following is an asset: Kubernetes, Okta, Software AG API Gateway, Kafka, AWS Customer obsession – customers are at the center of all we do Ensure service designs follow approved architecture Learn and incorporate emerging API technologies into our APIs Build event driven services using Kafka Use and enhance continuous deployment and continuous integration using Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Mentor and support colleagues in their capabilities Identify defects in services, debug and provide effective solutions to resolve the defects Our APIs are Some APIs are true microservices accessing domain databases, which are Mongo or Postgres We are beginning to build event driven processes in Kafka We are soon to migrate to the cloud (AWS) DevOps tools are Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Gradle, Continuous Delivery Director, Ansible Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to analyze situations/problems systematically and deliver effective right-sized solutions in a timely manner Experience with managing and coordinating team activities in a multi-site environment Strong organizational and planning skill Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
ScrapedJobID1487:
Provide a strategy and recommendation for the optimal data center management approach post 2025 (expiration of current contract) along with a comprehensive plan to achieve this outcome. Conduct required financial, legal and business impact analysis for various options to manage CPCG’s data center requirements post 2025. Be the Innovapost prime for DC vendor and advise on licensing and contracts disposition and associated roadmap for decommissioning off the current on-premise data center provider to the recommended approach. Manage IT investments (financial and technology) decisions for our existing DC IT Infrastructure in coming years in line with the proposed long-term DC and cloud strategy Engage with stakeholders across the organization to understand current state of the on-premise data center contracts, and underlying legal, financial obligations and timing sensitivities Develop a financial model for future cost savings of migrating off the current on-premise data center provider based on optimizations derived by renegotiating licenses and contracts for managed services, platform and 3rd party products including the current Azure cloud services Present findings to executive stakeholders in a clear and concise manner Domain knowledge: Deep understanding of IT Infrastructure ecosystem and leading-edge Datacenter technologies as well as knowledge and understanding of IaaS, PaaS, and managed services related to IT infrastructure services Business Analysis: understanding of business case development; able to effectively gather information across domains; able to synthesize information, conduct quantitative analysis, and provide recommendations Datacenter Financial Management: strong knowledge of datacenter operations and financial implications of products and services provided 3rd party operators Stakeholder Management: 10+ experience in collaborating with multiple stakeholders internally; work with all types of organization stakeholders including senior executives, management team, business partners and technical staff Legal Analysis: ability to understands contracts and absorb key legal terms and their implications on the business from a risk perspective and financial exposure License and Contract Negotiations: ability to negotiate terms and conditions that provide a risk-free and optimal path forward for our organization and 3rd parties w.r.t. outstanding contracts and licenses. 10+ years of experience in IT data center management Previous experience in providing strategic advice to (IT) executive on vendor management and strategy Enhanced Reliability Security Clearance 5+ years of experience in commercial contract negotiations and vendor management is highly desirable Experience in IT Service Management Experience in one or more Agile and/or Cloud transformations i.e. transitioning from traditional IT methodologies to a cloud environment Academic: undergraduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (required) Graduate degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent (Asset) Certifications with one or more of the leading CSPs (Asset) Minimum 10 years’ experience in progressively advancing roles within IT. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation 
ScrapedJobID1488:

ScrapedJobID1489:
We are looking for Azure Cloud Engineers to join our team We expect you to have great technical skills but as important, we are looking for someone who can develop a creative solution to a problem by applying critical thinking and past experience. Your role is only limited by your potential. You will use your leadership skills and knowledge of cloud computing to design solutions for a variety of customers. Work with team members to deliver products to market in an efficient manner. Thought leadership in public and private cloud architecture and how to deliver it at scale in a large enterprise. Assist to develop the Enterprise Architecture for the Cloud program. Support development programs to build cloud native applications. Be able to mentor and coach others in cloud and cloud native space. Help to build cloud strategies and target reference architectures. Assist in the delivery of cloud applications with a focus on cloud security. Cloud Computing Azure Data Factory Azure Data Lake Scala Demonstrated experience designing, delivering and supporting cloud-based systems in the Microsoft Azure environment. Great at facilitating and influencing technical delivery teams on cloud, containerization and microservice best practices and onboard onto cloud pipelines. Ability to migrate applications to containers and cloud native platforms. Hands on experience with Bash, PowerShell, groovy, Python or other high-level scripting languages. Experience with ARM templating, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Ansible or other configuration management tools. Experience with modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise application development and delivery is an asset. 3-5 year's experience developing in a modern language such as Java, Scala. Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. Strong written and oral communication skills. Able to multitask effectively. Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. Monday to Friday Azure Developer: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1490:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1491:
Competitive Salary RRSP Matching Employer Paid Flexible Health Coverage (from day one) Employee Purchase Program – discounts! Professional Development Opportunities Social and Wellness Events Employee Referral Program- we want great talent like you! Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based products and services Integrate with external customer and 3rd-party systems Perform extensive research and analysis to make optimal architecture and design decisions Analyze and improve security for cloud application, provide expert guidance to engineers on security Write large amounts of code, perform code reviews, write unit tests Write documentation Interface with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations Create quick proof-of-concept prototypes Participate in scrum team Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency BSc or MSc in Computer Science or equivalent experience 3+ years of production level experience in Java and Springboot (mandatory) 3+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Node.js, Python, or similar language Production level experience in AWS Good working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases (mySql and MongoDb etc.) Knowledge and experience in micro-services architecture, containerization, and orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes etc.) Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, design patterns, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, REST, gRPC, HTTP, TLS) Interest and ability to learn new technologies or other coding languages, as needed Good grasp of the Agile software development approach, CI/CD, Gradle, Maven, GIT, code review and code coverage tools Experience with designing a test strategy, writing test cases and automating testing Great interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1492:

ScrapedJobID1493:
Competitive Salary RRSP Matching Employer Paid Flexible Health Coverage (from day one) Employee Purchase Program – discounts! Professional Development Opportunities Social and Wellness Events Employee Referral Program- we want great talent like you! Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based products and services Integrate with external customer and 3rd-party systems Perform extensive research and analysis to make optimal architecture and design decisions Analyze and improve security for Cloud application, provide expert guidance to Engineers on security Write large amounts of code, perform code reviews, write unit tests Write documentation Interface with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations Create quick proof-of-concept prototypes Participate in scrum team. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience 5+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Node.js, Python, or similar language 2+ years of production level experience in one of: AWS, Azure or GCP Good knowledge & experience in one or more of these areas: messaging systems (Apache Kafka etc. ), stream and batch processing (Apache Spark etc.), distributed caching (Redis etc.), ETL pipeline, Big Data Query Good working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, REST, gRPC, HTTP, TLS) Good knowledge & experience in micro-services architecture, containerization, and orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes etc.) Hands-on experience developing applications for highly scalable and highly available distributed systems Strong computer science fundamentals in data structures, design patterns, algorithm design, and complexity analysis Interest and ability to learn new technologies or other coding languages as needed Good grasp of the Agile software development approach, CI/CD, Gradle, Maven, GIT, code review and code coverage tools. Experience with designing a test strategy, writing test cases and automating testing Experience with software security and systems that handle sensitive data. Great interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1494:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Play an active role in EBS upgrade project regression testing & migration cut over phase Actively perform root cause analysis and provide timely resolution for ongoing maintenance Works with business and systems analysts to understand end-user requirements and translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions Manage Service Now Incidents/Requests and prioritize based on business needs Works closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient Designs for release and configuration management Builds and extends software applications in varying (cloud, hybrid cloud, and on-premise) environments Ensures applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices 7+ years of Oracle EBS R12 Financials engineering experience Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent Strong working knowledge of Oracle EBS R12 Financial modules and particularly AP, GL and Cash Management. AGIS is an asset. Strong software development fundamentals including automated testing, source control, continuous integration in addition to continuous delivery and/or deployment. Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1495:
Lead the creation of automation and deployment pipelines for applications to all environments via Infrastructure as code Implement monitoring of new applications in production, while utilizing the latest technologies and following DevOps best practices for auto healing and alert fatigue Investigate and troubleshoot complex issues for Product Streams and help support applications in all environments Research and stay up to date with DevOps best practices for CI / CD and Site Reliability Help create policies and processes that define the responsibilities of the DevOps Operations Engineer within our DevOps culture Lead the implementation of performance engineering best practices within your Product Stream and assisting in performance improvements to improve site reliability Provide leadership to the Operations Community for all applications related to your area of expertise Lead the training of the Operations Community for new applications coming from your Product Stream Participate in the creation of Production best practices 5 + yrs, Professional work experience in IT Infrastructure provisioning and Support 2 + yrs, Experience working on Azure cloud 3+ yrs, Experience in working with DevOps practices such as CI/CD, automation, real time monitoring 3+ yrs, Experience supporting and / or developing Java / C# Applications Solid command over scripting languages such as Python, Bash or PowerShell Experience Provisioning infrastructure on Azure using infrastructure as code Experience in latest DevOps technologies such as Jenkins, APM, Terraform Provision Azure resources using powershell and ARM templates. Experience with Azure resources like vnet, sql, function app, apim, storage, queues, datafactory, databricks, etc 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1496:
Improve and evolve team and operational procedures to establish best in class capabilities for Security Event governance, cyber incident detection, response and remediation. You will work with technology and infrastructure leaders from across the LCL family of companies and key suppliers, partners, vendors, and managed service providers. You will bring a strong network of security companies, contacts and experience to help lead and build the capabilities to react swiftly and contain cyber threats effectively. Your deep knowledge of securing enterprise architecture, security threats, tactics, techniques and procedures used by threat actors, security and enterprise IT operations, processes and incident and change management, will help you to conduct event monitoring , participate in cyber incident response process to support this mandate. Supplier management and service management skills will be critical to ensure valued delivery and execution of managed security services to LCL. Collaborate with security teams (compliance, risk, architecture and operations) to provide updates and knowledge on all cloud security activities to colleagues across IT K nowledge of Splunk and other monitoring tools, demonstrating both Engineering, Governance, and operation experience . G ood working knowledge of and direct prior experience with enterprise security technologies: Security monitoring and management for cloud Azure Security Center, Azure Sentinel and GCP Cloud Security Command Center Cloud Application Security, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) Security Tools (IDS/IPS, SIEM, Splunk, Packet capturing, forensic encase, AV , DLP , EDR , NAC , email security) Security automation and orchestration tools ( Demisto , Phantom, Cyber Response, ServiceNow Security) Administ ration of Splunk SAAS console including access administration, SAAS capacity management Participate in new log source ingestion/integration, use case development discussions, and provide SME input Scripting knowledge (VBS/JS, Powershell , Bash, Python is an asset In formation security certification is an asset. Experience and/or knowledge of security and privacy enhancing technologies such as identity management, application security and network security technologies Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1497:
Successful candidate will be responsible for the effective analysis, design, development, and delivery of high availability & reliability applications which utilized different technology stacks (including Python, Java, Kafka, NoSQL, Kubernetes etc.). Work with team of engineers for development, deployment and monitoring of derivatives trading and derivatives valuation applications Work with diverse set of technologies to implement new systems, or enhancements of existing implementations, and ensure sound integration with surrounding components from end to end operational perspective. Understanding the existing purpose of the application and a how the end user is putting the service to use. Design sound solutions that meet the enhanced and new business needs. Ensure that delivery meets the integrity, quality, performance and reliability requirements by building automated testing and regression suites and use of DevOps principles. To coordinate infrastructure needs for requisitioning Cloud based infrastructure, databases and assist actively with documentational requirements covering architecture, security and operational readiness. Key skills – Linux, K8S, Docker, GitOps, Ansible, Python, Azure The successful candidate must have a minimum of 10 years’ experience in developing, deploying and maintaining large scale applications with complex integration and have cloud-based deployment experience. At least 2 years of this experience must be in fully automating analytics deployment process and working with CI/CD tools. The role requires leadership skills, hands-on technical experience, and a can-do approach towards environment automation / management and continuous improvement for efficiency and cost effectiveness. 1-2 years’ experience working with Kubernetes and Helm Charts in production environments Monitoring tools such as TICK stack, Prometheus, ELK stack Knowledge and experience in securing data both in transit and at rest (data encryption, PKI, TLS, HTTPS). Solid experience as a DevOps Engineer in a 24x7 uptime environment, including automation experience with configuration management tools. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills are essential Ability to analyze and resolve complex infrastructure and application deployment issues. Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always available service. Knowledge of Linux system administration. Proficient with source code versioning tools (Git) and build tools (Gradle). Strong organizational skills, excellent problem-solving, communication, and collaboration skills Experience with No-SQL databases, Microsoft Azure cloud platform Must be flexible to adapt to a dynamic environment, make quick and sound decisions under pressure. Must be reliable, proactive, results-oriented, customer-focused and attentive to details. Market risk or financial risk experience Knowledge of Capital markets and financial instruments Experience with derivative products (IR, Credit, and Equity) and foreign exchange 
ScrapedJobID1498:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Participate in data engineering and transformation design to ensure highly scalable, extensible, and performant solutions. Contribute to data ingestion, transformation and extraction solutions in Enterprise big data platform (EDL) and Global Data and Analytics Platform Contribute to data and project design and delivery for some of highly visible and critical projects across bank Contribute to translating architecture or design into both logical and physical data models that comply with existing (and evolving) standards and practices. Hands on development supporting Data integration, Analytics and Cloud environments. Work with the Bank’s data governance program Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions. Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with Scotiabank’s Values, its Code of Conduct while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions and conduct risk. Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Graduate degree in STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) related discipline is desirable, along with 7+ years of working in IT and 5+ years practical experience in Data Engineering/Integration and Analytics. 3+ years of experience in working with Hadoop Hive, Apache Sqoop, Apache Spark 3+ years of experience in SQL and ETL Development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with Talend 2+ years of hands-on experience with Python or Java programming. 2+ years of hand on experience with scheduling tools such as Autosys, Tidal, Airflow 2+ years of software development (SDLC) experience in Agile Scrum/Kanban methodology 2+ years of development production support experience is an asset Working experience with DevOps and running Jenkins pipelines Strong communication and presentation skills Excellent understanding of RDBMS concepts (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2) Hands on experience with Unix/Linux Command Line Interface (CLI) and Shell Scripting Experience with code repository, version control and code promotion tools such as Git/bitbucket and Jenkins We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1499:
Define test specifications covering low to complex system or integration functionalities Develop and document test plans, execute tests and generate reports Define and set up the test and validation environment including scripts development and potentially contacting vendors, asking for samples and quotation Be involved in functional testing as part of an agile team as well as performance and validation of larger systems Develop and run automated tests covering functionality and diagnostic requirements Debug test failures and analyze root causes A minimum of five (5) years of experience in a similar role Python scripting, Robot framework, REST API testing, Postman Testing of distributed systems, application bus Experience in testing of cloud-based application and mobile Familiar with databases (SQL a plus), with BD, IoT Experience with CI/CD (Jenkins a plus) Experience with Azure portal, VSTS, greylog. Knowledge of Restful web services Experience in building test benches Experience with Jenkins, Grafana, TestRail, Atlassian Jira, Stash, Bamboo or similar tools Experience in different hypervisors (KVM, Client, VirtualBox, etc.) Experience with Testlink, Atlassian Jira, Stash, Bamboo. 
ScrapedJobID1500:
Lead and mentor a team of BI analysts in complex projects to mine data using modern tools and programming languages You have an aptitude for engineering and manipulating various forms of data frameworks including but not limited to Data warehousing, Modeling, Analytics, Integrations from various data sources. You are not bound to a single tool or platform and can solve problems in creative ways. You are proficient in different computing languages such as SQL, Python, DAX and aspire to learn alternate ways of resolving issues. You will be working with data in different formats from datawarehouse, datalakes, API endpoints, SQL and Post Gres DBs, datamarts etc. You will be an expert in SQL coding, troubleshooting, stored procedures, views, functions etc and be able to transform, cleanse, manipulate data in Power BI and API endpoints. Be self-motivated to learn and drive your teams’ development while improving methodology and working practices across the company. Effectively write, present, and communicate research results with recommendations Master’s degree in Computer Science or Bachelor’s degree with equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such Business Admin or similar education with a formal training/certification in Business intelligence and data analytics/reporting Experience with SQL, R, Python, M language, Clustering, and in a variety of programming languages: Python, Perl, Java, C++. 5 years experience as a data integration analyst, BI developer, database developer or similar roles Minimum 5 Experience with T-SQL, Postgres, DAX, Python programming languages* Minimum 3 years experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI and/or Tableau and Microsoft tools such as SSRS and SSIS Minimum 5 years experience in writing stored procedures, views, functions ; exposure to data marts, data lakes and data warehouses Experience with Amazon AWS, RedShift and other cloud platforms; Reporting and dashboarding experience with Power BI, Dataiku etc. Knowledge of NetSuite, Redshift and other 3rd party software integrations Knowledge of Satori Reporting or any other turnkey integrative reporting Knowledge of Power platform operations, query, flow and BI and integrations An exciting high-growth environment An experienced, dynamic and motivated team Supportive, challenging and collaborative work Competitive salary and vacation Medical, dental and drug benefits Company stock purchase plan with matching contributions Dental care Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care 8 hour shift Do you have 5 years of experience as a data integration analyst? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1501:
Contribute a genuine passion and enthusiasm for the product, the customer, and the company mission. Interact with enterprise cloud customers to understand and solve their cloud enablement challenges. Collaborate with the Cloud Business Office team to craft solutions into suites of products and capabilities. Become a subject matter expert in our capabilities. Perform gap analysis and anticipate evolving requirements. Contribute to the prioritization of work efforts within the cloud enablement organization. Represent your customer needs by clearly communicating and supporting ongoing platform engineering efforts. Collaborate with software architects to ensure the necessary technical capabilities are in place to build high performing, secure, and extensible software capabilities. Drive first-class high-quality outcomes for our customers. Analyze, organize, and communicate data-driven insights to inform decisions and recommendations. Proactively communicate progress, decisions, impediments, and risks. Ensure all products are effectively documented and socialized to the delight of the consumer. Work closely and collaboratively with business leaders across the enterprise (e.g. finance, security, CIO). Self-Directed, Consensus-Builder, Accountable, Data-Driven, Curious, Collaborative Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or information science related field. Minimum of 5 years IT experience as a product manager, product owner, architect, or combination. Ability to synthesize complex customer problems into a well-defined solutions and capabilities. A track record of working with others to deliver effective capabilities and products to solve complex problems. Ability to research and self-study to keep technical skills relevant in a highly complex environment. Excellent communication skills (verbal, written, and presentation) which recognize audience and communication styles. Experience working in an enterprise-class cloud environment (public or private). Experience building and operating highly-available products in a public cloud environment – e.g. AWS, Azure, Google. Strong CI/CD/CO fundamentals and experience with tools within the continuous delivery landscape. Willing to speak up and challenge the norm bringing forward ideas on how we can improve offers and overall solutions to drive aggressive cloud adoption. Experience in developing solutions that align services offers for complex migration to the cloud including strategies for migration to the cloud. Experience with releasing, launching, and life-cycling products. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment. Experience creating and maintaining product roadmaps. Experience with governance at scale, policy as code, and configuration as code. Experience working directly with customers. 
ScrapedJobID1502:
Build a scalable and efficient data infrastructure and own the data sets within it. Collaborate with Software Development and IT Support to research, design, and implement Data solutions for the firm Responsible for acquisition, organization, validity, integrity and accessibility of all Data products Responsible for data architecture and data infrastructure strategy of the firm Research and implement new technologies to help increase scale Establish and document data management best practices Bachelors or Masters degree in a relevant technical field. Several years of experience working with data engineering and databases Strong programing experience and technical skills (Python, SQL and Excel). Experience developing, managing, and optimizing big data architectures and pipelines Experience working with query authoring, relational databases, and a familiarity with a variety of databases (SQL, No SQL and Distributed) Experience working with cloud-based data solutions (e.g., Redshift, EC2, Azure and Snowflake) System monitoring, alerting, and dashboarding experience Experience with tools such as Hadoop, Kafka, and Spark Machine learning and statistics skillset is an asset Knowledge of financial market data is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1503:
Be responsible for building and supporting the application infrastructure of one of the largest e-Commerce sites in Canada. Maintain high site uptime while embracing rapid change and growth using a strong devops continuous delivery and site automation. Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure provisioning, deployments, testing, monitoring services, and test cases based on modern CI/CD principles in Cloud or on-prem. Writes custom code or scripts to do "destructive testing" to ensure adequate resiliency in production Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively Contributes to enterprise-wide tools to drive destructive testing, automation, or engineering empowerment Fields questions from other product teams or support teams Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams Provides application support for software running in production Proactively monitors production Service Level Objectives for product(s) Proactively reviews the performance and capacity of all aspects of production: code, infrastructure, data, and message processing Programming languages (one or more of Java, Python, Perl) and an understanding of Infrastructure as Code DevOps tooling (Bash Scripting, PowerShell, Terraform, Bamboo, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Helm.) Experience with containerized environments - Docker, Kubernetes Cloud architecture and implementation experience of Google Cloud Platform Knowledge on Analytics services in combination with 3rd parties - Atscale, Cloud DataProc, Cloud Dataflow, Apache Beam/ Google Cloud Composer (Apache Airflow), Big Table, Cloud BigQuery, Cloud PubSub, Cloud storage Cloud Functions will be plus SQL skills and Data analysis experience Experience with modern cloud monitoring and reporting tools and best practices (StackDriver, Prometheus, Grafana) Working within Agile Development methodologies (Jira, ServiceNow, Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Strong teamwork, collaboration, and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1504:
Collaborate with stakeholders to create and maintain Network Infrastructure architecture and detailed designs (conceptual, logical, integration and physical). Conduct needs assessments, identify future capabilities, and develop future state Network Infrastructure architecture with roadmaps. Help to develop and business cases for identified needs, proposed roadmaps and future state Network infrastructure; define Network Infrastructure standards and; evaluate existing and proposed deviations from current standards and presents recommendations to stakeholders; Proactively identify opportunities to convert manual Infrastructure and operations to automation; proactively identify, quantify and qualify risks in Network Infrastructure and identify strategies to address the risks and controls; ensure automation is designed and built into the Network Infrastructure solutions. Provide hands-on implementation to validate designs and to assist with Network Infrastructure build and supports IT teams, operations and other stakeholders with expertise to develop, build, maintain and operate Network Infrastructure. Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity, innovations, and knowledge-sharing across multi-functional teams Lead and contribute to design sessions, and support the community of network subject matter experts, write wiki articles and participate in issue and team retrospectives Architect and design network and security improvements in public and private cloud Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve the network services Manage technical operations spanning multiple systems and technologies, triage and drive speedy resolution of operational issues Design and test network infrastructure connectivity failure and restoration architecture considering specific failures or network event scenario Maintain and troubleshoot a large hybrid network infrastructure  7-10+ years of experience on Hybrid Network (Cloud and on premise[routing/switching], UDR, Wi-Fi, network management) Proven track record in Data Center Infrastructure Security, Networking, Identity and Access Management in a global environment Azure and AWS cloud and private infrastructure, SD WAN (cisco or otherwise) Cisco based routing and switching, 5+ years of architecture/design 5+ years' experience of network architecture and design and implementing complex network infrastructures 5+ years' experience leading technology roadmap, facilitating innovation and adoption of next generation technologies in an architectural practice in Networking Excellent knowledge of network design patterns Extensive knowledge on security Infrastructure (NG Firewalls, IPS, Advanced Threat Protection, AV, AAA, Logging etc.) Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, with an ability to take end-to-end ownership and drive an outcome A thought-leader in the networking space who can clearly express ideas, concepts and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Experience with DevOps work would be considered an asset Possess knowledge in Infrastructure as a Code using Ansible, Terraform, etc. Skilled in scripting / automation practices Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work (Software-defined Access / SDWAN (Silver Peak) / DC (ACI,F5,Infoblox,Fortinet,FirePower,NSX-T)/SASE/SWG-Zscaler) and UC (Cloud PBX/Hosted SBC/UCaaS/CPaaS) Network Architect or Expert/Professional certification level Microsoft Azure or AWS Solutions Architect or Expert certification level (Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP) Technology Security Engineer certification level Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) certification Networking CCNP, CCIE (Routing Switching) Azure Administrator Associate DevOps Engineer Expert AWS Certified Advanced Networking - Specialty 
ScrapedJobID1505:
Create reusable interface components based on Vue.js (v3) and Typescript Develop clear, efficient and testable code in HTML, CSS and JavaScript Assist in the design and development of REST APIs for interface components Work with product management, designers and back-end developers to create refined experiences Contribute in all phases of the software development lifecycle Implement and test the accessibility of components to a common standard (WCAG level II) Leverage tools like Storybook to document and test all components Debug and fix software issues that arise during development and in production Participate in an agile workflow using tools like Jira, Github, Slack and Notion Participate in code reviews and ensure code deliverables confirms to quality standards Lead, mentor, and guide less experienced developers in best practices Identify and propose best practices, development and software libraries 7+ years of solid frontend web application development experience Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Confident in the utilization of Vue.js or a similar framework like React or Angular Comfortable working with version control systems like Git and must be comfortable working in a cloud native deployment environment Experience with design applications like Figma is an asset Experience with Webpack is an asset Understanding of secure coding practices (e.g. OWASP) 
ScrapedJobID1506:
Azure Data engineering, design, and architecture, as well as reporting and analytics. Implement security through Azure services such as Azure Storage Encryption, Azure Disk Encryption, and/or Azure SQL Database transparent data encryption. Experience in the implementation and maintenance of Azure Data lakes and SQL Service. Focus on Azure network security with in-depth knowledge of architecture and various security technologies. Review existing architecture and configuration plans and make appropriate recommendations to ensure future supportability. Conduct supportability reviews and provide a detailed assessment of MS Azure current or planned configuration. Make recommendations on best practices for business scenarios that can help significantly reduce the time needed for successful deployments or migrations. Deliver Azure technology-specific training that can be tailored and delivered in person or online to increase the skill sets on internal teams and depth of knowledge on key Microsoft technologies. Manage, configure, and optimize Power BI Premium capacities. Experience in the publication and maintenance of Power BI Applications that may or may not include RLS. Design and implement solutions for data monitoring, availability and reliability, performance, analytics, and security. Strong advocate for documenting and communicating data models and data flows to increase data proficiency for agency’s environments. Assure proactive monitoring, maintenance, and production support of a broad array of data transformation processes and database systems. Troubleshooting reporting database environment and reports. 5+ years of experience designing, building, and administering on-prem and cloud database systems. 5+ years hands-on advanced experience designing and developing BI Solutions and providing technical expertise. 3+ years working as an Azure System Administrator, working with Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing on Azure. 3+ years hands-on advanced experience using Power BI Premium. Experience using Cloud architecture Azure SQL Service. Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, problem-solving and research skills Must be able to multitask and have extensive experience interacting with a diverse user/customer base. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID1507:
Software Development: propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution. Leadership: be a hands-on technical leader on projects and work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Provide technical leadership through coaching and mentoring other engineers. Process & Operations: ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our team’s function and the quality of the products we build. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline; Master’s degree is preferred 8+ years of hands-on experience designing, developing, and deploying scalable web applications and services Possess leadership skills to guide the team towards successful project execution Experience building software products using Java, REST APIs and modern web application framework like Angular Experience developing and deploying production software utilizing public cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS Ability to participate in architectural discussions and take ownership of projects to deliver high quality software Experience collaborating with software architect on application deployment architecture and sizing for best product stability, performance, security, reliability, and supportability on cloud Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Dedication to Agile / Lean practices and scalable architecture, including experience building adaptable roadmaps and evolving requirements Ability to develop reusable, inner- or open-sourced components for multiple projects Ability to understand sophisticated workflows and graph structures Experience with behavior or test-driven development Experience partnering with security and compliance teams to ensure the software meets the relevant requirements Experience maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing and following best practices within the team Ability to work with globally distributed and multi-cultural teams Experience developing regulated products under design control Experience with virtualization, containers, and orchestration platforms (Dockers, Kubernetes) Curiosity in bioinformatics analysis and computational pipelines Familiarity with DevOps automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible etc. Passion for continuous improvement in software development processes & frameworks Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1508:

ScrapedJobID1509:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Design, build and deploy Data Pipelines on Azure and Google Cloud for Operational Data including Historian time series data, SQL server databases and unstructured data sources. Solve complex technical problems with legacy systems to overcome technical roadblocks preventing data migration to the cloud platform. Perform pipeline data validation and ensure that data delivery, data security and data quality are not compromised Provide and develop monitoring and performance metrics for data-pipelines to measure and ensure performance KPIs are met. Maintain application and system documentation Facilitate and support incident response and forensics for pipelines on Google Cloud Platform Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline, and experience in the data field Hands-on experience with Azure or Google Cloud Platform, relational databases and ETL methodology, strong scripting skills. Experience with Azure data products including DataFactory, DataBricks, IOT Hub and EventHub Relational and non-relational data stores design and deployment, including data retention and archiving strategy Data processing management and development, including real-time data ingestion and batch processing Data solutions monitoring and optimization for BLOB, Data Lake and relational stores Design data solutions for data security and compliance, including endpoints security, use of reliable authentication methods, data encryption, data masking, auditing and data classification. Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and analytics techniques Demonstrated problem solving ability Familiarity with programming technologies and languages such as Java, T-SQL, .NET C# and Visual Basic, Python, SSIS, CDAP APIs. Knowledge of general computer controls related to operations, information security and change management of systems software, application source code, network, and system database technologies Strong cross-functional team participant and collaborative approach to problem solving 
ScrapedJobID1510:
7+yrs working experience in distributed and, or cloud-based systems Expertise in Java - Java 8+ Fantastic knowledge of data structures and algorithms Great understanding of object-oriented programming Great understanding of multithreading and concurrency Excellent verbal and written communication skills A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field experience with one or more of: Angular, JavaScript, node.js, MongoDB, Apache Kafka, Spring Boot Familiarity with network and web security Experience with network programming, protocols, and analysis Experience with reactive programming paradigms Cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, etc.) 
