ScrapedJobID1:
Design & develop IAM services / solutions / enhancements Collaborate with application and product teams to ensure the goals of the product are aligned with the delivered feature or service. Deliver experiences that are user-focused and adhere to accessibility standards. Work with the software engineering team in driving innovative approaches to solving complex problems. Participate in User Acceptance Testing and bug-related engineering efforts. Maintain and promote code standards regarding quality, privacy, accessibility, security, documentation, etc. Pursuing degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. Strong analytical and coding skills. Experience in any Object-Oriented Programming (preferably Java). Excellent communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. Language skills: English fluent; German will be a plus. Nice to Have: Experience with Hackathons, expressed interest / previous experience in the automotive industry / IAM / cyber security, practical experience in web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc) Bold, innovative and enjoy challenging yourself Honest and professional , a strong team player Big picture thinker, go-getter, self-starter 
ScrapedJobID2:
Extended health care Store discount 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Weekend availability Maple Ridge, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Do you have ability to work Weekends and afternoon/evenings during the week IT: 1 year (preferred) Cyber Security: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID3:

ScrapedJobID4:
Provide information technology support and services to internal customers, such as developers and administrators. Design and implement security measures for complex network systems. Keep abreast of new security technologies and trends. Manage the network security staff. Conduct penetration tests on the information technology infrastructure. Perform risk assessments on the security of the computer infrastructure. Install, maintain, and troubleshoot hardware and software. Identify patterns of activity or specific incidents that indicate a potential security risk. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID5:
or equivalent experience Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Networking hardware Networking security Servers Security software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Other Benefits RESP Benefits 
ScrapedJobID6:
Support, design, develop, enhance, and implement computer application systems and programs. Evaluate the performance of existing computer systems, plan and direct upgrades and improvements, troubleshoot problems / test and resolve issues. Provide recommendations to enhance IT systems and services. Support, administer, configure, and install software and hardware products and systems. Implement new products or upgrades in a network operating system environment by determining the feasibility, the cost / benefit, assessing the impact to all clients. Liaise with clients (including senior management and executive), partners and external vendors to resolve issues and recommend next steps. Develop, evaluate and test new technologies. Responsible for providing 24/7 first tier management and support. Research, analyze and recommend current trends, standards, practices and/or products, such as ITIL methodologies, in an IT environment. Analyze requirements and/or provide advice and guidance on IT matters to various audiences such as business partners and management. Work in a client service environment and deal directly with employees of different levels Provide access to all IT network services. Responsible for authorized changes/releases to the IT infrastructure. Responsible for Configuration Management. Computer science Network Security Telecommunications Electronics Electrical Engineering Similar engineering disciplines Business Relationship Management Program Underfill – no experience requirement. Underfill – no experience requirement. Collaboration Tools Analyst: SharePoint, Exchange, BlackBerry Enterprise Server. Network Operations Centre Analyst: the monitoring, support and management of computing and telecommunication networks including their security. Certifications in Cisco Certified Network Admin (CCNA), Microsoft Certified Systems Admin (MCSE) and ITIL Foundation certification are considered assets. Access Management Analyst: Active Directory or eDirectory tools, processes and best practices for the administration of group membership, permissions and policies relating to network, file, print and application provisioning. Change / Release Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of IT Change Management / Coordination or & Release Management processes, best practices, experience in ITSM (IT Service Management) tools. Coordination toolset(s) or technologies. Configuration Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage); ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of relational databases and SQL language, best practices, experience in configuration and asset management and ITSM (IT Service Management) tools, experience in IT hardware and software procurement Network / Communications Specialist: CISCO, Certified Cisco Network Admin (CCNA, MCITP, CCNP), TCIP, IPSec, SNMP, OSPF, VoIP systems. Telephony Communications Specialist: CS1000/Meridian TDM Telephone system, Telephony Manager , Nortel / Avaya voice messaging systems, Call Pilot and legacy Meridian Mail voice messaging systems, Avaya Aura Communication Manager, Session Manager, System Manager and Messaging, ISDN, SIP and H.323, LINUX operating system, Routing, VLAN’s, Tandberg video conferencing systems, etc.). Server & Storage Specialist: Server virtualization (VMware vSphere, Microsoft Hyper-V), virtual desktop infrastructures (VMware View/Horizon), public & private cloud (Microsoft Azure, VMware vRealize), virtual storage (VMware vSAN), storage fabrics (iSCSI, Fiber Channel), SAN appliances (NetApp A, E & FAS), backup systems and disaster recovery technologies (IBM Spectrum Protect, formally Tivoli Storage Manager), High availability or business continuity (Zerto), server operating systems (Microsoft Windows Server, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS), scripting languages (Microsoft PowerShell, BASH), server hardware (HPE) including converged/hyper-converged/composable infrastructures. Business Relationship Management Analyst: ITIL, ServiceNow, Business Relationship Management, building and maintaining effective relationships or partnerships for the purposes of delivering projects or services. Service Management Analyst: ITIL, process definition and improvements, performance measurement and reporting, IT Service Management platform support and administration, Service Catalog management Service Desk Analyst: IT Service Desk, providing end user support in a multi-system environment, working in a client service environment and dealing directly with employees of different levels, using IT Service Management tools (i.e. ServiceNow) Quality Assurance Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality and/or load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies and/or methodologies. IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality OR load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies / methodologies. Enterprise Management Tools Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), IT enterprise tool administration and configuration, IT service management or tools / technologies and scripting languages (e.g., Shell scripting, VB scripting, etc.). IT Security Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), IT security principles and related methodologies, IT security technologies. Adaptability / Flexibility Interpersonal Skills Organizational Skills / Multitasking Problem Solving Analytical Skills Communication Collaboration Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID7:

ScrapedJobID8:
Red Team assessments; Penetration testing; Code review; Technical security assessments; Security assessments; Research & Development; Workshop delivery; Phishing and Social Engineering engagements; Project Infrastructure configuration; Client facing project meetings and debriefs; Presenting and participating on behalf of the company at conferences and information security competitions; Participation in the writing of company marketing materials, such as white papers and blog posts; New duties and responsibilities may be added throughout the employment with the company at the discretion of the Vice President of Services. Proficiency in at least one programming or scripting language (preference to Python, JavaScript, and Go) Fundamental knowledge of network and web-related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, REST) The diverse range of security experience at the enterprise level (information, application, network, research) Strong understanding of common web application attacks (OWASP TOP 10) Strong Linux fundamentals and ability to analyze data with security toolsets Familiarity with the fundamentals of a robust security program Fluency in common web technologies and engineering workflows Strong understanding of the diverse range of cloud services and their implementation Strong written and verbal communication skills Attention to detail in documentation and communications Strong analytical capabilities Comfortable in client-facing situations 
ScrapedJobID9:
Monitor and Triage daily SIEM events, analyse and respond to phishing Perform daily handovers with global SOC team Perform security investigation using leading cybersecurity tools Perform threat intelligence activities using commercial and open source tools Configure and optimize security controls and policies for endpoint and network security tools Monitor system logs, SIEM tools and network traffic for unusual or suspicious activity Other duties and responsibilities as directed Passion for cybersecurity Excellent Communication Skills – English Creativity and out of the box thinking Knowledge of Splunk is an asset Knowledge of SIEM/NGFW/EDR/Vulnerability Management Tooling is an asset Understanding of Incident Response lifecycle Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID10:
Based on alert trigger, conduct technical analysis to determine impact, scope, and response actions. Analyze, process, and triage security threats to identify risk and impact by carrying out in-depth analysis of potential threats. Work closely with the Cyber Threat Intelligence team to enhance results of the analysis and provide additional context. Act as point of contact to end users and vendors through e-mail and phone. The role involves working one weekend per month; Saturday (12 hours) and Sunday (12 hours). Weekend shifts will be compensated by three days off during the week. Please note: The nature of this position is a technical security function, not a compliance function. Commitment to inclusion & diversity. Engaging corporate culture. Training, development and career growth opportunities. Benefits to support work-life balance/integration. A strong portfolio of corporate social responsibility initiatives. State of the art working facilities. Vehicle purchase and experience programs Comprehensive health, dental, and pension programs. Recognition rewards and discount programs. Mercedes-Benz Fan skills, requirements & traits: University degree (or college) in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. Educational background in IT security or IT operations. Working experience in IT security or IT operations related field in a corporate, military, or law enforcement environment will be a plus. Strong analytical skills; GCIH certification or similar will be a plus. Hands-on experience with various operating systems, network monitoring, and protocols. Hands-on experience with SIEM analysis (Splunk) will be a plus. Honest and professional, strong team player. Able to work under pressure. Good communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. English fluent. 
ScrapedJobID11:
Experience analyzing events or incidents to triage the issue or find the root cause. Ability to translate inbound triage requests into actionable, team-specific work items and repeatable runbooks. Self-motivated with the ability to work independently. Degree or diploma in a technical field, ideally with a focus on information security, or 2+ years of equivalent experience in a security or customer support role. Flexibility in adapting previous experience to fit the needs and culture of our unique team. Broad exposure to security disciplines and understanding of models and principles behind core security concepts. Experience with, or understanding of, networking fundamentals and concepts. Certifications that would be an asset but not required. These could include:
Security +
GIAC or equivalent
AWS or other cloud focused certifications Security + GIAC or equivalent AWS or other cloud focused certifications Triage and track potential threats and alerts from multiple sources and spot trends. Conduct and document the entire incident life cycle, managing and coordinating security incidents, escalating, and providing other support. Write comprehensive reports including assessment-based findings, outcomes and propositions for further system security enhancement. Develop and implement new technical solutions, tools and processes to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and ensure the privacy and security of all Sequence Bio’s systems. Develop new creative approaches to accelerate threat detection, response, and remediation of security incidents in a cloud based organization. Work with our Technology Team to produce best-in-class security policies, procedures and technology. Update security policies and supporting documents. Implement process and technology to protect and monitor all corporate devices. Educate employees on process, procedures and security software and solutions to ensure adoption and knowledge. Other duties as required by your team lead(s) or the executive team. Willing to take initiative and create and take on new responsibilities as our company continues to grow. 
ScrapedJobID12:
Design & develop IAM services / solutions / enhancements Collaborate with application and product teams to ensure the goals of the product are aligned with the delivered feature or service. Deliver experiences that are user-focused and adhere to accessibility standards. Work with the software engineering team in driving innovative approaches to solving complex problems. Participate in User Acceptance Testing and bug-related engineering efforts. Maintain and promote code standards regarding quality, privacy, accessibility, security, documentation, etc. Pursuing degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. Strong analytical and coding skills. Experience in any Object-Oriented Programming (preferably Java). Excellent communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. Language skills: English fluent; German will be a plus. Nice to Have: Experience with Hackathons, expressed interest / previous experience in the automotive industry / IAM / cyber security, practical experience in web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc) Bold, innovative and enjoy challenging yourself Honest and professional , a strong team player Big picture thinker, go-getter, self-starter 
ScrapedJobID13:
Must be able to support DFARS & CMMC compliance work involving gap assessment, documentation and remediation actions. Must be able to lead the assessment and implementation of cybersecurity controls in different business and engineering networks. Must be able to assess and determine new controls and processes to harden systems and configurations against attacks. Must be able to configure, deploy and monitor Endpoint Detection & Response tool across all systems in NORAM. Develops process for other regions to utilize this capability to reduce risk and strengthen security posture globally. Must be able to provide technical security requirements and recommendations on new IT and business projects. Responsible for working with HR and Legal to lead security activities around access management, security investigations and actions requiring data gathering and analysis. Responsible for defining plans to mature all Security processes and controls. Responsible for providing security engineering solutions and support during incidents, proactively considering the prevention of similar incidents from occurring in the future. Responsible for leading Security Monitoring maturity project and leads engagement with vendor on process improvements. Security lead on ITSM implementation to define security controls and processes to protect Thales data in the cloud. Responsible for being a technical lead in North America and work with IS/IT teams on topics such as E-Mail security, tool configuration and deployment, system defense hardening, etc. Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in computer information systems, programming, engineering or a related field with a minimum 3 years of experience in information security delivering security programs and providing security services. 5 - 7 years of experience in CyberSecurity domains. Strong knowledge of core IT and Security infrastructures including Active Directory, Microsoft Windows security controls, SIEM, AV, IPS, vulnerability scanners etc. Must be able to work with minimal direction in an office without any team members in the same location Strong knowledge of all aspects of information security within the Prevent, Detect and Respond domains. Must be highly analytical and detail-oriented, with organizational skills to manage assigned work to completion. Strong communication, negotiation and analytical skills. 
ScrapedJobID14:
Implement and monitor information security measures for the safeguarding of computer facilities and corporate data Provide technical support for security tools and procedures Assist in the analysis of security risks and exposures Assist in the creation of policies and procedures Assist in the evaluation of new tools, technologies and procedures related to information security Implement, direct and enforce logical and physical security Monitor the existing information systems environment for possible security exposures; ensuring identified exposures are kept as confidential as possible; act upon problem, evaluating risk and identifying potential impact and determining an appropriate course of action Provide consultation to IT staff and guardians of information assets to assist them in applying appropriate security measures Participate in research and evaluations of logical and physical security products and procedures Participate in awareness programs to heighten security consciousness among users; makes information presentations regarding security issues as required Contribute to a positive work environment by collaborating and working effectively as a member of the team Think critically while also having fun working through complex problems Only students who reside in BC are eligible for this position due to BC privacy laws Is a 3rd or 4th year student enrolled in a computer science or computer science related program Previous co-op or relevant work experience in an office environment is preferred A cover letter, resume and transcript are required Submit all documents in one file (system accepts Word or PDF files) 
ScrapedJobID15:
IT Service: Tracking of IT requests via email, phone or DM IT Maintenance: Performing regular maintenance updates, Managing subscriptions & Software renewals, Creating and deleting users on various accounts IT Hardware: Tracking of hardware: desktops, laptops, tablets, printer/scanners, Bluetooth devices, monitors, phones, routers . Requesting new equipment's, repairs and maintenance. Review incoming service requests received from the monitoring station daily & customer base. Remove any duplicate requests. Prioritize the requests based on the urgency for which the request is described. Receive incoming calls from Security customers, assist them in a professional and efficient manner. Complete uploads and downloads to assist in troubleshooting client’s alarm systems. Resulting from incoming phone calls and service requests received from the monitoring station Complete uploads and downloads of systems to troubleshoot non-communicating systems and unrestored conditions for systems. Complete data entry in the multiple reporting and billing software's for account updates based off customer requests and updates from technicians. If a customer needs a system upgrade or a customer calls in to request a system. Based off their needs, engineer a system, price it out and communicate a quotation to the customer for review. Any of the above duties that result in the need of a service technician site visit. Contact the customer to advise the outcome of the troubleshooting, advise of the need of a service site visit. Communicate and obtain approval for the related charges. Update the billing and scheduling department accordingly. Education: High School Diploma. Work Experience: Job related experience preferred but not required. Language: English (fluent). Attention to detail and organization are essential as we are working with life safety devices. Must be bondable. Dental care Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID16:
Provide information technology support and services to internal customers, such as developers and administrators. Design and implement security measures for complex network systems. Keep abreast of new security technologies and trends. Manage the network security staff. Conduct penetration tests on the information technology infrastructure. Perform risk assessments on the security of the computer infrastructure. Install, maintain, and troubleshoot hardware and software. Identify patterns of activity or specific incidents that indicate a potential security risk. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID17:
A thriving company that continues to solidify its status as a responsible real estate investor and global leader? Colleagues who will challenge and push your talents to the top of their potential? An opportunity to help shape the cities of tomorrow? Produce monthly team reports; Track security-related key performance indicators (KPIs); Moderate training and awareness sessions; Update awareness and training materials; Support the team in all aspects of everyday operational security. Familiarity with the information security field, including risk management and awareness, and KPIs; Experience in an information security team; Teamwork and cooperation skills. Final-year student of an undergraduate program in IT, marketing/communication or another relevant discipline; General knowledge of information security; Ability to explain complex technical concepts in easy-to-understand terms; Excellent written and spoken communication skills; Fluency in written and spoken French and English. 
ScrapedJobID18:
Execute IT security operations processes and procedures, and support IT technical teams Interact with Legal, Risk and Compliance and the corporate Incidence Response Team (IRT) Support development and/or implementation of standards, policies, procedures, and solutions that mitigate risk and maximize security, service availability, efficiency and effectiveness Research and investigate regulatory compliance requirements, reporting and questions, support the team in resolving compliance, audit and regulatory issues Review business processes to identify opportunities for improvement Support technology processes, help launch governance practices to monitor, detect, prevent and react to current and emerging security threats Currently enrolled in a relevant post-secondary education program Interest and passion for a career in the financial industry and Information Security Demonstrated leadership skills Creativity and innovation Ability to work well in a team environment and independently Analytical and problem-solving skills Effective organizational and multi-tasking skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Related previous work experience is an asset Bilingual (English/French) candidates preferred 
ScrapedJobID19:
Yes 
ScrapedJobID20:
Collect, analyze, and investigate information from industry partners and law enforcement to determine various methods and tactics in cyberspace. Keep abreast of cyber market trends and competitive intelligence through research and the culling of resources from our partners. Use open source intelligence tools and proprietary technology to conduct research assessments Assist with writing presentations for diverse audiences, ranging from private industry to law enforcement. Perform statistical analysis of trends in cyber analytics. Currently pursuing Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Forensics, Criminology, Management Information Science, Forensics Analysis, Political Science, Intelligence Studies or related field of study from an accredited college or university Expected graduation date between December 2021 and September 2022 Minimum Major GPA of 3.0 Basic cybersecurity knowledge preferred (i.e. understanding of the dark web, cyber threat landscape, underground forums and markets) Programming/scripting skills helpful. Experience with commercial computer forensics software, including products from Guidance Software, Access Data, X-Ways, Magnet Forensics, and BlackBag helpful but not required. Language skills preferred (Russian, Arabic, Chinese, others considered) Excellent time management and organization skills Computer proficiency and ability to maximize applications such as Microsoft Word and Excel Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future 
ScrapedJobID21:
Must be able to support DFARS & CMMC compliance work involving gap assessment, documentation and remediation actions. Must be able to lead the assessment and implementation of cybersecurity controls in different business and engineering networks. Must be able to assess and determine new controls and processes to harden systems and configurations against attacks. Must be able to configure, deploy and monitor Endpoint Detection & Response tool across all systems in NORAM. Develops process for other regions to utilize this capability to reduce risk and strengthen security posture globally. Must be able to provide technical security requirements and recommendations on new IT and business projects. Responsible for working with HR and Legal to lead security activities around access management, security investigations and actions requiring data gathering and analysis. Responsible for defining plans to mature all Security processes and controls. Responsible for providing security engineering solutions and support during incidents, proactively considering the prevention of similar incidents from occurring in the future. Responsible for leading Security Monitoring maturity project and leads engagement with vendor on process improvements. Security lead on ITSM implementation to define security controls and processes to protect Thales data in the cloud. Responsible for being a technical lead in North America and work with IS/IT teams on topics such as E-Mail security, tool configuration and deployment, system defense hardening, etc. Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in computer information systems, programming, engineering or a related field with a minimum 3 years of experience in information security delivering security programs and providing security services. 5 - 7 years of experience in CyberSecurity domains. Strong knowledge of core IT and Security infrastructures including Active Directory, Microsoft Windows security controls, SIEM, AV, IPS, vulnerability scanners etc. Must be able to work with minimal direction in an office without any team members in the same location Strong knowledge of all aspects of information security within the Prevent, Detect and Respond domains. Must be highly analytical and detail-oriented, with organizational skills to manage assigned work to completion. Strong communication, negotiation and analytical skills. 
ScrapedJobID22:
Availability for shift work including day, afternoon and overnight shifts on a monthly rotation schedule Monitor and analyze network traffic and IDS alerts Investigate intrusion attempts and perform in-depth analysis of exploits Provide network intrusion detection expertise to support timely and effective decision making of when to declare an incident Conduct proactive threat research Review security events that are populated in a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system Analyze a variety of network and host-based security appliance logs (Firewalls, NIDS, HIDS, Sys Logs, etc.) to determine the correct remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident Independently follow procedures to contain, analyze, and eradicate malicious activity Perform Tier I/II initial incident triage Document all activities during an incident and providing leadership with status updates during the life cycle of the incident Create a final incident report detailing the events of the incident Provide information regarding intrusion events, security incidents, and other threat indications Assist with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incidents, and overall CIOC functions Knowledge of information security event monitoring and detection and NID monitoring and incident response Familiarity with network security methodologies, tactics, techniques and procedures Experience with IPS/IDS, SIEMs and other CND security tools Ability to read and write Snort IDS signatures Experience reviewing and analyzing network packet captures Experience performing security/vulnerability reviews of network environments Possess a comprehensive understanding of the TCP/IP protocol, security architecture, network and remote access security techniques/products Experience with enterprise anti-virus solutions, virus outbreak management, and the ability to differentiate virus activity from directed attack patterns Working knowledge of network architecture Strong research background, utilizing an analytical approach Candidate must be able to react quickly, decisively, and deliberately in high stress situations Strong verbal/written communication and interpersonal skills are required to document and communicate findings, escalate critical incidents, and interact with customers Working knowledge of Windows and Linux OS to include experience working in the command line interface Highly motivated individual with the ability to self-start, prioritize, multi-task and work in a team setting 
ScrapedJobID23:
Design & develop IAM services / solutions / enhancements Collaborate with application and product teams to ensure the goals of the product are aligned with the delivered feature or service. Deliver experiences that are user-focused and adhere to accessibility standards. Work with the software engineering team in driving innovative approaches to solving complex problems. Participate in User Acceptance Testing and bug-related engineering efforts. Maintain and promote code standards regarding quality, privacy, accessibility, security, documentation, etc. Pursuing degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. Strong analytical and coding skills. Experience in any Object-Oriented Programming (preferably Java). Excellent communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. Language skills: English fluent; German will be a plus. Nice to Have: Experience with Hackathons, expressed interest / previous experience in the automotive industry / IAM / cyber security, practical experience in web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc) Bold, innovative and enjoy challenging yourself Honest and professional , a strong team player Big picture thinker, go-getter, self-starter 
ScrapedJobID24:
Work with both clients and vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Investigate assigned tickets; responsible for the task until it has been completed/resolved Monitor and resolve incidents and support requests; ensure response/resolution within service level agreement (SLA) targets Update ticket information and associated documentation Maintain monitoring software to ensure proper functionality of all managed devices Maintain reporting software to provide valuable information to clients Notify clients of any potential problems in their environment Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Attend internal MNP courses to further develop knowledge around performance improvement Successful candidates will be expected to share “on-call” duties outside of regular business hours with the team. Posses a Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science or related discipline Experience with Microsoft operating systems, applications and tools Strong troubleshooting skills Experience with the following technologies would be beneficial: Check Point, Palo Alto, RSA, Ironport, Cisco, Brocade, IronPort, RSA, Gemalto, Aruba, Forcepoint, Proofpoint Willingness to work occasional evenings or weekends 
ScrapedJobID25:
Provide primary system administration and maintain assigned technologies. Deploys maintain, updates, and trouble shoots assigned technologies. Verifies the backups of assigned technologies. Monitors system health and Troubleshoots assigned technologies. Creates change tickets and speaks as needed up to the change control board tickets related to assigned technologies. Creates and maintains detailed documentation based on existing processes and procedures for assigned technologies Generates weekly and monthly metrics for client reports in relation to assigned technologies. Updates client portfolio information as needed for assigned technologies. Transfer knowledge and or provide cross-training to other Herjavec Group Employees or client personnel as assigned by manager as needed. Responses to audit requests or findings related to assigned technologies. Ensures that critical events and alerts are escalated within customer SLA agreement and documented for the assigned technologies. Performs security log analysis during Information Security related events, identifying and reporting possible security breaches, incidents, and violations of security policies. Work to cross-train on up to four additional Information Security technologies that will be assigned by the direct Manager. As needed, you will be responsible for the complete administration of those. UNIX, AIX & Solaris Linux Windows Server Operating Systems Internet Connectivity and Protocols (TCP/IP) Wireless Networking Network architecture best practices Security Operations Centre/Information Protection Centre/Computer Incident Response Centre Enterprise Security Information Management systems VPN Communication Protocols Switches/Routers (basic configuration) Network/System Intrusion Detection or Prevention Systems Understanding of basic security concepts: Principle of Least Access, Compartmentalization, etc. Firewall (configuration knowledge) Asset Management Security threat and attack countermeasures Critical thinking and analytical skills Ability to get a Nevada or Michigan Gaming License if needed Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Team player with the ability to work autonomously Ability to prioritize, and reprioritize work as required Ability to be on Call on a rotational basis. Ability to become Intel certified for NSM, EPO, ESM, and ACE within 3 months. 
ScrapedJobID26:
Conduct incident investigations on SIEM tools. Perform threat hunting on customer networks to detect and isolate threats and provide recommendations to customers. Work on customer on-boarding projects to ensure a successful transition to SOC for security monitoring services. Provide proactive security investigation and searches on client environments to detect malicious activities. Maintain up-to-date understanding of security threats, countermeasures, security tools and Cloud Security and SaaS technologies. Maintain technical proficiency through tool development, playbook, workflow and learning security frameworks. Help develop processes and procedures. Learn from and work with peers to grow and expand your cybersecurity knowledge and expertise. 1+ years of experience in security operations Strong understanding of computer networking and software development Knowledge of security incident management, malware management and vulnerability management processes Introductory understanding of securing cloud services, container and multi-tier web applications, data lake and relational databases, WAF and virtual firewalls, VPN, and host endpoint protection products. Familiarity with NIST and CIS security standards Security monitoring experience with one or more SIEM technologies, incident detection and response and intrusion prevention technologies Familiarity with GDRP, PIPEDA and other regulations Ability to be available after hours and participation in on-call rotations Interest in Information Security professional designations such as CISSP, CISM, CISA Interest in compliance and audit experience (PCI, SOC2, ISO, etc.) Knowledge or have worked with leading vendor certifications 
ScrapedJobID27:

ScrapedJobID28:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Responsible for the overall day-to-day operations of the Security Operations Center including ensuring staff schedule is in place for 24/7 operation Monitor and manage customer SLA compliance for the SOC Measure SOC performance metrics Lead monthly/quarterly review of SOC metrics with clients Work independently and/or collaboratively with management team to set and/or implement policies, procedures and systems and to follow through with implementation Revise and develop processes to strengthen the current Security Operations Framework and review policies Act as liaison between the customers and technical team in a manner to create a positive working relationship resulting in customer satisfaction Facilitate workshops with industry stakeholders discussing trends, current security operations performance and security objectives Support with the documentation of incident response workflow Manage the escalation process and reviews incident reports Train and coach technical team members/analysts Contribute to improve ongoing activities to support process implementation Support Security Analysts with the monitoring of security alerts for various IT and OT assets within a 9am to 5pm or 24/7 operational environments Assist with l triaging of triggered alerts to identify potential security incidents and threats Support business development activities and perform pre-sales support activities as needed Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Minimum of five (5) years’ experience working in a similar role Minimum of height (8) years of hands-on information security experience in an enterprise environment Extensive knowledge of information security fundamentals and Security concepts such as cyber-attacks and techniques, threat vectors, risk management and incident response processes and management All additional cybersecurity certifications will be considered a strong asset Experience with automating processes using shell scripting and programming languages such as Python is an asset Strong stakeholder management skills to have urgent topics addressed in a timely manner Previous experience of network administration in an enterprise environment such as static routing, IPSEC and SSL VPNs, L3 switches, network firewalls, application proxies, implementation of various security controls following defense-in-depth concept will be considered a strong asset 
ScrapedJobID29:
IT Service: Tracking of IT requests via email, phone or DM IT Maintenance: Performing regular maintenance updates, Managing subscriptions & Software renewals, Creating and deleting users on various accounts IT Hardware: Tracking of hardware: desktops, laptops, tablets, printer/scanners, Bluetooth devices, monitors, phones, routers . Requesting new equipment's, repairs and maintenance. Review incoming service requests received from the monitoring station daily & customer base. Remove any duplicate requests. Prioritize the requests based on the urgency for which the request is described. Receive incoming calls from Security customers, assist them in a professional and efficient manner. Complete uploads and downloads to assist in troubleshooting client’s alarm systems. Resulting from incoming phone calls and service requests received from the monitoring station Complete uploads and downloads of systems to troubleshoot non-communicating systems and unrestored conditions for systems. Complete data entry in the multiple reporting and billing software's for account updates based off customer requests and updates from technicians. If a customer needs a system upgrade or a customer calls in to request a system. Based off their needs, engineer a system, price it out and communicate a quotation to the customer for review. Any of the above duties that result in the need of a service technician site visit. Contact the customer to advise the outcome of the troubleshooting, advise of the need of a service site visit. Communicate and obtain approval for the related charges. Update the billing and scheduling department accordingly. Education: High School Diploma. Work Experience: Job related experience preferred but not required. Language: English (fluent). Attention to detail and organization are essential as we are working with life safety devices. Must be bondable. Dental care Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID30:
Based on alert trigger, conduct technical analysis to determine impact, scope, and response actions. Manage low and medium severity incidents according to the defined severity levels. Drive lessons learned activities after incident closure to identify potential gaps in security controls. Determine regional incident response requirements and align with relevant stakeholders. Work closely with the Cyber Threat Intelligence team to enhance results of the analysis and provide additional context. Identify, make, and maintain working relationships across the business lines and support teams. Enable, guide and support Cyber Defense Analysts. Please note: The nature of this position is a technical security function, not a compliance function. University degree (or college) in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. 3+ years working experience in cyber security or IT operations related field in a corporate, military, or law enforcement environment. Very good knowledge of cyber and IT security standards, risks, threats, prevention measures, and best practices. At least one of the following certifications will be a plus: CISSP, SANS GIAC Cyber Threat Intelligence (GCTI), SANS GIAC Certified Penetration Tester (GPEN), SANS GIAC Certified Web Application Penetration Tester (GWAPT), Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH). Hands-on experience with SIEM analysis (Splunk). Honest and professional, strong team influencer, able to proactively support team culture that fosters knowledge sharing, excellence and collaboration. Able to work under pressure, facilitate discussion, decision-making, and conflict resolution. Very good communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. English fluent; German will be a plus. 
ScrapedJobID31:
Conduct computer and cellphone forensic investigations and reports on findings for disclosure. Provide investigative support to recovers evidence from the Internet. Maintains integrity of data and property stored within the Cyber Crime Unit including software and network infrastructure. Provides training for members, Crowns and other groups as required. Liaises with the Crown Attorney with respect to cases involving electronic evidence and prepares electronic data for investigation and presentation in court proceedings. Liaises with other law enforcement agencies to exchange information related to technological crimes. Maintain on-going training in the field of digital forensics. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID32:
Your mission will be to ensure the security and integrity of our company’s R&D data, information and systems. You work closely with the various teams in the Digitalization of R&D segment to ensure that systems and networks are always designed, developed, deployed, and managed with an emphasis on strong, effective security and risk management. You will be responsible for identifying and tracking system and platform vulnerabilities. Threat and incident dashboards are part of your daily work to identify malicious patterns and advise management of security risks Align with R&D managers in your region to define domain specific rules for data transfer, thus setting alarm thresholds and identification of abnormal behavior. Communicate and explain alerts to R&D managers in your region Continuously improve and update threat and incident reports and run statistical analyses on it. Report frequently on internal trends for data handling, the associated risks and propose mitigation measures Work on complex IT security incidents with a focus on remediating and closing the incident Support BASF’s global Cyber Security Defense Center and BASF’s incident response team in the documentation and handling of cyber security incidents You have a degree in computer science, informatics, mathematics, physics, engineering or several years of experience in web development, web design and software architecture. You have at least 2 years of relevant working experience in IT security, multiple channels / software components, integration to external systems and software components. You have experience in the fields of incident response, digital forensic and various malware analysis tools. Overall experience with software architecture including application front-end, backend, middleware, database (relational, non-relational, graph databases), and programming skills. Expertise in modern web architectures (web applications, web services, development languages, container concepts, cloud solutions, security concepts) is a plus. Experience in R&D in the chemical industry is a plus. You have oral communication skills and interpersonal skills to effectively influence decisions, promote ideas, adopt new technologies, and build relationships of mutual trust with R&D managers in your region. You are proficient in English (oral and written) and have good presentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID33:
Provide first level support for security incidents and requests by monitoring alerts, owning and managing security incidents through to resolution, and resolving security requests Monitor network and system alerts, and own and manage network and system tickets through to warm handoff to an Operations/DevOps team member Adhere at all times to separation of duties between your role as a member of the security team that monitors the activities of privileged users, and privileged network and Operations/DevOps team members that use their privileges to resolve incidents and fulfill requests in the production environment Provide quality customer service, including interacting with Global Relay employees, answering internal Global Relay inquiries, and escalating as necessary Register and classify received incidents and service requests Undertake an immediate effort to address security issues in a timely fashion Undertake an immediate effort to escalate network and system issues in a timely fashion Analyze security events, incidents, and problems to provide recommendations on action Update staff and clients on the status of incidents and service requests at agreed intervals Escalate incidents and service requests to appropriate resources Execute time-sensitive operational tasks as defined in a task list Create scheduled and ad-hoc reports using identified tools such as MS Office and specialized applications Train new hires Perform other security related system administration duties as needed Knowledge of internet and network technologies; specifically TCP/IP, UDP, SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SFTP and FTPS; other Internet and network technologies are an asset Strong understanding of and exposure to security tools such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, anti-virus, anti-spam, and server and network device hardening Ability to write and modify scripts and/or program in various languages, such as Python and PowerShell Working knowledge of security incident and event management systems such as Splunk Proven competence with using MS Office and other desktop applications Previous experience in maintaining and troubleshooting day-to-day operational processes, such as report generation, data verification and data correlation Excellent verbal and written communication skills Superior attention to detail and follow-up Ability to follow processes, multi-task, and excel in a fast-paced environment A passion for customer satisfaction and responsiveness Methodical and creative approach to problem-solving Recognized security industry certifications, such as CompTIA Security+ 
ScrapedJobID34:
Has good understanding of OWASP top 10 vulnerabilities and can give clear examples of how they are typically exploited Can give a meaningful list of top risks for internet-facing REST-full APIs Has some experience with web / infrastructure security scanning Has previously tried to break into “friendly” internet-facing applications and succeeded Has some experience with cloud hosting providers (preferably AWS) Have previously done security events monitoring and analytics Experienced team Start-Up Environment Rich Culture Perks Compensation & Vacation 
ScrapedJobID35:

ScrapedJobID36:

ScrapedJobID37:
Performs focused risks assessments of existing or new services and technologies Communicates risk assessment findings to information security “customers,” or business partners Provides consultative advice to information security customers that enables them to make informed risk management decisions Identifies and implements appropriate controls to effectively manage information risks as needed Identifies opportunities to improve risk posture, developing solutions for remediating or mitigating risks and assessing the residual risk Maintains strong working relationships with individuals and groups involved in managing information risks across the organization Developing security controls commensurate with the data classification Evaluating Information Security Service Provider Risk Assessment Questionnaire Providing guidance on information systems, programs and operational risk Evaluating new threats and vulnerabilities and recommending risk treatment options Providing information security education and awareness Responding to information security incidents Develop information security policies, standards, guidelines and procedures Perform information security tasks as required University degree in Information Security, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field. A minimum of 5+ years of strong experience in threat analysis, threat modelling with 2+ years of information security technical experience. Must have CISSP certification or ability to obtain within 1 year of hire Additional information security certifications such as CRISC, CISA and/or CISM would be an asset Ability to conduct Security assessments using industry risk assessment methodologies (IRAM, FRAP, Octave and/or HTRA) Proficiency with Information Security frameworks such as COBIT, NIST and ISO/IEC 27001/27002 Experience with GRC tools (Compliance Web, Archer GRC, ServiceNow GRC, etc.) Demonstrated project management experience & ability to communicate effectively with several layers of management & technical teams. Strong verbal & written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID38:
Robust creativity and problem-solving skills Ability to think analytically Knowledge of technical systems and terminology Proficiency in scripting languages Ability to identify and exploit vulnerabilities English written and verbal communication skills Conduct formal testing on computer systems Assess the security of computer software and hardware Conduct security audits and legal cyberattack simulations by designing and utilizing hacking tools to access designated pieces of data during a predetermined time frame Generate tools for breaking into security systems Detect and correct system weaknesses Provide recommendations based on an assessment of hardware and software systems Implement solutions to enhance data security Provide IT support 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID39:
Assists experienced team members with Information Security activities, as assigned including security monitoring procedures. Document and perform processes related to security monitoring. Isolate issues using the suite of Security tools. Work with other staff to identify appropriate course of remediation and suggest methods of tuning systems accordingly. Perform and review results from scheduled assessments identifying related risks. Work with other IT teams to identify resolution plans and follow progress to conclusion. Assist with data collection and reporting activities in support of PCI sustainment framework. Conduct initial investigations of escalated security and network events. Assist in maintaining a library of documented response procedures. Participate in knowledge sharing with other analysts and develop efficient solutions. Write technical articles for internal knowledge base Collaborate with a team of co-op students on a real business case study Enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree program at an accredited institution. Exposure to or familiarity with computer networking and telecommunications, application design and development, information security (e.g., applications, intrusion detection, firewalls, etc.), operating systems. Familiarity with security principles, techniques and technologies. Ability to communicate effectively in a business-friendly language across a spectrum of IT, Business and partners. Ability to write clear instructions, procedures, presentations, and training materials. Willingness to learn, adapt and improve systems. Adaptable, innovative and passionate about cyber security. 
ScrapedJobID40:
Manage the website. You should know how to make small HTML, JavaScript, and CSS changes to the website bravomath.com. Manage email services, including backend-ish things like MX records and cPanel, creating new accounts, getting it to talk to my gmail inbox, etc. Prevent and respond to these kinds of errors and messages. Establish a simpler and more reliable blogging method. Establish basic protocols for IT security and backups. Help write part of the Bravo Math Operations Manual for IT. [This will allow you to systematize your work and qualify for more responsibilities and pay down the road.] Work without supervision while tracking your hours and results. Flexible schedule Vancouver, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID41:
Extensive primary and secondary research using a variety of open-source and public records web-based tools. Identification of pertinent information and development of useful insights into the subject. Write clear, concise and thorough reports for clients. Learn to own cases from start to finish with review of cases by senior researchers. Assist with research, writing, and editing of large and complex cases. Utilize best practices in research methodology to effectively complete reports for various different clients and of various different scopes. Commitment to integrity and thoroughness of research. Previous experience conducting due diligence, risk, or compliance research. Familiarity with public-records research and an understanding of due diligence research methodology. Excellent writing and editing skills. Rigorous attention to detail. Superior comprehension and analytical abilities. Excellent logical deductive skills. Ability to work in fast-paced and self-driven environment. Ability to manage and prioritize several projects and assignments simultaneously. Organizational and time management competency required. Ability to mentor others. Understanding of current events, international affairs, financial regulations, economics and/or finance. Professional fluency/proficiency in a foreign language a plus, including Farsi. Bachelor’s degree required, Master’s degree preferred 2-4 years of due diligence research, review, and management experience Demonstrated ability to thrive in dynamic, high-pressure, and deadline-driven environments. Solution-oriented professional focused on achieving optimal outcomes for clients, the business, and the team. Professional fluency/proficiency in English or in a foreign language Monday to Friday Arabic, Chinese, Hebrew, Indonesian, Malay, or Swedish (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID42:
Works independently, prioritizes and multitasks in a dynamic environment, adapts quickly to change and manages multiple projects simultaneously; Ensures IT security policies, procedures and standards to be implemented and followed for enterprise solutions; Ensure technology, processes, and governance are in place to monitor, detect, prevent, and react to both current and emerging technology and security threats; Develop new security strategies/processes/best-practices while optimizing existing security controls and solutions; Works with third party vendors to develop solutions that meet the technical, functional and business requirements outlined by the Infrastructure and Security team; Works with Technical Designers to ensure all applications are architected to meet NLC security standards; Leads the Security Awareness & Education program for all NLC employees; Evolves technology risk framework and metrics to monitor security awareness and control effectiveness; Monitor, identify, evaluate and communicate cyber security risks to IT Leadership Team; Continuously expand your knowledge in order to stay current with security trends, risks and best practices; Support and counsel IT Technical Designers, DevOps, and Web teams on topics related to information security; Provide recommendations to improve overall security posture and compliance; Document all security incidents and assess their actual or potential damage; Produces and maintains architectural documentation and diagrams; Perform security testing of applications, networks and infrastructures, including vulnerability assessments, penetration testing and manual testing techniques; Actions change management documentation; Performs server and security audits; Participate in on-call support. Two (2) to Three (3) year post-secondary diploma in computer studies; Minimum ten (10) years Information technology field; High degree of security, PCI and compliance expertise; Experience with system integration, system planning, security and software management best practices; Strong organization and project management skills; Strong documentation and communication skills; Project Management skills is a definite asset; The ability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with rapidly evolving priorities; Proven analytical, creative problem solving and collaborative decision making abilities; Strong leadership, interpersonal, customer service and teambuilding skills; Proficient knowledge and experience working with breach & attach simulation and incident response procedures; Strong strategic and operational knowledge of key security products, tools and technologies; A passion for Cyber Security and Technology. 
ScrapedJobID43:
Established first clinic in Vancouver (The Drive) Listed on the TSX-Venture under ticker symbol NUMI with a $6M financing Completed additional raises totaling $22M Established sector’s first and only industry partnership with psychedelics pioneer MAPS for a Phase 3 MDMA-assisted therapy for PTSD trial Began Canada’s first psilocybin-assisted psychotherapy for substance use disorders Phase 2 trial Established Health Canada-licensed psychedelics research lab (Numinus Bioscience) Completed Canada’s first legal harvest and extraction of Psilocybe mushrooms Expanded clinics to Ontario and Quebec (the Neurology Centre of Toronto and Mindspace Wellbeing in Montreal) Expanded ketamine-assisted psychotherapy program in Vancouver and Montreal clinics Began Phase 1 trial on safety and efficacy of a proprietary psilocybin extraction Filed patent for a rapid production process for psilocybin- containing therapeutics Completed raise of $40M Hired key business leaders to head M&A, marketing, and innovation/design The Information Security Analyst (ISA) will design and implement IT security systems to

protect the organization's computer systems and networks from attack and misuse. The ISA work with leadership to develop organization wide implementation procedure for IT Standard

Operating Procedures governing data security and privacy, identity and access management,

acceptable-use and incident response policies. The ISA will monitor systems and computer
networks for security issues, install security software and document all security issues or

breaches found or reported. A bachelor's degree in computer science Design, analyze and implement efficient IT security systems Implement system monitoring and logging systems Define, design and implement identity and access management systems Monitor, log and report on organizational security and privacy posture Upgrade systems to enable security software Install and upgrade antivirus software Test and evaluate partner platforms and services for security and privacy compliance Perform penetration testing Gather feedback from end users to continue to improve systems 
ScrapedJobID44:
Oversee and execute platform operations. You will be responsible for the operation, tuning, continuous improvement and - where applicable - automation of our DFIR (Detection, Forensics and Incident Response) tools and platforms. Positively impact operational excellence. You will maintain KPI and performance measures across the Business Technology Solutions functional areas and provide regular updates and reporting. Lead the development and implementation of a system-wide information security program. You will ensure the organization is physically and logically well postured to weather cyber attacks and security issues. You will:
Create and implement processes that rapidly identify, address, and resolve information security risks.
Develop and implement effective and reasonable policies and procedures to secure data in accordance with business, legal, and regulatory requirements.
Work with the Security Operations Team to provide oversight and guidance on the tools and technologies needed to support active incidents, eliminate false positives, and ensure appropriate data enrichment.
Initiate ongoing learning programs leveraging tools such as Knowbe4.
Implement a SIEM to ensure the appropriate operational logging and monitoring is met, reported on, and actioned. Create and implement processes that rapidly identify, address, and resolve information security risks. Develop and implement effective and reasonable policies and procedures to secure data in accordance with business, legal, and regulatory requirements. Work with the Security Operations Team to provide oversight and guidance on the tools and technologies needed to support active incidents, eliminate false positives, and ensure appropriate data enrichment. Initiate ongoing learning programs leveraging tools such as Knowbe4. Implement a SIEM to ensure the appropriate operational logging and monitoring is met, reported on, and actioned. Design an audit strategy. You will develop and execute a plan for dealing with an increasing number of customer and 3rd party audits, compliance checks and assessment procedures. You will define audit scope and timelines with internal and external parties and facilitate the audit process to ensure successful outcomes. Lead the system-wide information security compliance program. You will ensure IT activities, processes, and procedures meet defined requirements, policies, and regulations. Be strategic. You will recommend programmatic and technical directions and operate with a high degree of independence in matters relating to the investigation, impact, and analysis of security incidents, decisions regarding risk, and measures for computer and network security. Manage relationships. You will develop and maintain third-party relationships associated with security services such as Microsoft Security and KnowBe4, including performance management and SLAs for each partner. You will build and maintain long-term relationships with internal and external audit entities. The expertise. You have practical knowledge of security risk management frameworks and compliance practices. You have experience in conducting risk assessments of varying scope across a diverse organization. You understand the fundamentals of security operations in the cloud and on-premise systems. You are:
Continuously updating your knowledge of common security standards and regulations (NIST, ISO27K, SOC, PCI, etc.)
Capable of developing pragmatic approaches to solve for the requirements of those standards and regulations.
Adept at identifying and delivering efficiency across those standards to maximize return on investment. Continuously updating your knowledge of common security standards and regulations (NIST, ISO27K, SOC, PCI, etc.) Capable of developing pragmatic approaches to solve for the requirements of those standards and regulations. Adept at identifying and delivering efficiency across those standards to maximize return on investment. The interpersonal skills. You can build and nurture internal and external relationships across any level of an organization. You can gain trust and influence decisions to operate an organization-wide security program effectively. You have excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills and can translate complex technical concepts to a non-technical audience, demonstrating business value and impact. The accountability. You strive for better. Better solutions, better efficiency, better collaboration. You are proactive and innovative. You've never met a technical problem you couldn't solve by digging into deep research, testing, and connecting with peers. You take responsibility for your work, prioritizing tasks as needed. You can quickly analyze issues and determine the best course of action using available resources. You can develop systematic testing plans for problem resolution. The flexibility. You have the flexibility to work on-site as needed and respond to high-risk incidents at any time. We want you to feel appreciated. We provide a competitive Total Rewards package, including health benefits from Day 1, employer matched retirement savings plans, and optional Health or Wellness Spending Account. In addition, many of our team members enjoy flex hours and the opportunity to work from home. We value continuous learning, skills development, and career growth and we offer a Tuition Assistance Program for learning outside our environment. We want you to take your work home. While you don’t have to drink coffee to work here, we have an employee discount on our tea and coffee products. 
ScrapedJobID45:
Work with both clients and vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Investigate assigned tickets; responsible for the task until it has been completed/resolved Monitor and resolve incidents and support requests; ensure response/resolution within service level agreement (SLA) targets Update ticket information and associated documentation Maintain monitoring software to ensure proper functionality of all managed devices Maintain reporting software to provide valuable information to clients Notify clients of any potential problems in their environment Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Attend internal MNP courses to further develop knowledge around performance improvement Successful candidates will be expected to share “on-call” duties outside of regular business hours with the team. Posses a Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science or related discipline Experience with Microsoft operating systems, applications and tools Strong troubleshooting skills Experience with the following technologies would be beneficial: Check Point, Palo Alto, RSA, Ironport, Cisco, Brocade, IronPort, RSA, Gemalto, Aruba, Forcepoint, Proofpoint Willingness to work occasional evenings or weekends 
ScrapedJobID46:
Robust creativity and problem-solving skills Ability to think analytically Knowledge of technical systems and terminology Proficiency in scripting languages Ability to identify and exploit vulnerabilities English written and verbal communication skills Conduct formal testing on computer systems Assess the security of computer software and hardware Conduct security audits and legal cyberattack simulations by designing and utilizing hacking tools to access designated pieces of data during a predetermined time frame Generate tools for breaking into security systems Detect and correct system weaknesses Provide recommendations based on an assessment of hardware and software systems Implement solutions to enhance data security Provide IT support 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID47:

ScrapedJobID48:
Able to analyze security events from multiple sources and prioritize alerting. Understand detection tools and methods for correlating events following established procedures. Dispositions events with a high degree of confidence, flags opportunities for tuning, escalation, and communication of high severity events to leadership. The SOC analyst is essential in execution of mission critical projects. Interfaces with stakeholders, and prepares plans, including but not limited to, quality, risk and communications. Maintains documentation of activities against the project schedule and provides deliverables to SOC leadership. Works in close coordination with Senior SOC and Security Operations Leadership for security solutioning selection and content development (tuning and use case development). Designs and builds dashboards and reporting as needed for SOC and other lines of business. Understand company culture and business processes; is empowered to identify alternative solutions and recommends new approaches. Assists in the requirements for the implementation of changes in the business process. The SOC Analyst is a driver for security awareness. Receives and addresses requests for support. Contributes to creation of support documentation. Provides security guidance and is an escalation contact for IT analysts in other towers. Collaborate with other members of the Security and Networking organizations to create and maintain standards and operating procedures, and provide information as appropriate to manager, project manager, and various departments within the Company. Able to work in development of security solutions, implementations of proposed solutions, and continuous tuning and development. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, a related field, or applicable work experience. 3-5+ years of cyber security experience in SIEM, Vulnerability Assessment, Incident Response, Firewall Management/Auditing, Endpoint, and/or IDS/IPS Preferred certifications include GIAC, OSCP, CEH, Security +, CCNA/IE Security Strong desire and aptitude to learn new technologies Motivated to continually provide input to enhance the Security Program Experience in working in a Security Operations Center (SOC) is preferred Experience reviewing and hardening OS and network configuration Understanding of BGP, MPLS, OSPF, etc. – Routing and switching Experience with Python and other scripting languages. Knowledge of SIEM platforms including content, tuning recommendations, as well as alert response is desired Knowledge of UNIX/LINUX systems Demonstrates decision making, problem solving and analytical skills with attention given to detail and accuracy Strong team player with ability to work with IT teams beyond the Security Tower Ability to work with a large degree of autonomy and minimal supervision. Excellent communication skills Follow-up, follow through, and deliver quality results within defined SLAs Able to prioritize events and provide guidance in alert management priority Experience with targeted cyber-attack analysis. In-depth knowledge of HTTP and headers, SMTP and headers and FTP, SSH and, TLS. IDS monitoring/analysis and content creation with tools including Snort, Regex and Yara signatures at an intermediate/advanced level. Ability to read and interpret PCAP data both in a GUI and in hexdump format. Ability to perform both static and dynamic malware analysis at a basic level preferred. Able to adapt to rapidly changing technologies and apply them to evolving business needs On call support is required 24X7 in rotational schedule Minimal travel required (training/conferences) 
ScrapedJobID49:
Work with IT and business partners to define scope of corporate assets that require protection Determine the best security measures suited for the assets in scope Perform various Information Security risk assessments Partner with the IT team to improve existing and implement new security solutions Protect information from unauthorized access by designing strategies and defensive solutions covering on premise and Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud Infrastructure Test security solutions in place Conduct continuous monitoring of systems for vulnerabilities and unusual/suspicious activities through logs reviews, vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, etc. Manage Information Security solutions stack such as IDS/IPS, VPN, end-point device protections, etc. Conduct research, trend analysis, correlation, and reporting across a wide variety of internal and external source data sets (e.g. network, OS, DB and application logs and alerts) Provide timely detection, identification, and alerts of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities, and distinguish these incidents and events from benign activities Analyze identified malicious activity in the computing environment to determine weaknesses exploited, exploitation methods, and effects on system and information Lead Cyber incident detection, investigation, and response Ensure that all IT systems comply with internal Cyber Security policies and procedures Develop new Cyber Security policies and procedures Maintain IT security controls documentation Ensure corporate systems and policies comply with Cyber Security industry standards and best practices Report incidents and coordinate incident response activities Provide advice on security topics to business stakeholders and contribute to customer initiated audits Bachelor of Science Degree or equivalent, preferably in Cyber Security, Information Technology, Computer Science or a technology related discipline Minimum 5 years of Cyber Security experience Solid experience with securing Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud implementations Strong knowledge of Cyber Security methodologies, standards, and best practices Strong understanding of networking principles including TCP/IP, WANs, LANs, TLS and commonly used Internet protocols such as SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, POP, LDAP Good understanding of systems development life cycle and secure application development Working experience with information security related standards, laws and regulations such as GDPR, CCPA, ISO 27000, etc. Experience with Windows and Linux environments Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication, interpersonal, organizational, and planning skills Ability to build and maintain relationships across all levels and functional areas A well-known Information Security certification such as CISSP, CISM, CEH, CISA, etc. is a solid asset 
ScrapedJobID50:
Experience analyzing events or incidents to triage the issue or find the root cause. Ability to translate inbound triage requests into actionable, team-specific work items and repeatable runbooks. Self-motivated with the ability to work independently. Degree or diploma in a technical field, ideally with a focus on information security, or 2+ years of equivalent experience in a security or customer support role. Flexibility in adapting previous experience to fit the needs and culture of our unique team. Broad exposure to security disciplines and understanding of models and principles behind core security concepts. Experience with, or understanding of, networking fundamentals and concepts. Certifications that would be an asset but not required. These could include:
Security +
GIAC or equivalent
AWS or other cloud focused certifications Security + GIAC or equivalent AWS or other cloud focused certifications Triage and track potential threats and alerts from multiple sources and spot trends. Conduct and document the entire incident life cycle, managing and coordinating security incidents, escalating, and providing other support. Write comprehensive reports including assessment-based findings, outcomes and propositions for further system security enhancement. Develop and implement new technical solutions, tools and processes to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and ensure the privacy and security of all Sequence Bio’s systems. Develop new creative approaches to accelerate threat detection, response, and remediation of security incidents in a cloud based organization. Work with our Technology Team to produce best-in-class security policies, procedures and technology. Update security policies and supporting documents. Implement process and technology to protect and monitor all corporate devices. Educate employees on process, procedures and security software and solutions to ensure adoption and knowledge. Other duties as required by your team lead(s) or the executive team. Willing to take initiative and create and take on new responsibilities as our company continues to grow. 
ScrapedJobID51:
Security assessments – Leverage your expertise in Information Security Management to prepare and conduct assessments for both planned initiatives and unplanned instances. Perform clear and thorough threat and vulnerability scans of internal and external devices. Use your knowledge of processes, tools, techniques, and practices for assuring consistency to standards associated with accessing, altering, and protecting organizational data. Risk reviews – Examine and interpret requirement documents and architecture diagrams. Collaborate with senior leaders and make informed, risk-based recommendations to enhance information system security. Weigh business needs against security concerns to help guide the business to make practical and informed risk choices. Governance support – Proactively contribute to governance initiatives, providing technical and business advice, as well as insight on management processes. Contribute to the development of governance and risk-related company policies. You know that details matter. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems and making sense of information. You communicate detailed information in a meaningful way. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. You have at least five years of experience as an Information Security Consultant or a similar role. You’re a certified professional. It’s an asset if you have your CISSP, CIA, or CISM designation. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID52:
Identify information assets to be protected by security controls Identify all points of data flow – input, transit, processing/use/view, at rest/storage Analyze existing security systems and make recommendations for changes or improvements Prepare reports and action plans in the event that a security breech does occur Monitor the network and provide early warning of abnormalities or problems Upgrade and patch systems regularly Communicate system status and keep users informed of downtime or changes to the system Keep technical knowledge current through continuing education Provide system updates and write code fixes Assess layers of security (defense in depth) – e.g., perimeter, network, infrastructure/endpoint, application, data; cloud-hosed, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS. Identify critical missing security controls, and compensating or mitigating controls in place to reduce risk Maintain formal records of the due diligence work completed to evaluate and communicate security risks Develop and maintain supporting documentation for new networks, information systems, and technologies as they are introduced Develop and review the security posture of networks, systems, services, devices, hardware, and major applications Assist in the development and implementation of required processes, procedures, and capabilities to mitigate vulnerabilities and weaknesses for software and hardware deployment. Monitor and upgrade computer anti-virus and malware protection systems. Encrypt data transmissions and erect firewalls to conceal confidential information during transmit. Implement password authentication to keep unauthorized users from accessing sensitive data files. Modify security files to incorporate new software, correct errors, and change user access status. Educate workers about computer security and promote security awareness and security protocols. Keep accurate and current backup files of all important data on the shared corporate network. Provide employee support, and hands-on troubleshooting for all IT related equipment, applications, and software Assist with configuring and installing hardware equipment, software and applications managed by the IT department according to best practices to ensure a proper level of uniformity and standard for all IT assets deployed across the company. Assist with developing and implementing disaster recovery and back-up procedures by evaluating organization outcomes; identifying problems; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements Bachelor’s degree, or diploma in Computer Science, Information Technology Systems required Some experience in security operations Strong understanding of computer networking, operating systems, and software development Knowledge of security incident management, malware management and vulnerability management processes Introductory understanding of securing cloud services, container and multi-tier web applications, data lake and relational databases, WAF and virtual firewalls, VPN, and host endpoint protection products. Familiarity with NIST and CIS security standards Ability to be available after hours and participation in on-call rotations Familiar with Linux and Microsoft Windows operating systems Ability to conduct research and analysis of cybersecurity-related subject matter and develop briefing materials, including recommendations Nice to have: Interest in Information Security professional designations such as CISSP, CISM, CISA Interest in compliance and audit experience (PCI, SOC2, ISO, etc.) Knowledge or have worked with leading vendor certifications Strong communication skills, both written and oral Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Ability to manage multiple service requests simultaneously Highly self-motivated, self-directed, and attentive to detail 
ScrapedJobID53:
Interface directly with law enforcement agencies and emergency services to assist them in dealing with highly critical and sensitive situations Work with the team to manage the queue of incoming emergency calls Navigate multiple tools, applications, systems and databases to retrieve pertinent information where time is of essence Communicate effectively and precisely to determine ambiguous requests Demonstrate your strong analytical skill in evaluating a situation before responding Be pro-active in adhering to CRTC, PIPEDA and TELUS privacy policies You are fluently bilingual in spoken and written English & French You are able and available to work on a 24/7/365 shift rotation You have a track record of troubleshooting, issue resolving and performing root cause analysis You are recognized for your analytical and problem solving skills You are sought out for your sound judgement and decision-making You are able to work through stressful situations with high impacts You are respected for your ability to interface with and influence various levels of authority You have a University Degree or College Diploma Working knowledge of Google Suite as well as MS Windows & Office suite: Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook. Experience in technical support Ability to handle high volume of calls 
ScrapedJobID54:

ScrapedJobID55:
A Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering. Good working knowledge of: Experience with MITRE attack framework, Server platforms (Linux, UNIX, Windows, etc.), Relevant networking experience (e.g. TCP/IP stack, DNS) Direct prior experience with core security technologies such as security information and event monitoring systems (SIEM), network and host intrusion prevention and detection systems, and anti-virus solutions Experience in SOAR Strong analytical and investigative skills Strong understanding of lateral movement Has previously had or is willing to obtain government Secret security clearance You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID56:
Based on alert trigger, conduct technical analysis to determine impact, scope, and response actions. Manage low and medium severity incidents according to the defined severity levels. Drive lessons learned activities after incident closure to identify potential gaps in security controls. Determine regional incident response requirements and align with relevant stakeholders. Work closely with the Cyber Threat Intelligence team to enhance results of the analysis and provide additional context. Identify, make, and maintain working relationships across the business lines and support teams. Enable, guide and support Cyber Defense Analysts. Please note: The nature of this position is a technical security function, not a compliance function. University degree (or college) in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. 3+ years working experience in cyber security or IT operations related field in a corporate, military, or law enforcement environment. Very good knowledge of cyber and IT security standards, risks, threats, prevention measures, and best practices. At least one of the following certifications will be a plus: CISSP, SANS GIAC Cyber Threat Intelligence (GCTI), SANS GIAC Certified Penetration Tester (GPEN), SANS GIAC Certified Web Application Penetration Tester (GWAPT), Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH). Hands-on experience with SIEM analysis (Splunk). Honest and professional, strong team influencer, able to proactively support team culture that fosters knowledge sharing, excellence and collaboration. Able to work under pressure, facilitate discussion, decision-making, and conflict resolution. Very good communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. English fluent; German will be a plus. 
ScrapedJobID57:
These positions may be eligible for the Foreign Language Incentive Program (FLIP). A secondary school diploma or an acceptable combination of education, training and experience related to the position. Advanced* proficiency (in both listening and reading) in at least one Middle Eastern, Asian, African or European language. Experience conducting research, analyzing information/data and writing reports. A demonstrated interest in security issues, global concerns and international political affairs. A demonstrated interest in information and communication technology. “Advanced” is defined as full comprehension of the language as it is used by educated native speakers. Foreign Languages Analytical Thinking Target Knowledge and Context Interactive Communication Working in a Team Change and Innovation Achieving Results Graduation from a recognized post-secondary institution in a field related to the position, such as but not limited to: linguistics, translation, foreign languages, international relations or political science. Experience with computer systems and applications. security interview polygraph test psychological assessment background investigation covering a minimum of your last 10 years history, including credit and financial verifications. The process will be conducted in the official language of your choice. Several tests will be administered to candidates who successfully pass the application review. They will be used as a screening tool. Make sure to check your spam/junk mailbox regularly for notification of the tests. Interview(s) will follow for candidates who are successful on the tests. Two (2) references will be requested from candidates who successfully complete the interview stage. Candidates will be required to complete the security assessment. More information regarding this process can be found on CSE's website. UNI-06 (Underfill level): $74,823 to $88,028 per year* UNI-07 (Working level): $83,055 to $97,710 per year* These positions may be eligible for the Foreign Language Incentive Program (FLIP). FLIP is an additional pay on top of, but not part of, the yearly salary and is calculated as a percentage of your salary to a maximum of 8% depending on the language and your level of your proficiency. This allowance is negotiated through the collective bargaining process. 
ScrapedJobID58:
These positions may be eligible for the Foreign Language Incentive Program (FLIP). A secondary school diploma or an acceptable combination of education, training and experience related to the position. Advanced* comprehension of spoken Mandarin or Cantonese. Advanced* proficiency in reading and understanding written Chinese (simplified or traditional). Experience conducting research, analyzing information/data and writing reports. A demonstrated interest in security issues, global concerns and international political affairs. A demonstrated interest in information and communication technology. “Advanced” is defined as full comprehension of the language as it is used by educated native speakers. However, we may consider your application if you only have reading proficiency in Chinese, but you are willing to develop the necessary listening skills through training or practice, and vice versa. Foreign Languages Analytical Thinking Target Knowledge and Context Interactive Communication Working in a Team Change and Innovation Achieving Results Graduation from a recognized post-secondary institution in a field related to the position, such as, but not limited to: linguistics, translation, foreign languages, international relations or political science. Experience with computer systems and applications. security interview polygraph test psychological assessment background investigation covering a minimum of your last 10 years history, including credit and financial verifications. The process will be conducted in the official language of your choice. Several tests will be administered to candidates who successfully pass the application review. They will be used as a screening tool. Make sure to check your spam/junk mailbox regularly for notification of the tests. Interview(s) will follow for candidates who are successful on the tests. Two (2) references will be requested from candidates who successfully complete the interview stage. Candidates will be required to complete the security assessment. More information regarding this process can be found on CSE's website. UNI-06 (Underfill level): $74,823 to $88,028 per year* UNI-07 (Working level): $83,055 to $97,710 per year* These positions may be eligible for the Foreign Language Incentive Program (FLIP). FLIP is an additional pay on top of, but not part of, the yearly salary and is calculated as a percentage of your salary to a maximum of 8% depending on the language and your level of your proficiency. This allowance is negotiated through the collective bargaining process. 
ScrapedJobID59:
Monitor, maintain, and deploy a variety of security toolsets Identify and manage vulnerabilities Brief technical leaders on the nature and impact of threats and vulnerabilities Assist in the development of security awareness material Work with project teams to ensure security controls are implemented and functioning as expected Participate in security design and implementation throughout project life cycle Create and update monitoring dashboards: resolving and escalating issues as necessary Gather documentary evidence of corporate policies and technical settings to meet Government requirements A University Degree or College Diploma in Computer Science, Cyber Security or other relevant field 1+ years’ experience in complex IT environments Knowledge of vulnerability management programs Knowledge of security incident and event management programs Knowledge of log management tools and capabilities Passionate about IT Security High attention to detail Strong willingness to learn and grow Able to initiate and pursue independent work A strong communicator – both written and verbally Eligible to obtain NATO Secret Government security clearance and Controlled Goods approval Security+ Certification or equivalents Experience working with Government and/or Military agencies 
ScrapedJobID60:
Provide first level support for security incidents and requests by monitoring alerts, owning and managing security incidents through to resolution, and resolving security requests Monitor network and system alerts, and own and manage network and system tickets through to warm handoff to an Operations/DevOps team member Adhere at all times to separation of duties between your role as a member of the security team that monitors the activities of privileged users, and privileged network and Operations/DevOps team members that use their privileges to resolve incidents and fulfill requests in the production environment Provide quality customer service, including interacting with Global Relay employees, answering internal Global Relay inquiries, and escalating as necessary Register and classify received incidents and service requests Undertake an immediate effort to address security issues in a timely fashion Undertake an immediate effort to escalate network and system issues in a timely fashion Analyze security events, incidents, and problems to provide recommendations on action Update staff and clients on the status of incidents and service requests at agreed intervals Escalate incidents and service requests to appropriate resources Execute time-sensitive operational tasks as defined in a task list Create scheduled and ad-hoc reports using identified tools such as MS Office and specialized applications Train new hires Perform other security related system administration duties as needed Knowledge of internet and network technologies; specifically TCP/IP, UDP, SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SFTP and FTPS; other Internet and network technologies are an asset Strong understanding of and exposure to security tools such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, anti-virus, anti-spam, and server and network device hardening Ability to write and modify scripts and/or program in various languages, such as Python and PowerShell Working knowledge of security incident and event management systems such as Splunk Proven competence with using MS Office and other desktop applications Previous experience in maintaining and troubleshooting day-to-day operational processes, such as report generation, data verification and data correlation Excellent verbal and written communication skills Superior attention to detail and follow-up Ability to follow processes, multi-task, and excel in a fast-paced environment A passion for customer satisfaction and responsiveness Methodical and creative approach to problem-solving Recognized security industry certifications, such as CompTIA Security+ 
ScrapedJobID61:
Documenting Governance Risk and Compliance processes. Formal training and certification in the GRC space, including one or more of the following: FIPPA, ISACA, OCEG, CRM, CRMP, CGRC, CGEIT, GRCP, GDRP Establish and maintain regulatory compliance and organizational awareness around third-party risk and enterprise risk management. Deliver solution complex Governance Risk and Compliance services including solution development, project leadership, business development. Develop Governance Risk Compliance solution implementations from start to finish. Manage and implement regulatory compliance, third party risk management and enterprise risk management processes. Support the development and ongoing maintenance of the corporate Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) program, including Business Continuity Management, Internal Audit, compliance, Operational Risk Management, Risk and Control Self-Assessments, and Third-Party Governance and Risk. Review, refine, create and validate new and existing Cyber Security policies for effectiveness. Lead configuration and maintenance efforts within GRC solution following Software. Development Life Cycle SDLC best practices. Work with various business units to design, develop and implement new GRC use cases and workflows. Develop a training program and train users on how to use GRC solution and their role within the tool. Serve as technical advisor on offensive security risks that could impact BusPatrol’s business Assess how technology-driven business processes and technology within BusPatrol and client organizations could potentially impact their environment from a cyber security perspective. Collaborate with BusPatrol and Customer cyber security teams to prepare technical risk briefings. Create and update user and system documentation. 7+ years of expertise working with commercially available Governance Risk Compliance solutions. Must have experience in managing the implementation of complex systems for risk and compliance in the public and private sectors. Strong project management skills - planning, status reporting, issues resolution, risk mitigation. Highly effective communication with all levels or the organization including senior and executive management. Ability to deliver high-quality documentation deliverables including business requirements documents, design documents, test cases, and end user training guides. Strong organizational, interpersonal and presentation skills. Experience leading GRC centric security projects with multiple client organizations, and all levels of management. Experience conducting enterprise-wide audits around GRC. In-depth understanding of infrastructure, network and database management. Experience in creating, reviewing, and updating policy documents. BS degree (or higher) in a technology-oriented career field, or equivalent experience. CISSP or CISM and Certification in risk management desired. Dental care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday working with commercially available GRC solutions: 7 years (preferred) managing the implementation of complex systems: 2 years (preferred) Project management: 1 year (preferred) conducting enterprise-wide audits around GRC: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID62:
poursuivre le développement des outils et processus de réponse aux incidents cybernétiques; maintenir une veille des menaces et vulnérabilités en matière de cybersécurité; participer à l’analyse et au processus de gestion des vulnérabilités; soutenir l’équipe en matière de réponse aux incidents TI; participer aux autres activités du CSO. Être un étudiant en technologies de l’information ou dans tout autre domaine connexe ou jugé pertinent; Avoir des connaissances en cybersécurité; Posséder un diplôme d’études collégiales en technologies de l’information sera considéré comme un atout. Polyvalence, débrouillardise et grande autonomie; Bonne capacité d’investigation, d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Bonne connaissance de l’informatique; Souci d’offrir un bon service à la clientèle. 
ScrapedJobID63:
Manages direct and indirect resources, including coaching, development, and performance management activities, in accordance with established policies and guidelines. Participates as a member of the CIO Leadership Team and supports the CIO in executing strategies and over-arching plans within the context of the security function. Answers indirectly and serves as a subject matter expert to the CRO. Serves as an advisor to senior management, IT peers and business stakeholders with respect to business risk from an information security, privacy, compliance and business impact potential and ensure plans are in place to address the risk. Creates and maintains First West's enterprise security architecture design; formulates security roadmaps, plan for strategic security solution deployments, long term cyber security plan, and annual cyber security functional plan. Prepares reports, recommendations or alternatives that address existing and potential gaps in IT security operations. Proactively recommends updates and upgrades to security infrastructure to counter changing threat patterns. Recommends or develops practical IT operational practices and procedures as it relates to IT security, including those for end users, production operations and legal compliance. Leads IT related security audit, compliance and regulatory initiatives; serves as the internal IT Security Compliance Officer; partners with corporate risk, internal audit, HR and other business stakeholders on internal and external audits and compliance; conducts IT security risk assessments when required as part of new initiatives and/or change management; manages the IT security incident response plan; and reviews and assists investigations. Maintains strong external connections with IT security professionals from other credit unions and organizations (e.g. LCUC and CUSSG). In collaboration with CIO and other IT leaders, develops and oversees the cyber security department and related operating budget. Security certification (CISSP, SANS or ICRM) (required) Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Minimum of seven years hands-on experience in IT infrastructure relating to areas of hardware, software, LAN and WAN connectivity, desktops, mobile devices, and firewalls Minimum of five years working experience in a Senior IT Security operational or management role Proven experience in developing, administering and leading an IT security program for mid to large organizations Exposure to IT security and Financial Industry experience is considered an asset Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office products Working technical knowledge of current systems software, operating systems, networking protocols and standards, cyber security hardware and software solutions i.e. SIEM Ability to establish cordial professional working relationships, communicate and effectively obtain buy-in from IT and business stakeholders for IT security initiatives which are often less than popular Strong leadership ability to lead a security team and security operations Strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills with a keen attention to detail Excellent negotiation and customer services skills and ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences A competitive base salary plus performance-based incentive compensation Annual merit pay increases Flexible benefits as well as support for retirement benefits Vacation time, a flexible "Day4U" and the option to purchase up to five additional vacation days Other financial perks such as our Employee Banking Advantages which includes waived or reduced financial service fees, reduced rates on personal loans, mortgages and no-interest loans on lifestyle-related items that promote health, wellness, learning and business aptitude 
ScrapedJobID64:
Conduct incident investigations on SIEM tools. Perform threat hunting on customer networks to detect and isolate threats and provide recommendations to customers. Work on customer on-boarding projects to ensure a successful transition to SOC for security monitoring services. Provide proactive security investigation and searches on client environments to detect malicious activities. Maintain up-to-date understanding of security threats, countermeasures, security tools and Cloud Security and SaaS technologies. Maintain technical proficiency through tool development, playbook, workflow and learning security frameworks. Help develop processes and procedures. Learn from and work with peers to grow and expand your cybersecurity knowledge and expertise. 1+ years of experience in security operations Strong understanding of computer networking and software development Knowledge of security incident management, malware management and vulnerability management processes Introductory understanding of securing cloud services, container and multi-tier web applications, data lake and relational databases, WAF and virtual firewalls, VPN, and host endpoint protection products. Familiarity with NIST and CIS security standards Security monitoring experience with one or more SIEM technologies, incident detection and response and intrusion prevention technologies Familiarity with GDRP, PIPEDA and other regulations Ability to be available after hours and participation in on-call rotations Interest in Information Security professional designations such as CISSP, CISM, CISA Interest in compliance and audit experience (PCI, SOC2, ISO, etc.) Knowledge or have worked with leading vendor certifications 
ScrapedJobID65:
Experience working for one of the largest Canadian global technology companies Possibility of a student casual contract position after completion of internship Possibility of a full-time position after completion of degree Access to Celestica’s development programs and projects Celestica's Time Off to Volunteer program – two paid days off to volunteer per year Fun intern activities including celebration events and networking Internal recognition programs and rewards for stellar performance Opportunity: Job experience at a large Canadian-based global company Innovation: We look to our employees to implement new ideas and improve the way we do things Collaboration: Students work as part of global teams, enabled by collaborative technology Sustainability: We uphold strong ethics, reduce our impact on the environment and empower employees to give back to the community with two paid days off per year to volunteer Development opportunities: including soft skills courses, innovation projects and mentorship Networking: Strategically build your professional network to advance your career and deepen relationships across your peers and colleagues. Fun: Our interns have the opportunity to participate in fun activities including intern social events, Celestica’s charitable initiatives and our Spirit Week activities Some knowledge of IT processes, tools, programs Basic knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle Knowledge of IT Security and cyber-security Familiarity with Project Management techniques Proficient in Microsoft Office Applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) Basic knowledge of the IT industry Involvement with design/development of IT processes and controls as well as Information Security practices Assist in the gathering of requirements for IT application projects - includes collecting and analyzing existing documentation, reviewing with Subject Matter Experts & writing specification documents Perform routine management/reporting tasks as they relate to the portfolio of applications under our control Participate to IT application projects and monitor activities of IT projects related to IT applications Participate to volunteering activities within Celestica volunteer programs Duties of this position are performed in a normal office environment Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data Repetitive manual movements (e.g. data entry, using a computer mouse, using a calculator, etc.) are frequently required 
ScrapedJobID66:
Annual Salary: $70000-80000 Eligible for yearly profit sharing program bonuses Work from home schedule (up to 100% during COVID) Part of a fast-growing, exciting, and challenging environment. You will receive a budget for speaking at conferences and meetups. You will be mentored by and work closely with senior staff. You will receive time and a budget for training. You will be provided with perks such as company lunches on Thursdays. You will receive a great health benefits package. You will receive a free audible account You will receive a minimum of 3 weeks' vacation. Our famous AK Nitro Gaming Chair so you can pentest in style :) A picture here: https://www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php?cPath=1283_1333_1334&item_id=086607 Share our core values (please see below). Experience performing application, mobile pentesting, or comparable experience doing independent research or bug bounties. If pentesting experience is limited an OSCP, OSWE, or GWAPT would go a long way to closing the gap. Demonstrated software development background in one or more of Python, .NET, Ruby, Java, Objective C/Swift. You have competed in CTFs (Capture The Flags). Expert with OWASP Top 10 and can explain them easily. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Experience in adjacent security related roles e.g. Secure Development/Engineering, Security Operations/SOC/Blue Teaming, Incident Response, IT Security, etc. Experience or security certification in cloud technologies (AWS, Azure) Open-source contributions Public speaking experience Performing training in a professional capacity Teaching experience, preferably security or CS topics Keeping it Secure: Software Secured's mission and values are a part of everything we do. We care about how our clients can do what they do without having to worry about hackers disrupting their work. Curiosity and humility: We are dedicated to learning and constantly improving. We hire the best of the best, humility is the key to remain the best. Own it: our engineers work hard to improve the state of web application security. To get there, we need to own every project, every assessment, every challenge and every line of code. Dive Deep: hard problems require diving deep to understand the real cause of the problem, we are not afraid of diving deep to come up with the best solutions. Bold: we take huge risks so our clients can minimize theirs, taking risks is part of what we do daily so we ensure the highest impact of our solutions. 
ScrapedJobID67:
Works with various technical leads and system/network administrators to better understand and mitigate risks in their environments. Identifies areas of risk in University and third-party systems that may lead to the possibility of being attacked or harmed and classifies these risks based on a wide variety of criteria such as risk ratings, criticality, availability of exploit code, ease of exploitation, results of a successful exploitation, required expertise etc. Remediates vulnerabilities by working with appropriate system and service owners to ensure they have a complete picture of where their risk exists and a reasonable plan to address these risks. Acts as a first responder for detected system breaches and account compromises by assessing the situation and determining the appropriate points of follow-up or escalation Ensures forensic integrity and chain-of-custody is maintained for all analyzed media, devices and resources involved in a potential breach or compromise Provides technical security subject matter expertise to third party law enforcement agencies Upgrades firewall and VPN operating systems and associated software to ensure current code releases and bug fixes are implemented Works with various stakeholders across campus to consolidate firewalls to the IST managed central firewall and VPN service Maintains the base configuration image and documentation for new firewall and VPN deployments. Builds and develops custom threat signatures to keep pace with emerging threats as required Maintains all aspects of the Intrusion Prevention and Detection deployment, in-house developed plaintext password sniffer, as well as third-party intelligence gathering technologies including network taps, and network security monitoring servers and software Maintain campus wide network, endpoint and sandbox based anti-malware systems Integrate anti-malware systems with newly acquired security technologies to increase points of visibility into the campus network Review anti-malware alerts to determine potentially compromised devices and follow-up with the appropriate system owner Review malware samples to determine false positives or false negatives and action accordingly Review behavioural detections and indicators to determine if a potential compromise has happened Present on various security topics to a wide range of campus audiences as required Liaison with other units, roles and individuals throughout campus to develop effective security related training Participates in the Security team's weekly 24/7 on-call rotation Responds to after-hours and weekend requests for assistance with security related duties Troubleshoots unexpected or unplanned outages and works with other members of IST or the University community to see the incident through to completion University degree in a related field or 2-year information technology diploma Any combination of one or more of the following professional designations is preferred: CEH, GSEC, OSCP, CCNP Security, Security+, CISSP Knowledge of TCP/IP, encryption fundamentals, firewall/VPN/IPS systems, vulnerability management, mobile device management, etc. Knowledge of Window/Mac/Linux operating systems Knowledge of current and emerging threats Knowledge of ITSM is desirable Knowledge of Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) concepts Knowledge of information security standards such as NIST, ISO 27001, and CIS Excellent written and oral communication skills Excellent ability to communicate complex topics and ideas to a wide variety of audiences Ability to work independently and within a team environment 
ScrapedJobID68:
Delivering instruction that meets module and program objectives as set out in the curriculum. Contributing to the development of curriculum and instructional materials Supporting the administrative functions of the campus to enhance the student experience. Evaluating student performance fairly and consistently. Participating in College and Program Activities. Monitoring and reviewing students during practicum and/or clinical placements, as the program requires. Acting in a manner that upholds the College standards. A diploma or degree from a University or College recognized by QCT College related to specified program A minimum of 3 years’ work-related experience An equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered. A minimum of 1 year of instructional experience or hold a certificate on adult education 
ScrapedJobID69:
Manage multi site LAN and WAN operations (switching and routing) Develop and maintain documentation to map network operations and data flow Responsible for configuration, management and documentation of
Palo Alto firewalls, internal and perimeterHP/Aruba layer 2 and 3 hardwarePKI infrastructure, key management, MS network policy serversCisco Meraki wireless infrastructureCisco Umbrella security platformSyslog management for switching and firewalls Palo Alto firewalls, internal and perimeter HP/Aruba layer 2 and 3 hardware PKI infrastructure, key management, MS network policy servers Cisco Meraki wireless infrastructure Cisco Umbrella security platform Syslog management for switching and firewalls Conduct research on IT infrastructure technologies in support of procurement and development efforts. Recommend best practices and changes to secure existing environment 5+ years or more of experience within a similar role Proven experience with TCP/IP, routing (OSPF/BGP), access control lists, QOS/DSCP, MPLS environments, network segmentation CCNA/CCNP/PCNSA would be an asset Experience integrating network and security operations with Active Directory Experience with PRTG an asset Familiarity with ITIL standards and IT Security compliance standards and practices Outstanding organizational and time management skills Highly innovative and motivated with an attention to detail Demonstrated analytical problem solving and technical troubleshooting skills. Ability to work independently, as well as contribute to the team. 
ScrapedJobID70:
Perform penetration testing projects in the realms of web/mobile application penetration testing, network penetration testing (external & internal), source code review, etc. Execute penetration testing projects according to internal testing methodology, tools, and processes Document technical issues identified during security assessments to articulate the risk to the client, as well as provide tailored recommendations for remediation. Perform vulnerability research and exploit development 1 or more years of experience with penetration testing against web/mobile applications, above and beyond running automated tools. 1 or more years of experience with network/infrastructure penetration testing. Development and/or source code review experience in Java, C#, C/C++, PHP, Ruby, Python, Go, Swift, Objective C/C++, Kotlin, etc. Familiarity with application layer assessment tools, such as Burp Suite and other fuzzers/proxies. A good understanding of Unix, Windows and network security skills. Ability to work both independently and perform as a leader in a team environment. Ability to work remotely as part of a distributed team and travel to client sites when required. - **Current travel is HIGHLY limited due to COVID-19** Excellent communication skills in English (both written and oral); able to concisely communicate security risks to both technical and business audiences. Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related major. Reputable security certifications, including: OSCP, OSCE, OSWE, OSEE, OSWP, GPEN, GXPN, CMWAPT Experience working as a consultant at a reputable penetration testing company. Experience working as part of an enterprise development team. Experience developing custom scripts or tools used for vulnerability scanning and identification. Experience with client/server thick-client penetration testing. A good understanding of cryptography fundamentals. Produced public facing research and/or delivered presentations at well known industry security conferences. 
ScrapedJobID71:
Researching and guiding the implementation of leading edge security measures, processes, policies, and tools. Maintenance and development of information security policies, procedures and standards across the City such as incident response plans, cloud framework, OS hardening, encryption standards, etc. Performing routine compliance audits and risk assessments to pre-empt, mitigate and swiftly respond to audit findings as required. Penetration testing and auditing of all technology systems to analyze the effectiveness of existing controls and suggest remediation and improvement. Promote and facilitate security awareness and training for all staff. Configure, maintain, respond to incidents from all employed security tools such as firewalls, intrusion prevention, threat detection, SIEM/logs, vulnerability management/threat-risk analysis, mail gateways, endpoint security, etc. Maintain and monitor compliance from a technology services perspective for relevant privacy and information security regulations. Identify and assess IT system security requirements at time of procurement, development and implementation of IT Projects. Provides direction, instruction, guidance and/or training documentation to all levels of users of computer systems within the City of Cambridge. Delegates tasks, sets baselines, policies and procedures for all Technology Services staff. Independently provides advice to all levels of staff in staff in the City of Cambridge including the Mayor, councilors, management and Fire Department. Exchanges information and interacts with Municipal Information System industry experts, other municipal government bodies, vendors, I.T. industry experts and computer support consultants for problem determination, issue resolution and strategic planning. Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field. CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) or CISM (Certified Information Security Manager) or CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) or equivalent. Investigating and correlate highly technical information from multiple sources to determine the validity, risk and next steps required from security alerts, logs, suspicious behavior. Very high level of analytical ability is required as you will be tasked with planning, designing, deploying, maintaining, troubleshooting, ensuring security in a complex integrated environment with multiple venders and technologies including switches, routers, wireless network devices, high speed fibre network devices, VOIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol), mobile devices, printers, servers, applications, databases, cloud services, etc. Exceptional communication skills dealing with management, development teams, clients, application vendors and industry experts are essential. Analysis, interpretation of client needs vs security, and excellent project management skills, including the ability to lead, facilitate, and organize within a multi-disciplinary environment, are also required. Functions differ significantly from each other or a major function is broad and requires integration of differing complicated bodies of knowledge. Annual salary range of $85,388 to $104,130 (Non Union Salary Grid, Level 5) Comprehensive benefits package including extended health, dental, travel benefits; long term disability; accidental death and dismemberment and life insurance. Enrolment in Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System (OMERS). 
ScrapedJobID72:
Participate in the design, development and implementation of security initiatives to ensure the best possible measures are in place to maintain a secure operation. Monitor, evaluate, and maintain systems and procedures to safeguard internal information systems. Develop, implement, and enforce security strategies, policies and procedures. Provide general knowledge and recommendations for security best practices. Develop, maintain and update documentation associated to production releases. Adhere to best practices for security management Experience / Knowledge of variety of Intrusion Detection platforms Experience / Knowledge of SIEM technology – HP Arcsight ESM CISSP and any GIAC certification or similar certification desirable Proven experience performing analysis of security events to determine root cause and provide resolution Certification in security incident and event management systems such as ArcSight or enVision Very strong working knowledge of security tools such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, A/V, anti-spam, content management, server and network device hardening Competence in using an internal and external ticketing system for ITIL-based incident, problem and change management Previous experience in troubleshooting day-to-day operational processes such as report generation, data verification, data correlation, etc. Excellent oral, written and documentation skills Methodical and creative approach to problem-solving Completion of University or College program in Computer Science; or 5 years of equivalent industry experience in the information systems field. Proven experience in the design, implementation and troubleshooting of operational security solutions. Experience translating complex and ambiguous problems into actionable components. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Leadership skills Bilingualism is an asset (English and French) 
ScrapedJobID73:
Perform targeted internal audits to ensure compliance within existing policies and report findings with recommendations Coordinate external audits, including internal meetings with stakeholders, prepare for walkthroughs, coordinate the collection and consolidation of evidence Assist into the review, alignment, and improvement of internal controls Collaborate to the implementation and revision of security policies and procedures Follow up on audit and non-compliance issues with other internal teams Execute monthly reporting Coordinate the deployment and communication of the IT Security Awareness program Assist into the analysis of security incidents and their investigation and resolution Identify, report and follow up on software vulnerabilities Review and handle daily security monitoring events A Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline with 3-5 years of experience in IT Compliance or ITGC audits or IT Security A knowledge of ISO27001 and PCI requirements Communication with excellent oral and written language skills. Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to detail and take initiative Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Bilingual (English and French) Communication skills – Why? Because you will be expected to explain and vulgarize concepts by adapting the style and content of your messages to your audience (whether it’s internal client, external clients or your teammates). Organization and resourcefulness – Why? Because we don’t believe in micromanagement. You will need to figure out solutions on your own by using your skills, your knowledge and any relevant information you can get your hands on. Problem solving skills – Why? Because when you will face a problem, you will first analyze the information before identifying the possible causes. You will then explore and implement the most efficient and logical solutions. Adaptability – Why? Because our industry evolves constantly. You will have to adjust your thinking and methods to better suit new or unplanned situations (whether it’s for your daily tasks or your work environment). 
ScrapedJobID74:
poursuivre le développement des outils et processus de réponse aux incidents cybernétiques; maintenir une veille des menaces et vulnérabilités en matière de cybersécurité; participer à l’analyse et au processus de gestion des vulnérabilités; soutenir l’équipe en matière de réponse aux incidents TI; participer aux autres activités du CSO. Être un étudiant en technologies de l’information ou dans tout autre domaine connexe ou jugé pertinent; Avoir des connaissances en cybersécurité; Posséder un diplôme d’études collégiales en technologies de l’information sera considéré comme un atout. Polyvalence, débrouillardise et grande autonomie; Bonne capacité d’investigation, d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Bonne connaissance de l’informatique; Souci d’offrir un bon service à la clientèle. Du Lundi au Vendredi 
ScrapedJobID75:
Enterprise Systems / Network - Management of systems and network infrastructure including: design, development and set-up; maintaining and configuring network related hardware/software (VPN, Firewall, routers, Switches, WAPS); maintaining and monitoring all servers (Windows, Linux, AWS) hybrid Virtual / Physical infrastructure; managing usage/capacity and operating system updates; documenting standards for all systems; managing Active Directory (Certificate Authority, Domain Name System, Dynamic Host Communication Protocol, Network Protection Server, Internet Information Server, Windows Server Update services, Group Policies) and Microsoft Exchange enterprise (email) topology; WAP Configuration; monitoring data flow. Internal Network Security - Ensuring security standards are set, documented, and maintained for all operating units. Firewall management. Configure content filtering, intrusion prevention and client/network antivirus. IT Hardware and Software Management - Managing IT hardware and software projects in conjunction with the Computer/Network Support Specialist and Operations Services Manager. Determine and provide the support required for completed projects in conjunction with all stakeholders. Work with in-house software developer. Backups - Managing all backups of corporate data with regular audits of its functionality. Determine and provide the support required for disaster recovery and business continuity plans. Aircraft Maintenance/QA data - Assisting maintenance staff with procuring, processing, and moving data from the helicopter to various systems in house and external. Technical Advice and Guidance – Supporting managers, employees, and other team members on issues related to information technology. Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday On call system administration: 8 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID76:
Integrate Azure, O365, AWS and Google Cloud logs into Splunk Cloud Assist Cloud security threat modeling with the goal of building actionable alerts and reports Provide support within client’s vulnerability management program using CrowdStrike Spotlight Help build Microsoft Identity Management (MIM) connectors and train resources on building MIM connectors Provide guidance on cloud security principles and best practices, centred on client’s cloud presence (Azure, AWS and Google cloud). Other related security project support as may be required by management Post-secondary diploma/degree in the field of computer science or equivalent certifications 5 years related work experience with Azure in an enterprise-grade IT infrastructure Experience with Vulnerability Management, Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) and Identity Access Management (IAM) Knowledge of ITIL framework and principles Demonstrated experience with Crowdstrike, Splunk and Linux Superior communication skills Azure: 3 years (required) CrowdStrike: 1 year (required) Splunk: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID77:
8+ years of multifaceted security experience including elements of engineering, architecture, and leadership. Experience securing cloud-based infrastructures and IT systems. Have experience creating and driving an overall security posture throughout an organization; must be able to identify current needs, anticipate future needs, articulate risk, and put together a balanced security plan based on business risk. Have experience working with engineering and infrastructure teams to scope, enable, and implement the systems in a cloud environment. Have a practical security background, with expert level knowledge of infrastructure security concepts including networking, devices, identity services, web application security, encryption and endpoint security. Experience with and understanding of the audit process, and maintaining compliance with security standards, ideally ISO 27001. Have excellent communication skills to understand and explain the bigger picture to other members of the team. Flat team: Work side by side with the co-founding team Responsibility that can grow as quickly as you can Great ownership from day one. Build your learning curve. Possibilities are limitless and just depend on you. Highly vibrant and international environment 
ScrapedJobID78:
Contribute to the development of architecture patterns for Cybersecurity that lead the adoption of Cybersecurity technologies Provide Cybersecurity consulting services for cloud, application, data, and network security Work with the enterprise architecture team on alignment of projects with the Cybersecurity strategy for Canadian Tire Provide security architecture design document consisting of solution design building blocks and its relationship to the overall design of the project Interact with the strategic security architecture group for Cybersecurity strategic initiatives Evaluate vendor platforms for consumption by CTC and determine business case metrics for the technology review board Lead business projects using security architecture solution building blocks for analysis of current state technologies that are approved for use Following the TOGAF methodology, provide oversight and coordination of security projects as assigned; collect requirements; recommendation of approved vendors, contractors and hardware/software as appropriate/ provide business plan and project timelines of projects including cost estimates and business benefits; inspect and evaluate completed projects to ensure compliance with company specifications Experience in security architecture automation and pipeline integration using a DevOps methodology for integration Develop and understand new technology trends being adopted by Canadian Tire Corporation by researching and later documenting within the architecture repository of current technology capabilities, adoption of capabilities and provide a feasible security platform for the Retail business units Participate in project delivery in an Agile environment with associated associated toolsets such as Jir anad bitbucket A minimum of 4+ years directly related progressive experience cybersecurity, some PCI compliance and understanding of risk management frameworks with a background in system and network security engineering Broad background (preferred 3+ years in addition to cybersecurity) in technology design, implementation and delivery Demonstrated ability to understand and develop business requirements and recommend security solutions to meet business objectives Experience in Azure cloud computing technologies (or AWS or Google), infrastructure and platform-as-a-service, as well as public, private and hybrid architectures Ability to accurately scope security technology requirements and objectives as well as effort and difficulty of project tasks Thorough and working knowledge and understanding of security technology such as; Cisco Technology and operating systems, Palo Alto Firewalls, Web URL content filtering, VPN technologies, IPSEC tunnel, F5 Load Balancing/High Availability with GTM/LTM, Intrusion Detection/Prevention system, vulnerability assessment and vulnerability management, application code scanning and zero trust implementations Understanding of IT security best practices and regulations such as: ISO 17799, PCI, Sarbane-Oxley/C198, HIPA compliance, CEO/CFO certification Experience with Identity and Access management and the supporting technologies such as CA Technologies, BeyondTrust, and RSA Understanding of SSO technologies such as OAuth 2.0, SAML 2.0, Kerberos, Open ID Connect, Jason Web Tokens (JWT) Familiarity with API security and what best practices are part of securing APIs University or College degree in computer science, information assurance, MIS or related field, or equivalent Industry recognized certifications for such as CISSP, CEH, CCSE, CCSP would be an asset Agile and innovative individuals, who are able to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity to help us take bold and strategic moves in this rapidly evolving retail environment Creative thinkers who take initiative and are capable of building, launching and managing projects/programs that drive results for our customers Problem solvers with the ability to analyze and prioritize to meet business objectives Collaborative team players with superior influencing skills, who build relationships easily across various stakeholder groups to move initiatives forward 
ScrapedJobID79:
poursuivre le développement des outils et processus de réponse aux incidents cybernétiques; maintenir une veille des menaces et vulnérabilités en matière de cybersécurité; participer à l’analyse et au processus de gestion des vulnérabilités; soutenir l’équipe en matière de réponse aux incidents TI; participer aux autres activités du CSO. Être un étudiant en technologies de l’information ou dans tout autre domaine connexe ou jugé pertinent; Avoir des connaissances en cybersécurité; Posséder un diplôme d’études collégiales en technologies de l’information sera considéré comme un atout. Polyvalence, débrouillardise et grande autonomie; Bonne capacité d’investigation, d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Bonne connaissance de l’informatique; Souci d’offrir un bon service à la clientèle. 
ScrapedJobID80:
Collaborate on and enforce the implementation of Daimler’s global Vulnerability Management strategy. First point of contact for the NAFTA and LATAM region for questions around Vulnerability Management, including vulnerability scanning and penetration testing. Perform vulnerability scans in the company’s internal networks. Steering of external partners in planning and performing different types of pentesting activities. Analyze, rate and confirm vulnerabilities reported by external researchers. Rate new technical vulnerabilities according to their business impact and prioritize remediation activities. Support application and infrastructure teams on the vulnerability remediation process. Please note: The nature of this position is a technical security function, not a compliance function. Certified “Great Place to Work®” organization Commitment to inclusion & diversity Engaging corporate culture Training, development and career growth opportunities A strong portfolio of corporate social responsibility initiatives State of the art working facilities University degree (or college) in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study. 5+ years working experience in technical cyber security related field in a corporate, military, or law enforcement environment. Excellent knowledge of cyber security standards, risks, threats, prevention measures, and best practices. Experiences in improving a vulnerability management process and/or a vulnerability-scanning concept. Hands-on experience with vulnerability scanning and management processes and tools like Qualys, ServiceNow Vulnerability Response. Experience with vulnerability management in cloud solutions Offensive Security Certified Expert (OSCE) CREST SANS GIAC Penetration Tester, Web Application Penetration Tester, Exploit Researcher and Advanced Penetration Tester. Honest and professional, strong team influencer, able to proactively support team culture that fosters knowledge sharing, excellence and collaboration. Able to work under pressure, facilitate discussion, decision-making, and conflict resolution. Excellent communicator, able to engage and effectively respond to diverse stakeholders. English fluent; German will be a plus. 
ScrapedJobID81:
Bringing together the world’s largest consulting practice with industry-leading security research capabilities Enriching business consulting with advanced security research, analytics and technologies Solving complex client challenges and providing holistic solutions that incorporate people, processes, and technologies to improve security posture Teaming on all phases of engagement to monitor, detect, plan, build, implement, and support advanced security solutions Establishing new, flexible, and iterative approaches that only IBM can offer through our unique combination of skills, experiences and capabilities Providing our clients with an integrated approach to business design and execution, turning strategies into actions Knowledge of IT Security concepts and fundamentals Eligibility to obtain the same Canadian L2 Secret Clearance Ability to absorb professional knowledge quickly, develop skills and work easily with diverse and dynamic teams Demonstrated analytical skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Prior experience in working in the Security Services domain. Prior Experience with QRadar and/or ArcSight and/or Splunk Prior experience in working with TCP/IP Network Fundamentals, Operating Systems - Linux (preferred) / Unix / Windows, basic routing protocol fundamentals Performing course work related to Cyber Security Co-op/internship program enrollment is preferred Prior experience with Firewall administration and management 
ScrapedJobID82:
Research/Recommend solutions and manage projects to achieve compliance. Research and determine potential current and future threats to IMP Aerospace’s security program and determine appropriate methods and action plans for mitigation. Ensure compliance with corporate policies. Diagnose and resolve internal and external security concerns and respond to relevant internal IT service ticket requests as required. Make risk-based decisions to determine resolution and appropriate remedial action. Monitor and analyze network traffic, intrusion detection, security events and logs for compromise indicators and mitigate risk to the cyber security throughout IMP Aerospace. Conduct cyber-security policy analysis and contribute to the development and/or revisions to current policy and programs, where applicable. Prototype solutions as part of standard project development to better understand requirements and optimal security solutions design. Document test plans and perform the necessary testing. Implement IT Security solutions, ensuring to minimize impact to users. This may require travel to other IMP facilities and/or work after business hours or on the weekend. All applications must include an updated resume. 
ScrapedJobID83:
Working Knowledge of at least some of the following: firewalls, IDS/IPS, MPS, SIEM, DLP Windows OS, *NIX Industry certification(s) in a relevant specialization Experience with malware forensics Good understanding of network architecture Prior work experience in a SOC Experience and/or training with security vendor appliances, enterprise networking equipment–especially with any of our vendor partners (see http://securesense.ca/partners) College or University degree/diploma in a relevant area of study (strong preference for specialization in security) Previous experience related to information technology (strong preference for information security) Multitasking skills Ability to learn quickly on the job and to make informed, responsible decisions Customer Service experience Exceptional written and spoken communication skills High level of MS Office proficiency (Word, Excel, Access) 
ScrapedJobID84:
Design, assess, and review application security architecture Discover, analyze and address security issues within our environment Champion security programs and training within our engineering teams Compile and maintain application security best practices documentation (e.g. OWASP Top 10) Develop processes and tooling to improve application security while tracking outcomes and metrics to ensure goals are achieved Assist with the design and development of our application security program. Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID85:
Extended health care Bonus scheme Vacation & paid time off Casual dress On-site parking Company events & social hours Education reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID86:
Provide 24/7 support for the network and security infrastructure Configure, implement, maintain and document of all network and security equipment across the business, including clinics Monitor security logs and access of file shares and network logins and protect against security breaches Prepare reports for management to detail security breaches, weaknesses, and remediation plans Maintain firewalls and security rulesets Monitor and analyze network performance, antivirus software and security across the organization Recommend security enhancements and best practices and ensure compliance Validate patch management and oversee remediations Ensures all changes to the environment follow the change management process Assist the team with technology upgrades and deployments on prem and cloud Act as the primary escalation point for all IT Security incidents Perform other duties as assigned to support Medicentres Canada Inc. College or University degree in a related discipline or equivalent work experience Five (5) plus years of experience as a Senior Network or Systems Analyst, working in a similar environment Security+ or CISSP certifications is preferred or equal experience Excellent knowledge of network systems, protocols, and standards as well as scripting languages Excellent knowledge with installing, configuring, and troubleshooting firewalls, switches, routers, wireless access points, VLAN’s, network connection Excellent knowledge with SIEM solutions. Splunk is a strong asset Experience with Windows Server and Linux operating systems Experience with anti-virus software, intrusion detection systems, and other network security measures Awareness of applicable data privacy practices and laws (PIPEDA, PHIPA, PCI) Ability to manage assigned projects in a priority sequence to ensure deliverables are met on time Excellent communication and customer service skills both written and verbal Adaptable and willing to learn new skills Ability to work in a very demanding and fast paced team environment with minimal supervision IT Staff and Management Clinical staff Physicians External parties such as: Lenovo, Dell, Quest, Cisco, Palo Alto, etc. 
ScrapedJobID87:
analyzing various data streams to identify and address new threats conducting and documenting technology security incidents and investigations developing and coordinating system hardening, vulnerability management, and patch management programs developing technology security awareness programs and influencing senior management and key stakeholders to adopt secure practices using technology including cloud-based security solutions such as Azure M365 and applying best practices and processes used in technology security operations leading and mentoring a team of technology security analysts on risk management, information security controls, incident analysis, threat risk assessments, and incident response developing, measuring and driving evidence-based improvements to key performance indicators in technology security operations Post-secondary diploma in computer science, systems engineering, or related applied sciences from an accredited educational institution Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) version 3 certification and above A post-secondary degree in computer science or engineering and the certified information systems security professional (CISSP) or above are preferred assets Demonstrated staff leadership capabilities. Shared Health has adopted the LEADS in a Caring Environment framework Must be able to work safely in a typical computerized office environment with frequent meetings, and to lift and carry items of up to approximately 10 kg; this position may be approved to work from a home based in Manitoba Interruptions from key stakeholders are common; dedicated and focused time for planning and concentration can be scheduled Regular travel throughout the service area requiring a valid Manitoba driver’s license and use of a personal motor vehicle Must be able to work flexible hours as required to meet service commitments and our province-wide client needs 24/7/365 through scheduled evenings and weekends, participation in an "on call" rotation is required, and overtime may be required 
ScrapedJobID88:
Uncover and understand the inner workings of mobile malware. Create detection logic to protect users from current and future malware instances. Develop tools to mine our mobile app data set to identify new malware families, actors, and trends in mobile malware. Curious and motivated Ability to articulate technical findings both in written reports and presentations. Some proficiency with Java Ability to create research tools in Python or Ruby. Willingness to take initiative, and pitch in wherever needed. Ability to read and understand code in C, C++, ARM Assembly, ObjectiveC or Swift is a bonus. Previous experience with mobile systems (e.g. app development). Previous reverse-engineering experience - extra points for JEB, IDA Pro, Ghidra, Hopper, gdb, Frida, Wireshark, BurpSuite. You'll work directly with people who lead the mobile security industry. We're building something great and very different and are growing at an even faster pace. Tens of millions of users depend on Lookout to secure their mobile devices and their private data; we've built powerful crawlers that pull in and analyze tens of thousands of apps per day! The things we create push the Android framework past what any other app or company can do today. We've got smart people working without bureaucracy, allowing everyone to express themselves in the team and contribute to the overall success of the team. 
ScrapedJobID89:
Conduct host, network, application and mobile forensics technical investigations Triage active high-stakes security events, including reviewing and applying security controls to detect, respond, prevent and remediate threats Recognize and codify attacker tools, tactics, and procedures in indicators of compromise (IOCs) that can be applied to current and future investigations Develop custom scripts, tools, or methodologies to enhance CyberClan’s incident response processes for a wide range of systems and technologies Develop comprehensive and accurate reports of forensic findings and Incident Response activities for both technical and executive audiences Effectively communicate investigative findings and strategy to client stakeholders including technical staff, executive leadership, third-party stakeholders, underwriters, and legal counsel Provide clients with immediate actionable 0-day cyber security advise to stop and mitigate the damage of ongoing attacks Assist with the scoping of new engagements using a whole lifecycle approach, guiding the client from initial discovery through mitigation and remediation Fluent or native French (Highly preferred) 5+ years of experience in a forensic and incident response role Demonstrated experience in using analytical skills in a cyber security environment do triage and detect what events transpired Demonstrated ability to make decisions on remediation and counter measures for challenging information security threats Strong hands-on working knowledge of:
 Windows OS and networking protocols
 Windows disk and memory forensics
 Unix OS and networking protocols
 Network traffic analysis Windows OS and networking protocols Windows disk and memory forensics Unix OS and networking protocols Network traffic analysis Scripting and/or programming Preference on one or more of the following technical certifications: GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH), GIAC Certified Forensic Analyst (GCFA), GIAC Reverse Engineering Malware (GREM), MCFE, EnCE or equivalent certifications Experience in a technical role for a consulting company Demonstrated experience dealing with Ransomware forensic investigations Familiarity with MITRE Att&ck Framework and how it corresponds with a Ransomware attack Familiarity with Ransomware, Ransomware Groups, Ransomware IOCs and PTT (Procedures, Tactics and Techniques) Hands-on experience with commercial EDR and Forensic tool suites (CarbonBlack, AXIOM, CrowdStrike, EnCase) Reverse-engineering and malware analysis 
ScrapedJobID90:
Perform targeted internal audits to ensure compliance within existing policies and report findings with recommendations Coordinate external audits, including internal meetings with stakeholders, prepare for walkthroughs, coordinate the collection and consolidation of evidence Assist into the review, alignment, and improvement of internal controls Collaborate to the implementation and revision of security policies and procedures Follow up on audit and non-compliance issues with other internal teams Execute monthly reporting Coordinate the deployment and communication of the IT Security Awareness program Assist into the analysis of security incidents and their investigation and resolution Identify, report and follow up on software vulnerabilities Review and handle daily security monitoring events A Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline with 3-5 years of experience in IT Compliance or ITGC audits or IT Security A knowledge of ISO27001 and PCI requirements Communication with excellent oral and written language skills. Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to detail and take initiative Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Bilingual (English and French) Communication skills – Why? Because you will be expected to explain and vulgarize concepts by adapting the style and content of your messages to your audience (whether it’s internal client, external clients or your teammates). Organization and resourcefulness – Why? Because we don’t believe in micromanagement. You will need to figure out solutions on your own by using your skills, your knowledge and any relevant information you can get your hands on. Problem solving skills – Why? Because when you will face a problem, you will first analyze the information before identifying the possible causes. You will then explore and implement the most efficient and logical solutions. Adaptability – Why? Because our industry evolves constantly. You will have to adjust your thinking and methods to better suit new or unplanned situations (whether it’s for your daily tasks or your work environment). 
ScrapedJobID91:
Perform targeted internal audits to ensure compliance within existing policies and report findings with recommendations Coordinate external audits, including internal meetings with stakeholders, prepare for walkthroughs, coordinate the collection and consolidation of evidence Assist into the review, alignment, and improvement of internal controls Collaborate to the implementation and revision of security policies and procedures Follow up on audit and non-compliance issues with other internal teams Execute monthly reporting Coordinate the deployment and communication of the IT Security Awareness program Assist into the analysis of security incidents and their investigation and resolution Identify, report and follow up on software vulnerabilities Review and handle daily security monitoring events A Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline with 3-5 years of experience in IT Compliance or ITGC audits or IT Security A knowledge of ISO27001 and PCI requirements Communication with excellent oral and written language skills. Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to detail and take initiative Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Bilingual (English and French) Communication skills – Why? Because you will be expected to explain and vulgarize concepts by adapting the style and content of your messages to your audience (whether it’s internal client, external clients or your teammates). Organization and resourcefulness – Why? Because we don’t believe in micromanagement. You will need to figure out solutions on your own by using your skills, your knowledge and any relevant information you can get your hands on. Problem solving skills – Why? Because when you will face a problem, you will first analyze the information before identifying the possible causes. You will then explore and implement the most efficient and logical solutions. Adaptability – Why? Because our industry evolves constantly. You will have to adjust your thinking and methods to better suit new or unplanned situations (whether it’s for your daily tasks or your work environment). 
ScrapedJobID92:
Manages multi-platform networks and infrastructure comprised of high-performance network storage and a large rendering/compute farm with thousands of users across multiple locations Improves and pushes DevOps, infrastructure-as-code, and CI/CD systems to the next level Strong Linux and Windows admin/engineering experience Comfortable writing tools or automation in scripting languages (e.g. Python, Bash, Powershell) Experience using configuration management tools such as Puppet, Salt, or Ansible Experience in using development tools such as git, Jenkins, Jira Excellent organizational and time management skills, strong attention to detail Experience managing large multi-platform environments - mixed Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments Experience with Chocolately, Glazier, or other open-source Windows deployment systems Proficiency with network design and protocols such as DNS, DHCP, VLANs, routing protocols, firewalls Experience managing high-performance network-attached storage environments Visual effects or other media vertical experience 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID93:
Collaborate with a dynamic team Contribute in a fast-paced environment Learn from our professionals Grow your abilities and your confidence Gain an understanding of MNP’s services, businesses and industry Tackle multifaceted problems Be challenged and exposed to a range of projects Use what you have learned in the classroom Have fun! Participate in the delivery of cyber security services including risk assessments, compliance audits, maturity assessments, policy and procedure development and incident handling and response exercises Assist in delivering industry and technical expertise in information security through client interactions, research and analysis, reports, technical work, management presentations and proposals Obtain, analyze and evaluate audit documentation, reports, data and flowcharts Document detailed process and control explanations and prepare findings and recommendations Contribute to the development of new ideas and tools to improve existing work processes Select and conduct a work term project and report that provides both a learning opportunity and lasting impact to the Cyber Security Services team Maintain flexibility to travel, as necessary Working towards post-secondary education in a related field Enrolled in the Co-op program at your post-secondary institution Working knowledge of information security control frameworks including ISO27001/2, NIST 800-53/800-171, PCI DSS and CIS CSC Working knowledge of incident handling and forensics techniques Exposure to risk management frameworks including OpenFAIR, ISO 31000, ISO 27005 and NIST 800-30 
ScrapedJobID94:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Evaluate Firm cloud security requirements and assess how these can be implemented into Detect, Respond, Prevent and Hygiene cloud controls Use Prisma Cloud or equivalent to enforce and monitor these controls Develop and generate compliance reports that showcase the cloud infrastructure’s drift management status Work with resource owners to remediate configuration drifts Defining priorities, coordinating with peer teams, and leading continuous improvement efforts of security tools, systems and processes Research, investigate and implement newer technologies to continually evolve security capabilities Enhance monitoring and alerting of the platform infrastructure Working closely with vendors to develop, deploy, and test Cloud security services Troubleshooting problems, analyzing root cause, and (where possible) fixing bugs introduced by owned or managed security solutions Collaborating with Risk Management, Security Architecture, and Cyber Incident Response teams to ensure necessary controls to Cloud services are deployed and tested Working in a globally distributed team to provide innovative and robust Cloud-centric solutions Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, IT or Engineering is preferred 3+ years of experience in a similar role Experience with cloud security systems such as Prisma Cloud, Azure Security Center, AWS security Hub Experience generating requirements for securing cloud resources Knowledge of the Azure and AWS cloud services and their configuration policies Experience writing technical documentation Strong communication and written skills Good understanding of access control mechanisms, networks and infrastructure security Knowledge of vulnerability management and compliance reporting Experience with Palo Alto Prisma Cloud’s RQL querying language Hands-on technical experience designing and/or deploying solutions to support operations or maintain Microsoft Azure and/or Amazon Web Services environments Knowledge of markup languages such as JSON and YAML Knowledge of Azure policy, AWS Lambda, Azure blueprint Working knowledge of a scripting and programming languages (JavaScript, Python, GO, PowerShell) Knowledge of Agile best practices and methodologies Understanding of current risks and threats to use of public cloud Cloud certification in Azure and AWS Security certification such as CISSP, GIAC, CISM, OSCP or equivalent Configuration management and patch management using automated tools Experience with governance, risk and cybersecurity frameworks such NIST CSF, COBIT 5, ISO 27001/2, ITIL Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID95:
Application Security - guide and advise partners on a broad range of specific Technology Controls and Information Security programs, policies, standards and incidents. Participate in large project – everything from AppSec tools evaluation & integration, integrate security into the DevOps pipeline Support assessments related to risk, controls, implemented control procedures, vulnerability etc.. Actively contribute to the definition, development, and oversight of a global security management strategy and framework. Ensure technology, processes, and governance are in place to monitor, detect, prevent, and react to both current and emerging technology and security threats to TD. Apply a teamwork philosophy with technology and partners, service or platform owners to integrate all technology security components and address control gaps. Consult on regulatory compliance requirements, reporting and questions. Provide support and consulting for Audits, help compose management responses and appropriate remediation activities. Participate in computer security incident responses relevant to business (or enterprise wide), represent your respective position to the business while conveying their needs to the incident response team. Adhere to policies, procedures, technology control standards and regulatory guidelines. Contribute to internal activity and process review, flag windows for improvement. Adhere to, advise, oversee, monitor and enforce enterprise frameworks and methodologies related to technology controls / information security activities. Influence behavior to reduce risk, foster a strong technology risk management culture. Define, develop, implement and manage standards, policies, procedures, and solutions that mitigate risk and maximize security, service availability, efficiency and effectiveness. Manage relationships with other technology/business/corporate/control functions. Assess, identify and escalate issues appropriately. What can you bring to TD? Share your credentials, but your relevant experience and knowledge can be just as likely to get our attention. It helps if you have: University Degree or equivalent combination of experience and education. Information Security Certification / Accreditation an asset. 5-7 years of relevant experience. Firm commitment to staying informed and abreast of emerging issues, industry trends etc. Advanced knowledge of one or more technology controls or security domains, disciplines and practices. Sound to advanced knowledge of business, technology controls, security and risk issues. Demonstrated ability to participate in projects of moderate to high complexity. Ability and commitment to serve as a subject matter expert on business-specific, cross-functional and enterprise initiatives. Readiness to participate in projects of moderate to high complexity and provide complex reporting, analysis, and assessments at the functional, business line or enterprise level. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID96:
Troubleshoot application-related issues/inquiries and follow up with backend support when required Perform software administration, configuration, evolution (enhancement), upgrades and patches Analyze business needs, document requirements and design technical solutions with customers Develop concepts and best practices for security applications Participate in the planning, development and implementation of both cloud and on-premise infrastructure upgrades and migrations Create custom reports from different types of database sources Provide coaching and training to business users Develop and maintain procedures and documentation Participate in application portfolio management activities, including Product Lifecycle Management, Cost of Ownership, etc. Provide Functional Design Documents when required Perform incident handling, service restoration, logging and tracking Perform problem investigation and follow-up resolution, including defect resolution Ensure compliance with all appropriate CN IT standards (e.g. Security, Architecture, Project Delivery Methodology, SOX, ITIL, etc.) Interface with business colleagues, I&T Help Desk, IT Command Center (ITCC) , I&T support teams or Vendor Collaborate with other team members to improve overall support activities and product evolution activities. Define and execute enhancement / project activities around configuration, design specification and testing Provide SME knowledge and key requirements for the operationalization and support of the application Collaborate to the transition to core (T2C) to help enforce the support excellence standard. Ramp-up his/her knowledge on upcoming key technologies Generate automation ideas to help improve support effectiveness Design and implement suitable automated processes to optimise day-to-day support activities Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience Problem-solving and investigation skills Ability to meet deadlines Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Good communication, time management and interpersonal skills Ability to quickly understand assignments and work independently Ability to multi-task in a constantly evolving environment Knowledge of Identity Management or Cyber Security Working knowledge of ISIM, Saviynt, GRC, CyberArk, Multi-Factor Authentication, ServiceNow, Active Directory, SAP, Linux Experience configuring and customizing applications as administrator Hands-on experience dealing with databases JavaScript and SQL knowledge is an asset Minimum of 5 years experience with concepts, techniques, and tools in the development configuration, and management of production systems Minimum 3 years of experience in developing solutions for and/or supporting enterprise level security applications Experience with successful project implementation May be required to respond to emergency situations Rotating pager support 
ScrapedJobID97:
Do you want to participate in the monitoring of infrastructures, systems and computer applications in a company working in a highly technological field? Do you want to use your knowledge and experience in the IT field with the cloud and Windows systems with VMWare? Do you want to participate in the support of IT services in all Eddyfi NDT business offices around the world and set up, maintain and ensure the evolution of security services? Monitor, detect, investigate, analyze and respond to security events in the company; Design various strategies and defense systems against intruders; Develop new protection bases and update security systems; Maintain daily operations and data structures by overseeing operational performance; Management of firewalls and all security systems. Define, document and disseminate security policies; Hunt and detect threats in order to control them; Assist / carry out penetration tests, vulnerability analyzes and carry out specific research and analysis; Carry out user awareness campaigns and establish access control strategies; Be available on statutory holidays and weekends occasionally to provide coverage in emergency situations. You have a diploma or certification in cybersecurity or other relevant disciplines, or a combination of relevant training and experience; You have extensive knowledge of industry security practices and user behavior analysis; You have experience in defining and enforcing IT security policies. You have excellent skills in the implementation, administration and troubleshooting of security tools such as access controllers and firewalls; You have good skills in the design, architecture and implementation of networks, VMS, databases, security and Cloud; You have knowledge of Microsoft 365 and related technologies; You have knowledge of one or more scripting technologies such as PowerShell; You have experience in administration, support for infrastructure and facilities on different sites (equipment, material, food, environment); You are oriented towards teamwork and collaboration; You are recognized for your excellent organizational skills, your rigor, your ability to manage priorities and work under pressure; You have an ease in communicating with others and you have a fairly good command of the English language, both orally and in writing. Flexible working hours; Remote working available; New workspaces in an illuminated and modern working environment; Three weeks minimum vacation upon hiring; Five paid holidays (in addition to statutory holidays) during the close of business for the holiday season; Five floating holidays per year; Group insurance and a competitive RRSP program; An on-site gym with fun "trainings", yoga or dancing at lunchtime; Catering service at affordable prices with employer contribution; Reimbursement of contributions to a professional order; Parking and electrical terminals; Free coffee; Entertaining activities organized regularly by the Social Club. 
ScrapedJobID98:
Web Development Bootcamp Cohorts Introductory Program Cohorts Junior Developers Junior Data Scientists Cyber Security Minimum 1 years of professional experience in Software Development, Cyber Security, or Data Science. Experience in a range of popular technologies in Web Development, Cyber Security and/or Data Science.
Web Development: Javascript, React, Ruby/Rails, NodeJS, PostgreSQL
Data Science: Python, Java, R
Cyber Security: Linux and Windows, Javascript, Python Web Development: Javascript, React, Ruby/Rails, NodeJS, PostgreSQL Data Science: Python, Java, R Cyber Security: Linux and Windows, Javascript, Python A strong understanding of open source development workflows using tools such as Github Any experience in teaching, mentoring, or tutoring is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID99:
Ensuring timely delivery of IT work programs and conducting quality assurance / reviews of work program deliverables. This includes substantial operational tasks, research, reporting and troubleshooting activities, participating in the delivery of infrastructure, operational and security projects with internal and external stakeholders (eg service providers and clients) Conducting the investigation of operational incidents under the direction of the Director of Infrastructure, Lead Security Analyst and / or service partners. This includes coordination of activities with IT, business functions and external stakeholders. Creating lessons learned and process improvement strategy. Assisting to provide advice and guidance to Firm stakeholders in matters pertaining to infrastructure, operations, policy compliance and security. Management of risk profiles pertaining to infrastructure technologies and operations; and providing recommendations to mitigate risks. Participating in projects to provide subject matter expertise and advice from an infrastructure, operational and security perspective. Other duties as required. (This establishes the premise that the job's essential duties are not all inclusive, and other functions may be added dependent on the situation) Post secondary diploma in an Information Technology discipline. Minimum of 3 years of information technology experience, 1 year of which is in an infrastructure, network or security role. Possess broad range of infrastructure and operational knowledge (server operations, monitoring, trouble-shooting, network routing and switching, security & access controls, messaging, database administration, storage operation, backup & recovery, data center operations, etc.) and systems development life cycle experience in multiple technological platforms. Knowledge of ITIL and project management disciplines preferred. Asset certifications Microsoft, Cisco and / or Security certification's an asset. MCSA, CCNA, SSCP, or higher etc. Knowledge with ISO 27001/27002 and / or SANS / CAG Top 20 is an asset. Ability to acquire, apply and maintain a body of knowledge related to the field. This includes technical knowledge of infrastructure and security solutions pertaining to Network, datacenter, IaaS, SaaS, Virtualization, Firewalls, EndPoint and network security tools and services, multi-factor authentication, PKI, MDM, Identity Management, access controls, etc. Scripting, analysis, reporting. Incident management, Vulnerability management and business awareness and education. Fundamental knowledge of…
Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP)
Cisco Intra / Internetworking
Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA)
Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video)
Wireless Infrastructure
RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server)
Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls)
Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security
Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP) Cisco Intra / Internetworking Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA) Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video) Wireless Infrastructure RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server) Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls) Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) 
ScrapedJobID100:
056710 Conduct vulnerability assessments of applications and systems using various open source and commercial tools Conduct penetration test and launch exploits using Cobalt Strike, Mimikatz, Bloodhound, Sharpview, Kerberoasting, NMAP, Metaspoilt, Backtrack and other penetration testing tools To carry out advanced technical analysis on application and systems intrusions Analyze scan reports and suggest remediation / mitigation plan Providing client specific reports Hands on experience on Infrastructure, Networks, Web Application, Web Services/API, Databases, Mobile application, etc Demonstration of proof of concepts for exploits, manual penetration testing Knowledge on open source and commercial security assessment tools e.g. Cobalt Strike, Burpsuit, Nessus, Appscan, nmap etc. Security configuration review of database /servers / firewalls / switches / routers, etc Knowledge of operating systems preferably windows, linux etc. network equipment’s system & network hardening Research and maintain proficiency in computer application exploitation, tools, techniques, countermeasures, and trends in computer application vulnerabilities Certified Ethical Hacker (C|EH), Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), Certified Penetration Tester (CPT) or a related cyber security credential is a plus. Working experience in OT is a plus Bachelor’s degree or diploma in a cyber-related discipline (e.g. Cybersecurity, network engineering, computer science, information systems, software engineer, programming, etc.). Certified Ethical Hacker (C|EH) Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) Certified Penetration Tester (CPT) a plus 
ScrapedJobID101:

ScrapedJobID102:
Work with the team to complete annual certifications in ISO 27001, ISO 27701 and PCI-DSS (payment card industry) by assistance and leading in evidence collections, reviews, and quality control Investigate and maintain documentation of security breaches and other cyber security incidents. Setup and manage penetration testing with our chosen partners Develop company-wide best practices for IT security. Respond and complete Information Security questionnaires/onboarding for our top clients Develop and maintain IT and Security governance documentation, process and policies Establish and manage vendor and supplier management processes and audits Manage various third party SAAS products for our company Research security enhancements and make recommendations to management Train users and promotes security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency. Assist and perform internal IT and PCI, ISO27701 and ISO27001 audits and process reviews Stay up-to-date on IT and PCI trends, news and security standards Other duties may be assigned Strong English communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills with both business and technical stakeholders. Strong knowledge of MS Office suite of products Understanding of firewalls, proxies, antivirus, and IDPS concepts. Understanding of security controls to protect information systems consistent within the industry. Excellent attention to detail and documentation Diploma or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, IT security, a related field, or a diploma/certificate/degree in Information Systems, Information Technology, or a related area. Minimum of 3 years of experience working IT Security environment Ability to work under tight timelines and competing priorities. Critical thinking & thought leadership on project and/or program management. Prior experience in incident identification/analysis and escalation procedures an asset Understanding of PCI, ISO 27001 and 27701 or related security frameworks considered an asset. At least one security or IT certification would be an asset or working towards certification. Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID103:
poursuivre le développement des outils et processus de réponse aux incidents cybernétiques; maintenir une veille des menaces et vulnérabilités en matière de cybersécurité; participer à l’analyse et au processus de gestion des vulnérabilités; soutenir l’équipe en matière de réponse aux incidents TI; participer aux autres activités du CSO. Être un étudiant en technologies de l’information ou dans tout autre domaine connexe ou jugé pertinent; Avoir des connaissances en cybersécurité; Posséder un diplôme d’études collégiales en technologies de l’information sera considéré comme un atout. Polyvalence, débrouillardise et grande autonomie; Bonne capacité d’investigation, d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Bonne connaissance de l’informatique; Souci d’offrir un bon service à la clientèle. Du Lundi au Vendredi 
ScrapedJobID104:
Triage all incoming request to Information Security mailbox, ensuring timely and consistent responses to various request types. Gather additional information from requestors via email or phone where required. Ensure that requestors are aware of the status of their requests. Identify continuous improvements to the IS Front Door program to ensure efficiency, consistency, and scalability across Bell. Support the development of automated Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) tools through use case development, testing, and deployment activities. Develop program documentation in collaboration with other team members, and participate in cross-training activities. Collaborate with other IS Team to understand their processes and reduce silos across IS. Seek clarification from other IS Team members in cases where processes are not clear. Contribute to Key Performance Indicator reporting. Support Information Security leaders and peers with additional requests and tasks BA or BS in Information Technology, Cyber Security, Information Management, or related fields of study Experience with ticket ingestion, and tracking outcomes Experience with ticket management tools (e.g.: JIRA, RSAM, Archer, ServiceNow, etc.) Experience documenting and reviewing business processes related to Information Technology Knowledge of Information Technology Risk Management practices is an asset, including any related certifications or credentials (e.g.: CISM, CRISC, Security+, RIMS, PMI-RMP, CRM, etc.) Solid oral and written communication and presentation skills Proven track record of successfully managing numerous small initiatives in a fast-paced environment Highly self-motivated with a proactive and creative approach to problem solving Excellent decision making and organization skills High level of computer proficiency with Microsoft Office tools (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Project, etc.) Bilingualism is an asset (French/English) Must pass a security clearance check including criminal record check. Must be able to obtain a Government of Canada Security Clearance. 
ScrapedJobID105:
Support the IT application penetration testing program Ability to configure, implement, and maintain security testing tools as well as the configuration of data sources for metric reporting/tracking Working knowledge of Risk and Compliance (GRC) tools as well as collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence Perform security testing of applications, networks and infrastructures, including vulnerability assessments, and manual testing techniques, penetration testing; Identify new and emerging cyber risks and prepare recommendations for appropriate countermeasures, including, but not limited to, new technology investments, new standards, changes in policy or reconfiguration of existing systems or business processes. Collaborate with various Client’s internal stakeholders as well as external partners; Produce security assessment reports and distribute to IT Support teams (for remediation); Ability to document and educate stakeholders on the findings; Ability to research, recommend, and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance application and systems security; Provide feedback on operational and procedural documentation as required; Ability to serve as subject matter expert on IT security tools, polices, and controls; Take an active role in security-related audits and inquiries; Ability to keep up to date on the latest security regulations, advisories, alerts and vulnerabilities; and Supporting member as required to the IT Security team Contribute to the team skills development and knowledge sharing Minimum of 5 years professional work experience in security testing Experience with security testing tools and methodologies in conducting vulnerability and application security assessments Working knowledge with Python or other scripting knowledge Ability to analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks. A track record of results and effectiveness in applications technical support, trouble-shooting and analysis, problem resolution, and service availability and reliability improvement roles. Think analytically and synthesize technical information from various sources High level of personal integrity, and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and demonstrate a high level of judgment and maturity. Excellent skills of verbal and written communications, relationship building, and influencing others. Solid understanding of IT, Network and Security environments Strong hands-on experience with vulnerability assessment and penetration testing tools Extensive experience with advanced security testing techniques A security based professional qualification desirable (e.g. OSCP, Security+, GPEN, GCIH...) Bachelor’s degree in technology-related field or the equivalent work experience Strong knowledge operating system internals and operations Knowledge of offensive and defensive security operational tactics. Understanding of industrial framework such as NIST, MITRE ATT&CK, OWASP, PCI-DSS, ITIL and/or other compliance frameworks. Bilingual in French and English would be an asset. Strong and structured scripting/coding skills. Knowledge of code repositories, automation technologies, cloud and containers Strong knowledge of Metasploit Framework, Burpsuite, Kali Linux, Python 
ScrapedJobID106:
Maintain multiple vulnerability programs Identify & implement automation wherever possible Track lifecycle of security vulnerabilities Prioritizing vulnerabilities discovered along with remediation timeline(s) Complete end-to-end VA to remediation support process Manage/update GRC tools Update/implement dashboards and reports for all vulnerability programs Participate collecting, assessing, and cataloging threat indicators Interaction with multiple global teams (security architecture, penetration testing, application development, network teams, etc. Think analytically and synthesize technical information from various sources High level of personal integrity, and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and demonstrate a high level of judgment and maturity. Excellent skills of verbal and written communications, relationship building, and influencing others. Bachelor’s degree in technology-related field, or in computer science with a specialization in telecommunications, or the equivalent work experience Bilingualism in French and English is required. Hands-on experience working with Prisma Cloud tool Hands-on experience deploying security solutions with at least one of the 3 major cloud types AWS, Azure, or GCP Having completed a certification in one of the 3 major cloud types AWS, GCP or Azure A security based professional qualification desirable (e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, GPEN) Knowledge of ISO 2700x, ITIL, and PCI-DSS. Minimum of 5 years professional work experience in information security Experience with security testing tools and methodologies in conducting vulnerability and application security assessments (AppScan & Tenable) Ability to analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure in order to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks. A track record of results and effectiveness in applications technical support, trouble-shooting and analysis, problem resolution, and service availability and reliability improvement roles. 
ScrapedJobID107:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Computer Internet access Java MS Office C# Salesforce Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID108:
Azure Devops: 7 years (preferred) Microsoft Azure: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID109:

ScrapedJobID110:
Provide consulting and technical expertise in the development of a strategy for the evolution of the NGN with the provision of network connectivity and cybersecurity services to school districts. Develop or contribute to create a technical roadmap for the implementation of the new strategy. Participates or conducts joint planning sessions with stakeholders, analyzes and documents business needs, and defines requirements. Research solutions and develops or contributes to feasibility studies/business cases (i.e. requirements analyses, information strategy plans, project proposals, risk assessment, cost benefit analysis, revenue implications, affect on program area resources, alternatives, policy/process impacts, within government / ministry / school districts/ industry IT standards) and includes recommendations for best solution Prepares Request for Proposals required for the implementation of the NGN Technical Roadmap. Drafts or contributes to documentation to secure approval and funding Report on technology trends in BC school districts and recommendation for connectivity and cybersecurity services Technical roadmap Business case to support the recommendation and technical solution Statement of work for future Request for Proposal for the implementation of the solution Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday IM/IT/Network Systems and Sector: 10 years (required) Federal, provincial, municipal or crown Corporation: 5 years (preferred) IM/IT business analysis and strategic planning: 3 years (required) developing technical roadmap and cost benefit analysis: 3 years (required) work with teams on large scale ($10M) RFPs: 1 year (preferred) IM/IT K-12 education sector: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID111:
Develop and implement security protocols and documentation Develop assessments for early detection of threats Apply knowledge of testing tools and methods Configure firewalls, Manage incidents if, and when, they occur Internal and external communications regarding security matters A professional security designation (CISSP, CISM) is an asset University degree or technical diploma in related field Minimum of 5 years of experience in Cyber security - pharma experience is an asset Excellent written and spoken communications skills Proven skills in network, operating systems, cloud infrastructure Understanding of identity management and authentication as well as encryption Familiar with data analytic platforms as the security applications Competitive salary, bonus, stock incentives, training available 
ScrapedJobID112:
Coordinate and lead the global security research activities and projects Develop IT security research roadmaps and projects, monitor the global IT security landscape for relevant developments Advise and influence corporate management on IT security topics related to electric power infrastructure products Advise Hitachi ABB Power Grids R&D units on security weaknesses and mitigations and evangelize for security and support incident response teams with deep technical expertise Develop security architectures for embedded systems and IoT/cloud applications and new security mechanisms customized to application domain and architecture Identify weaknesses in embedded systems and IoT/cloud applications by means of conceptual analysis of requirements, architecture and design documents as well as hands-on penetration testing Develop and audit processes for secure development and operations of critical infrastructure systems, participate in the development of standards and policies Advise and influence Hitachi ABB Power Grids business units towards commercialization of R&D project results Doctorate or MS degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering. Example courses that are of particular interest: OS security, Cryptography, Cloud security, Reverse Engineering. Lead position requires 5 years of experience after Doctorate degree Deep knowledge of security vulnerabilities, security measures as well as the methodology to find such vulnerabilities (code review, fuzzing, etc.) Experience with vulnerability research tools and experience with creating your own. This is not a position that involves network administration, running automated tools, generating automated reports (see section on skills not of interest). Rather we are looking for those who understand the first principles & can derive new vulnerabilities and security opportunities. Software/Hardware development experience beneficial Experience with industrial/utility domain, systems, and standards beneficial but not required Relevant certifications (e.g. GIAC courses on vulnerability research, OSCE) welcome Experience with industrial/utility communication protocols (e.g. DNP3, IEC 61850, Modbus, IEC 104) and their security extensions beneficial Excellent spoken and written communication skills in English and good presentation skills Project management experience Desire to continuously improve yourself and the organization around you. Creativity to find innovative and realistic solutions to new (and old) challenges. Drive to achieve objectives in time. Contact network in academia beneficial Canadian citizenship and/or ability to acquire security clearance required 
ScrapedJobID113:
Contribute to Python development of automated processes for the Security Orchestration, Automation, & Response (SOAR) platform Maintenance and Administration of the Security Orchestration, Automation, & Response (SOAR) platform Cross train with various security teams to understand functions and gain insight into automation opportunities Collaborate with security and technology teams in improving monitoring and alerting infrastructure processes and tools Develop and implement automation use cases, procedures, and other technical documentation Develop and maintain required documentation for security tools and processes to support and maintain Sun Life’s strong security posture Identify and recommend operation improvements University degree or college diploma program in Computer Science, Engineering or comparable professional education/training in a field relevant to IT Security. Python language Designing and building complex workflows and system integrations with REST API’s UNIX/Linux, Windows and Containerization AWS service (such as EC2, Lambda, RDS, SQS etc) in SOAR products Knowledge of cyber security tools such as SIEM, IDS, EDR Skills in agile development methodologies with attention to code quality while delivering secure code Keeping up with current technology trends and innovations bringing new techniques and project ideas to the team Excellent written communication skills and presentation skills Problem solving quickly to identify potential problems in multi-threaded, multi-process code Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security An environment of continuous learning and improvement Flexible hours and periodic work from home options 
ScrapedJobID114:
Monitor organization’s networks for security breaches and investigate violations as necessary. Recommend additional security solutions or enhancements to existing solutions to improve overall enterprise security. Perform technical IT security evaluations, vulnerability assessments, coordinate the execution of these within the corporate context, as well as oversee the remediation activities associated with vulnerability findings. Monitor current trends of malware and intrusions and recommend enhancements to current security protection systems. Make recommendations to Information Technology security and emergency measures policies and procedures. Maintain and operate information security technologies including, but not limited to, Network Intrusion Prevention Systems, Enterprise Anti-Virus Systems, Enterprise Host Intrusion Prevention Systems, Firewalls, Patch Management Systems, End Point Encryption, and Security Incident Management Systems. Monitor firewall logs, intrusion prevention logs, and network traffic for unusual or suspicious activity. Manage database security and internal and external information exchange Recommend, schedule, and apply fixes and security patches to information security technologies and end-user computing devices as necessary. Assist in overseeing the creation and enforcement of policies, procedures and associated plans for information security and access controls based on industry best practice and managerial direction. Participates in both project and operationally focused initiatives regarding end user security protection technologies and implementing standards/processes. Operationalize Internal Audit, Compliance, and security architectural guidelines, standards, for IT Security, implementing and communicating standard tools and practices. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field of study or college diploma with equivalent work experience. Minimum of 5 years progressive experience in information technology. Minimum 5 years of experience in information systems security. Prior experience administrating healthcare security systems preferred. CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) certificate required; candidates currently working towards certification will be considered. Familiarity with virtual environments, SAN technology, time and project management, technical writing, ITIL v3 considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID115:
Manage the website. You should know how to make small HTML, JavaScript, and CSS changes to the website bravomath.com. Manage email services, including backend-ish things like MX records and cPanel, creating new accounts, getting it to talk to my gmail inbox, etc. Prevent and respond to these kinds of errors and messages. Establish a simpler and more reliable blogging method. Establish basic protocols for IT security and backups. Help write part of the Bravo Math Operations Manual for IT. [This will allow you to systematize your work and qualify for more responsibilities and pay down the road.] Work without supervision while tracking your hours and results. Flexible schedule Vancouver, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID116:
Validate operating effectiveness of IT general controls Follow-up on and validate penetration test remediation Must be able to develop and maintain security documentation and standards Plan and execute risk assessments including 3 rd party risk Use of various security tools for scanning, monitoring, and reporting on compliance of systems to security standards. Providing technical knowledge of platforms – Windows, Unix, Linux, networking, databases, etc. Agile and innovative individual, able to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity to help us take bold and strategic moves in this rapidly evolving retail environment Creative thinker who takes initiative Problem solver with the ability to analyze and prioritize to meet business objectives Collaborative team player with superior influencing skills, who builds relationships easily Exceptional communication skills with the confidence and passion to share knowledge Creative thinker who is observant to seek new opportunities and perceptive to abstract ideas Goal driven individual to seek out continuous improvement opportunities The ability to take a collaborate approach to build strong relationships and have positive team experiences Flexible and dynamic individual who is able to adjust and prioritize accordingly to adapt to business demands and requirements Solid foundation of relevant technical skills Demonstrates behaviours of transparency, accountability agility and learning from others that will support your success Security governance frameworks, cyber security policies and standards Principles of independent security testing Security scanning tools for systems and applications Technologies Linux, Windows, AIX, databases, web or cloud-based applications Network and Security Appliances and Firewalls OWASP concepts and their application IT risk and control frameworks, CobIT, NIST & ISO27001 Understand System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process and agile methodologies Strong documentation and communication skills to report to management and technical teams Criminal Background Checks 
ScrapedJobID117:
Works with various technical leads and system/network administrators to better understand and mitigate risks in their environments. Identifies areas of risk in University and third-party systems that may lead to the possibility of being attacked or harmed and classifies these risks based on a wide variety of criteria such as risk ratings, criticality, availability of exploit code, ease of exploitation, results of a successful exploitation, required expertise etc. Remediates vulnerabilities by working with appropriate system and service owners to ensure they have a complete picture of where their risk exists and a reasonable plan to address these risks. Acts as a first responder for detected system breaches and account compromises by assessing the situation and determining the appropriate points of follow-up or escalation Ensures forensic integrity and chain-of-custody is maintained for all analyzed media, devices and resources involved in a potential breach or compromise Provides technical security subject matter expertise to third party law enforcement agencies Upgrades firewall and VPN operating systems and associated software to ensure current code releases and bug fixes are implemented Works with various stakeholders across campus to consolidate firewalls to the IST managed central firewall and VPN service Maintains the base configuration image and documentation for new firewall and VPN deployments. Builds and develops custom threat signatures to keep pace with emerging threats as required Maintains all aspects of the Intrusion Prevention and Detection deployment, in-house developed plaintext password sniffer, as well as third-party intelligence gathering technologies including network taps, and network security monitoring servers and software Maintain campus wide network, endpoint and sandbox based anti-malware systems Integrate anti-malware systems with newly acquired security technologies to increase points of visibility into the campus network Review anti-malware alerts to determine potentially compromised devices and follow-up with the appropriate system owner Review malware samples to determine false positives or false negatives and action accordingly Review behavioural detections and indicators to determine if a potential compromise has happened Present on various security topics to a wide range of campus audiences as required Liaison with other units, roles and individuals throughout campus to develop effective security related training Participates in the Security team's weekly 24/7 on-call rotation Responds to after-hours and weekend requests for assistance with security related duties Troubleshoots unexpected or unplanned outages and works with other members of IST or the University community to see the incident through to completion University degree in a related field or 2-year information technology diploma Any combination of one or more of the following professional designations is preferred: CEH, GSEC, OSCP, CCNP Security, Security+, CISSP Knowledge of TCP/IP, encryption fundamentals, firewall/VPN/IPS systems, vulnerability management, mobile device management, etc. Knowledge of Window/Mac/Linux operating systems Knowledge of current and emerging threats Knowledge of ITSM is desirable Knowledge of Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) concepts Knowledge of information security standards such as NIST, ISO 27001, and CIS Excellent written and oral communication skills Excellent ability to communicate complex topics and ideas to a wide variety of audiences Ability to work independently and within a team environment 
ScrapedJobID118:
Manages direct and indirect resources, including coaching, development, and performance management activities, in accordance with established policies and guidelines. Participates as a member of the CIO Leadership Team and supports the CIO in executing strategies and over-arching plans within the context of the security function. Answers indirectly and serves as a subject matter expert to the CRO. Serves as an advisor to senior management, IT peers and business stakeholders with respect to business risk from an information security, privacy, compliance and business impact potential and ensure plans are in place to address the risk. Creates and maintains First West's enterprise security architecture design; formulates security roadmaps, plan for strategic security solution deployments, long term cyber security plan, and annual cyber security functional plan. Prepares reports, recommendations or alternatives that address existing and potential gaps in IT security operations. Proactively recommends updates and upgrades to security infrastructure to counter changing threat patterns. Recommends or develops practical IT operational practices and procedures as it relates to IT security, including those for end users, production operations and legal compliance. Leads IT related security audit, compliance and regulatory initiatives; serves as the internal IT Security Compliance Officer; partners with corporate risk, internal audit, HR and other business stakeholders on internal and external audits and compliance; conducts IT security risk assessments when required as part of new initiatives and/or change management; manages the IT security incident response plan; and reviews and assists investigations. Maintains strong external connections with IT security professionals from other credit unions and organizations (e.g. LCUC and CUSSG). In collaboration with CIO and other IT leaders, develops and oversees the cyber security department and related operating budget. Security certification (CISSP, SANS or ICRM) (required) Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Minimum of seven years hands-on experience in IT infrastructure relating to areas of hardware, software, LAN and WAN connectivity, desktops, mobile devices, and firewalls Minimum of five years working experience in a Senior IT Security operational or management role Proven experience in developing, administering and leading an IT security program for mid to large organizations Exposure to IT security and Financial Industry experience is considered an asset Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office products Working technical knowledge of current systems software, operating systems, networking protocols and standards, cyber security hardware and software solutions i.e. SIEM Ability to establish cordial professional working relationships, communicate and effectively obtain buy-in from IT and business stakeholders for IT security initiatives which are often less than popular Strong leadership ability to lead a security team and security operations Strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills with a keen attention to detail Excellent negotiation and customer services skills and ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences A competitive base salary plus performance-based incentive compensation Annual merit pay increases Flexible benefits as well as support for retirement benefits Vacation time, a flexible "Day4U" and the option to purchase up to five additional vacation days Other financial perks such as our Employee Banking Advantages which includes waived or reduced financial service fees, reduced rates on personal loans, mortgages and no-interest loans on lifestyle-related items that promote health, wellness, learning and business aptitude 
ScrapedJobID119:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Mail server software Project management software Software development Mapping and data visualization software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID120:
This will be the first dedicated Cybersecurity person on the IT team – so far they have been relying on vendors/consultants to manage cyber (outsourced SOC, relying on consultants for pen testing and audits, etc) This person will have no team to manage (for now) and will focus on cyber – from policy/governance/compliance to tools (Proofpoint, Crowdstrike, etc), audits, etc This is a great role for someone who wants to come in and 'own’ cybersecurity at the company 7+ years in IT infrastructure positions, escalating to server/network and cyber security position(s) Proven experience with hands-on cybersecurity projects on tools and processes that deal with Siem, Email protection, network protection, endpoint protection, etc Proven experience with cybersecurity strategy items (eg policy, compliance, governance, risk/audit) Experience with vulnerability assessments, TRAs, incident response, patching policies, etc Experience with security frameworks (ISO, COBIT, NIST, etc) Knowledge of network infrastructure and the associated network protocols and concepts. CISSP Certification Ability to commute to Markham part-time Bachelor’s degree in an IT-related discipline is an asset Strong Project Management is an asset Experience with tools like Crowdstrike, Proofpoint, Fortinet is an asset Experience with building security ecosystem from scratch is an asset 
ScrapedJobID121:
Overtime pay Work from home 8 hour shift Cyber Security: 5 years (required) IT Audit: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID122:
Provide technical consulting services to clients on the network security controls required for the development of enhancements and the implementation of new and/or ongoing business systems. Provide security subject matter expertise to clients in proactive analysis or in incident response scenarios; Investigate security breaches and other cyber security incidents Monitor endpoint behaviors and network activities for security issues and take mitigative actions to contain the activity and minimize damage according to policy. Document security incidents by creating investigation and escalation tickets according to internal corporate policies and client policies. Stay up-to-date on information technology trends, security standards and IT security news. Troubleshoot internal & external tools to recommend improvements by providing pertinent information and resources. Conduct network monitoring and intrusion detection analysis to determine if there have been any attacks on the system Answers clients’ inquiries via phone or email in a professional and timely manner; University degree in Computer Science or college diploma from a related program Relevant experience in a similar role Good working knowledge of Linux, Windows, and MacOS, including CLI for each; Office products Exceptional ability to multitask and attention to detail Ability to work independently and in a collaborative team environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills Energetic and positive attitude Related technical certifications are considered an asset This position is based in an office environment Shift work is mandatory as per the rotation schedule and includes day, evening, night and weekend shifts 
ScrapedJobID123:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID124:
Organize computer security architecture and develop detailed cyber security designs Review٫ develop and implement security measures for the protection of computer systems٫ networks and information including open-source/third party tools to assist with detection, prevention and analysis of security threats Define system security requirements and prepare reports Document, review and revise operating procedures and protocols Configure and troubleshoot security infrastructure devices Create technical solutions and new security tools to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks Perform support and consulting of the company's personnel about cyber security incidents and measures Prepare detailed reports including assessment-based findings٫ outcomes and propositions for further system security enhancement Share responsibility in incident response Design and deliver awareness training of the workforce on information security standards, policies and best practices Conduct periodic network scans to find any vulnerability Conduct penetration testing, simulating an attack on the system to find exploitable weaknesses Monitor networks and systems for security breaches by using software that detects intrusions and anomalous system behavior Investigate and resolve security breaches; may liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution Provide functional guidance and mentorship to junior staff Other duties/projects as assigned Completion of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science Eight to ten years of relevant experience in a similar environment An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered Proven work experience as a Cyber Security Analyst, System Engineer, Network Administrator, or similar role Extensive experience in cyber security systems, including content filtering, log management, firewalls authentication systems, anti-virus software, intrusion detection systems, etc. Experience with networking technologies and network security, security system, and network monitoring tools Detailed technical know-how of operating systems and database security Knowledge of risk assessment tools, technologies and methods Expertise in designing secure networks, systems and application architectures Disaster recovery, computer forensic tools, technologies and methods Expertise with mobile code, malicious code, and anti-virus software Endpoint security solutions, including file integrity monitoring and data loss prevention Expertise in cloud (Azure/AWS) security practices and concepts Exceptional knowledge of security standards Experience with Git or other source control Knowledge of Agile development processes Strong verbal and written communication skills Excellent organization and time-management skills Self-motivated, willing to learn quickly and continually A sense of urgency, quick to respond to needs of users with emphasis on providing good customer service A team player with an ability to work well with others Consciousness of network security and confidentiality Ability to work under pressure and manage competing interests An analytical mindset with robust problem-solving skills 
ScrapedJobID125:
Business Systems Analyst: 5 years (required) AML Cyber security: 1 year (required) No 
ScrapedJobID126:
Analyze and write market reports on networking and security market development, forecasting and vendor strategies with an emphasis on data security platforms, web security, and application security. Build and/or enhance data models for new and existing security markets. Design and conduct surveys, interview guides and data analyses. Participate in custom research projects. Develop and/or customize networking and cybersecurity research and consulting projects to meet the specific needs of the external customers. Travel to customer meetings and events, as required. Bachelors’ degree required; advanced degrees a plus Excellent writing skills 2+ years of applicable technology industry and/or analyst experience, and be able to demonstrate a proven track record of written deliverables Ability to rapidly develop content based on analyst conversations, vendor briefings, and customer interviews Strong research and Excel skills are needed – additional abilities in other data management or analytics platforms and tools a plus Networking and/or security certifications preferred 
ScrapedJobID127:
Conduct vulnerability assessments of critical electric infrastructure, for both compliance and security purposes. Perform detailed, post event analysis of unusual events, and direct needed procedure or process changes in response. Maintain knowledge of the cyber security capabilities of operating systems, networking devices, control systems, and vendor offerings. Maintain a broad knowledge of current and emerging state-of-the-art computer/network systems technologies, architectures, and products. Work methodically and analytically in a quantitative problem-solving environment. Resolve technical issues and the implications to the business and be able to communicate them with other operation departments within the business. Execute the planning, design, development and implementation of technical controls, procedures and policy associated with compliance to cyber security regulatory standards. Develop regulatory policies & procedures, secure process control network design, technical and design recommendations for the implementation of firewalls and other network security and compliance controls. Provide technical documentation of network traffic as well as firewall services/solutions including explanations and diagrams. Strong customer focus Excellent technical writing and oral communication skills Demonstrated ability to work on assigned projects with minimal supervision Experience executing penetration tests on wired and wireless networks Experience and/or familiarity with system security configurations for Windows and Linux systems Experience and/or familiarity with security configurations for switches, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, intrusion protection systems, and other network-attached devices Experience and familiarity with vulnerability assessment methodologies and information gathering tools such as Nessus, Wireshark, Nmap, and equivalents Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in Cybersecurity, Information Technology, Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical field with 3 years of appropriate experience or 7 years combined education and applicable experience Minimum of 5-7 years of technical hands-on experience with firewalls and other network technologies Understanding of security principles and good knowledge of cyber security technologies, backed up with suitable credentials or certifications. Experience with cyber security vulnerability assessments, penetration tests, and the tools/techniques involved in both. Experience in the capabilities and/or configuration of cyber security controls, specifically those relating to firewalls, access control, authentication, anti-virus/anti-malware, patching and hotfix, logging. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills. Ability to operate under pressure and under tight deadlines, to operate in on-site industrial (Electric Power) work, and occasional night and weekend work. Demonstrated capability to make sound decisions based on good security practices and principles. Experience with corporate policies and procedures and/or technical writing skills. Experience with network routing, switching, and TCP/IP. Experience with physical cabling for network communications and control system I/O. CISSP certification (additional certifications with Cisco, VMWare, or Microsoft are a plus) Knowledge and understanding of the NIST SP 800 series, the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, SANS Institute Center for Internet Security 20 Critical Security Controls, PCI-DSS, HIPAA or other standards Previous systems administration experience Previous network engineering experience Experience working with personnel at all levels of an organization Ability to clear a 7-year background check. 
ScrapedJobID128:
Help establish new MDR (Managed Detection and Response) service by working actively with initial clients. Evaluate cases for clients and guide resolution. You will have the ultimate decision making power. Investigate new and odd cases, establish precedent and documentation. Feed security system with decision to enable automation and scalability. Evaluate new security software and collaborate on implementation within the Managed Security team. Be in charge of cyber security watch, stay informed of new cyber threats affecting our market. Participate to Sherweb cybersecurity thought leadership by writing or collaborating on blog articles, talking at conferences, etc. Real passion for cyber security and related new technologies College diploma and/or university degree in technology Work in IT that included responsibility over cybersecurity Experience in analyzing security incidents and issues in any kind of enterprise Security certifications (CISSP, CEH, CISM, Security+, Microsoft MVP in a relevant domain) or personal work in security (hack-a-tons, blogs, etc.) are assets Knowledge of these technologies is an asset:
Office365
EPP/AV
Email Security
IaaS (Azure, AWS, GCE)
SaaS Office365 EPP/AV Email Security IaaS (Azure, AWS, GCE) SaaS Communication skills – Why? Because you will be expected to explain and vulgarize concepts by adapting the style and content of your messages to your audience (whether it’s internal client, external clients or your teammates). Organization and resourcefulness – Why? Because we don’t believe in micromanagement. You will need to figure out solutions on your own by using your skills, your knowledge and any relevant information you can get your hands on. Problem-solving skills – Why? Because when you will face a problem, you will first analyze the information before identifying the possible causes. You will then explore and implement the most efficient and logical solutions. Adaptability – Why? Because our industry evolves constantly. You will have to adjust your thinking and methods to better suit new or unplanned situations (whether it’s for your daily tasks or your work environment). 
ScrapedJobID129:
Drive Thinking Capital’s security platform forward as a security developer Design complete security and cryptographic solutions. Develop secure code to protect our APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, and partner integration platforms. Fully automate large-scale solutions to detect advanced threats to our online financial services. Develop and deploy security policies, standards, guidelines, tools, and frameworks. Perform threat modeling to prioritize the design and development of appropriate mitigations. 5+ years of computer, network, and communications security experience. Security analysis of web applications. Secure software development using web application frameworks. Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL. Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line. Working autonomously and being highly resourceful. Experience with agile, test-driven design methodology. BSC, MSC, or Ph.D. in computer science or engineering. Ruby on Rails, Python/Django Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Git or other version control systems Building a RESTful API Heroku, Kubernetes, Docker for production deployment Accounting, payment, billing, or other finance solutions We believe in innovation and vibrant culture - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID130:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be part of a global cross-disciplined agile team working towards DevOps practices within the firms Endpoint Security team. You will have strong Windows infrastructure/security knowledge and experience working in enterprise on-premises and cloud environments. You will have strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, coupled with excellent development, communication, and organizational skills. You will be responsible for continuously improving the quality of our technology solutions, through a range of methods including peer review, retrospectives and refactoring as required. Bachelor’s degree 5 years hands-on information technology experience Working knowledge of Active Directory and Windows client-server networking Ability to troubleshoot Windows environments Competency with any scripting language such as PowerShell, VBScript, Python, etc. Have an interest to learn/work with cybersecurity technologies Experience with Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection/Defender for Endpoint and the latest Microsoft E5 security product set Experience with Microsoft Cloud App Security Experience working in a DevOps/SRE aligned team Good knowledge of Azure and AWS Effective troubleshooting skills across hardware, OS, network and storage Experience of platform design, build and deployment, with a focus on continual service improvement Experience of working in an Agile environment Knowledge of containerization such as Docker Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID131:
SOC Analysts are tasked with the review of information security alerts and company information systems logs in an effort to identify deviations from security baselines, infections/compromises, and/or violations of policy. They will be expected to work with other InfoSec teams, both locally and globally, to support the documentation of security incidents, testing of Information Security tools, and building of SIEM content and reporting.
Analyze SIEM, other Security events and logs for the existence of security threats or incidents.
Work closely with local technical teams to understand IT infrastructure, test and evaluate technology for potential vulnerabilities, investigate and respond to security incidents, document security incidents and track to remediation.
Reporting on security threats or incidents for business and clients
Improve Security Operation Center processes
Incorporate Cyber intelligence in daily duties to identify potential security incidents
Assist SOC Management and Chain of Command as required
Additional duties as required in support of the cyber security role
To communicate and promote the values which reinforce and support a consistent quality culture of the SOC, to be quality driven, to aiming for 100% accuracy and to provided timeliness of delivery
Support a cSIRT in the event of Security Incident. Analyze SIEM, other Security events and logs for the existence of security threats or incidents. Work closely with local technical teams to understand IT infrastructure, test and evaluate technology for potential vulnerabilities, investigate and respond to security incidents, document security incidents and track to remediation. Reporting on security threats or incidents for business and clients Improve Security Operation Center processes Incorporate Cyber intelligence in daily duties to identify potential security incidents Assist SOC Management and Chain of Command as required Additional duties as required in support of the cyber security role To communicate and promote the values which reinforce and support a consistent quality culture of the SOC, to be quality driven, to aiming for 100% accuracy and to provided timeliness of delivery Support a cSIRT in the event of Security Incident. Strong written and verbal communication skills are essential Analytical thinker, attention to detail, technical skills and a problem solver Post-secondary education in Computer Science or related discipline strongly preferred Current CISSP, GCIH or 2-3 years equivalent work experience in information security or relevant I.T. role either essential Experience with vulnerability assessments would be beneficial Experience with incident handling process and procedures would be beneficial Experience in the use of SIEM technologies would be beneficial Currently working remotely, future consideration: Hybrid Schedule featuring 8-10 days in the office monthly combined with working from home Competitive base salary plus EXCELLENT benefits (including medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD and more)! RRSP Matching Program Global Flexible Time Off Policy (personal/vacation time) Sick Leave Policy Eligible for an annual performance-based bonus program Tuition Reimbursement up to 70% and Professional Development up to 100% Candidate Referral Program Business Casual dress code (includes jeans) 
ScrapedJobID132:
https://www.canada.ca/en/treasury-board-secretariat/news/2021/10/backgrounder-covid-19-vaccine-requirement-for-the-federal-workforce.html https://www.canada.ca/en/public-service-commission/jobs/services/gc-jobs/employment-equity.html https://www.canada.ca/en/public-service-commission/jobs/services/gc-jobs/applying-government-canada-jobs-how-to-apply.html#EE Effectively contributing to conducting technology and cyber risk assessments for FRFIs. Executing assessment work and special reviews, collaborating closely with Lead Supervisors in the assessment of controls, risk measurement and analysis of FRFIs Contributing to technology and cyber risk assessment work that supports effective risk management practices at FRFIs. Supporting and/or participating in onsite and/or desk examinations for the assessment of technology and cyber risk in FRFIs. Conducting approved assessments and analysis of defined risk practices; document findings, observations and reporting requirements; and contribute to the formulation of recommendations. Ensuring documentation is appropriately maintained; findings and recommendations are relevant, and that results are objectively supported. Assisting in the monitoring of FRFIs by analyzing operating reports and raising significant changes and results to the Lead Supervisor. Conducting research into current and emerging trends and matters of interest, particularly in the context of relevant risk area, to increase depth of technical knowledge and value add in the review and assessment of risk, and risk management practices within FRFIs Maintaining effective relationships with FRFIs to facilitate the exchange of information, assess trends and developments and to promote support for OSFI’s supervisory mandate. Providing observations and recommendations for improving and strengthening the application of OSFI’s Supervisory Framework in a defined context. You are an individual with a broad financial industry and risk management perspective. You are keenly interested in contributing your expertise to promote a safer financial system. You have sound knowledge of the current and emerging risks in the financial services industry. You understand the techniques used in the measurement, monitoring and management of current and emerging risks. You work well with others. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision-making. A degree or diploma from a post-secondary institution with specialization in information technology, information security, computer science, engineering, commerce, business, finance, economics, mathematics or other relevant field OR an acceptable combination of relevant professional industry experience and education. Recent and significant experience related to technology risk management and/or cyber risk in one of the following areas: Business or Technology Operations, system/data analysis, risk management, or a related control function (i.e. information security, business continuity, disaster recovery, operational risk or internal/external audit e.g. application audit, cyber security audit, IT governance, operational or technical risk audit). A graduate degree from a post-secondary institution. One or more of the following designations/certifications: GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT), Cloud Security Certification (CCSP), or other relevant designations. Recent and significant experience related to technology risk management and/or cyber risk in the financial services industry* in one of the following areas: Business or Technology Operations, system/data analysis, risk management, or a related control function (i.e. information security, business continuity, disaster recovery, operational risk or internal/external audit e.g. application audit, cyber security audit, IT governance, operational or technical risk audit). Recent and significant experience related to technology risk management and/or cyber risk in two of the following areas: Business or Technology Operations, system/data analysis, risk management, or a related control function (i.e. information security, business continuity, disaster recovery, operational risk or internal/external audit e.g. application audit, cyber security audit, IT governance, operational or technical risk audit). Recent and significant experience within the Federal Public Service Recent participation in cyber security incident handling (detection, monitoring, analysis and recovery). Recent experience in performing cyber security trend analysis. Financial services industry includes experience working in a financial institution, including banks, insurance companies, pension funds, wealth management firms, and accounting firms (dealing with audits), as well as government departments that directly deal with the supervision and regulation of these institutions, or other relevant areas. Knowledge of current and/or emerging technology or IT risks, issues or trends facing financial institutions. Knowledge of current and/or emerging information risks in financial institutions. Knowledge of current and/or emerging cyber security risks in financial institutions. Critical thinking Service Orientation Developing Myself Results Orientation Excellent Written Communication Skills Excellent Oral Communication Skills Knowledge of data science and analytic techniques (modeling, machine learning and artificial intelligence applications). Knowledge of technology risk, innovative FinTech products and/or cyber risk as they relate to the financial services industry. Knowledge of current and emerging business and environmental trends/issues as they relate to the financial services industry. Knowledge of the banking and/or insurance sectors including key products and functions, and the information and techniques used in their measurement and management. Basic understanding of OSFI’s Supervisory Framework. Impact and Influence Collaboration Professional Judgement Building Business Relationships Values and Organizational Commitment 
ScrapedJobID133:
Design and implement network security solutions for internal and customer use Document systems in architecture diagrams and configuration management tools Continually review and enhance security and traffic monitoring platforms Handle vulnerability and patch management platforms for internal and customer use cases Actively seek and suggest improvements to IT security infrastructure Utilize monitoring tools to manage capacity and availability Focus on task automation where reasonable to reduce overhead Procure new devices and connectivity Plan and document platform lifecycle management tasks Train frontline technical staff in security related system architectures, basic troubleshooting and diagnostic processes CISSP or equivalent certification Experience with varied network and security vendor platforms including Juniper, Cisco, Palo Alto, and Fortinet Experience with log collection/SIEM platforms and processes In-depth IPv4 and IPv6 routing knowledge, including BGP and OSPF protocols Hands-on experience with DDoS defense solutions Comfort in working in ticketing-based environment is required; ITIL background and/or training with a focus on incident, problem and change management Bilingual (French/English), strongly preferred Working knowledge of network supporting services such as DNS, NTP, RADIUS, PKI required CEGEP Diploma or Attestation in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Minimum 10 years of experience in the field is required, service provider experience preferred Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des solutions de sécurité réseau à usage interne et client Documenter les systèmes dans les diagrammes d'architecture et les outils de gestion de configuration Examiner et améliorer en permanence les plateformes de sécurité et de surveillance du trafic Gérer les plates-formes de gestion des vulnérabilités et des correctifs pour les cas d'utilisation internes et clients Rechercher activement et suggérer des améliorations à l'infrastructure de sécurité informatique Utiliser des outils de surveillance pour gérer la capacité et la disponibilité Concentration sur l'automatisation des tâches lorsque cela est raisonnable pour réduire les frais généraux Approvisionnement de nouveaux appareils et de la connectivité Planifier et documenter les tâches de gestion du cycle de vie de la plateforme Former le personnel technique de première ligne aux architectures système liées à la sécurité, aux processus de dépannage et de diagnostic de base CISSP ou certification équivalente Expérience avec diverses plates-formes de fournisseurs de réseaux et de sécurité, notamment Juniper, Cisco, Palo Alto et Fortinet Expérience avec les plateformes et processus de collecte de journaux/SIEM Connaissance approfondie du routage IPv4 et IPv6, y compris les protocoles BGP et OSPF Expérience pratique des solutions de défense DDoS Une aisance à travailler dans un environnement basé sur la billetterie est requise ; Expérience et/ou formation ITIL axée sur la gestion des incidents, des problèmes et du changement Bilingue (français/anglais), fortement préféré Connaissance pratique des services de support réseau tels que DNS, NTP, RADIUS, PKI requise Diplôme ou attestation d'études collégiales en informatique ou expérience de travail équivalente Un minimum de 10 ans d'expérience dans le domaine est requis, une expérience en prestataire de services est préférable 
ScrapedJobID134:
University degree or college degree in relevant technology (i.e. Computer Science or Engineering) and proven experience with complex technologies Minimum 5 years of experience deploying solutions in enterprise or carrier environments Must be hands-on and capable of debugging network and application testing issues Experience developing and/or testing applications/sensors/networks/servers for mobile, cloud and IoT Experience with embedded systems design and development Demonstrated expertise in IoT solution testing and evaluation Analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure in order to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks Technical evaluation of hardware and software technologies Detailed understanding of mobile phone technology for iOS and Android Detailed understanding of cloud architectures Detailed understanding of IoT and embedded solutions Detailed understanding of TCP/IP, routing, switching, firewall, IPS/IDS, VPN and DLP technologies Detailed working understanding of standards and legislation including ISO/IEC 27000, ISO/IEC 27034, and IEC 62443 series of standards Ability to understand source code for C, C++, and PHP Ability to write detailed technical reports and recommendations in clear language Adapt to a fast paced environment and manage priorities accordingly Communicate effectively orally and in writing Presentation skills Willingness to travel possibly up to 50% of the time (Covid permitting, of course) Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (required) security assessment: 3 years (preferred) 25% (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID135:
Virtualization Android Microsoft Visio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Sitting Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Extranet Intranet Mail server software Project management software Data analysis software MS Office Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID136:
building and setting up new development tools and infrastructure understanding the needs of stakeholders and conveying this to developers working on ways to automate and improve development and release processes testing and examining code written by others and analysing results ensuring that systems are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats identifying technical problems and developing software updates and ‘fixes’ working with software developers and software engineers to ensure that development follows established processes and works as intended planning out projects and being involved in project management decisions. Bonus pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift What is you status of stay in Canada ? Expected Salary in CAD/year ? DevOps: 4 years (preferred) Cloud: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID137:
Perform web and mobile application security assessments utilizing knowledge gained from your previous Full-Stack Development roles, relevant education, and certifications such as GSEC, GWAPT, OSCP, etc. Perform vulnerability scans with tools such as Burp Suite, Nmap, etc. Work closely with our in-house Research and Development team to create in-house testing tools and processes tailored to our needs and the needs of our clients. Write client reports with your findings and recommendations using your top-notch English writing skills and exceptional attention to detail. Constantly grow your infosec knowledge and skills by researching and learning about information security trends, new testing techniques, and best practices. Adding value to our knowledge-sharing culture by sharing your accomplishments, research, and anything you have learned with the DBG teams. Opportunity to work remotely Flexible working hours Paid vacation time Healthcare Benefit Plans that offer flexibility for your needs Profit-Sharing Program Retirement Savings Plans Paid continuous learning Community outreach/volunteering opportunities Focus purely on red-team activities: we’re vendor-agnostic and do not sell hardware or software solutions. With no conflict of interest, we focus on hacking our clients’ systems, without needing to implement any changes to remediate the identified problems. Think like a professional hacker: while we follow a standard methodology for consistency and quality, our clients allow us to execute sophisticated attacks on live systems to discover unique and interesting vulnerabilities in creative ways. Collaborative learning environment: work with many talented individuals who have diverse technical backgrounds and are eager to share their knowledge. Celebrate our wins: when we take control of an application, we ring a (virtual) gong that sounds throughout the office and notifies the technical team on our internal chat. We share our exploitation paths so we can learn from our successes. 4 – 6 years Full-Stack Development experience with some security-focused responsibilities or experience (Security Engineer, DevSecOps, Security Architecture) Bachelor Diploma or Degree in computer programming, computer science, computer engineering, cybersecurity, or related field, or equivalent training and commensurate work experience 
ScrapedJobID138:
Knowledge in IDS/IPS and Firewall Technologies to provide corrective action for escalations or incidents. Investigate and perform analysis of threat indicators for consumption in various security controls Conduct proactive threat research and perform corrective actions on Review security events looking for patterns and anomalies that are populated in a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system Require skills in data transformation and normalization where applicable for SIEM technologies Creation and tuning of correlation rules and playbooks Independently follow procedures to contain, analyze, and eradicate malicious activity Document all activities during an incident and providing leadership with status updates during the life cycle of the incident Produce and present reports to customers regarding CIOC services portfolio Assist with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incidents, and overall CIOC functions Communicate with clients and internal team members at all levels and across functional and organizational boundaries regarding security events and incidents Full understanding of Tier 1 responsibilities/duties and how the duties feed into Tier 2 Assist clients with security product implementation, onboarding and support University degree or college diploma in Computer Science or Information Technology or equivalent Two (2) years of job-related SOC experience Ability to obtain a Government of Canada security clearance of at least Level 1 Experience with IPS/EDR/WAF and SIEMs Experience in threat intelligence and advanced persistent threat analysis and hunting Experience with enterprise anti-virus solutions, virus outbreak management, and the ability to differentiate virus activity from directed attack patterns Knowledge and understanding of network architecture Strong knowledge of Windows and Linux OS Ability to react quickly, decisively, and deliberately in high stress situations Ability to communicate information to clients and stakeholders with strong verbal/written skills. Comfortable working within tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment Highly motivated individual with the ability to self-start, prioritize, multi-task and work in a team setting Multi-lingual is an asset 
ScrapedJobID139:
Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Own transportation MS Windows Project management software MS Office Business intelligence Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Salesforce 
ScrapedJobID140:
Participate in McCain Security Operation Center (SOC) related activities, such as: Assist with cyber incident response activities, including: Provide high quality, relevant reporting metrics on all findings Familiarity with network-based services, client/server applications, mobile applications, enterprise systems and infrastructure, network architecture, and security infrastructure Understanding of firewalls, proxies, SIEM, antivirus and IDPS concepts Understanding of security controls, such as encryption, identity and access management, and vulnerability scanning Minimum of two (2) years of experience in information technology with at least one (1) year of experience in a security analyst role within security operations is required Relevant industry certification such as CEH, Security+ or equivalent is required Post-Secondary education in Information Security / Assurance, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related discipline is highly desirable Ability to take initiative and work independently Strong verbal, written communications and task management skills Ability to document and explain technical concepts and details clearly and concisely to a variety of audiences (e.g. technical, business, auditors, etc.) Strong analytical thinking and problem resolution skills Proven self-starter and willing to accept additional responsibilities as position expands Experience working with an outsourced environment and managing services to objectives and outcomes Strong oral and written English skills are mandatory for this position 
ScrapedJobID141:
or equivalent experience Computer hardware or software retailer/wholesaler Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Database software Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Security software Data analysis software Cloud 
ScrapedJobID142:

ScrapedJobID143:
Will facilitate incident management meetings and lead coordination activities associated with incident management Will ensure compliance with SLAs as well as relevant process and procedures and will play an active role in continually improving them Will compile and present reports to the client Will coach and mentor more junior resources. Will perform back up activities for security operations manager appropriate resolution of incidents Experience leading and managing security operations teams Excellent incident management skills and ability to provide guidance and direction to technology teams Excellent communication (written and oral) and client relationship management skills Strong experience with security platforms for analysis of incidents and events 6+ years of experience managing incidents 3+ years of experience working with security tools performing deployment, configuration, and maintaining operations, content development
3+ years of experience working with security tools administration (e.g. firewalls, IDS, end-point protection, content filtering, IAM, DLP)3+ years of experience working with security operations capabilities (e.g. incident response, security infrastructure management or monitoring services)Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving, high pressure environment 3+ years of experience working with security tools administration (e.g. firewalls, IDS, end-point protection, content filtering, IAM, DLP) 3+ years of experience working with security operations capabilities (e.g. incident response, security infrastructure management or monitoring services) Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving, high pressure environment CISSP is preferred 
ScrapedJobID144:
Support on-going IT control monitoring activities, conduct IT audits and assessments, and optimize cyber risk portfolios Make recommendations to address control deficiencies, optimize risk, and improve operational efficiency Work with client sites and remotely liaise with staff at all levels of the client organization Document and evaluate business processes, risks and IT controls Discover, inventory and review key systems, devices, user accounts, data sources, and corresponding logs Develop, run, and maintain IT audit scripts and reports Inventory and revise IT policies and procedures Conduct preliminary IT security and network scans Keep technical diagrams and workflows up to date Liaise with client IT personnel, remote staff, managed service providers and third party vendors Analyze IT requirements within companies and provide independent / objective advice on the use of IT and present solutions in written or oral reports Contribute to Company growth by delivering tangible and significant business value to our clients Document process workflows, knowledge articles, and reports using a variety of applications and cloud-based tools Evaluate and recommend new technologies and solutions where appropriate Minimum 5 years progressive work experience demonstrating excellent analytical, organizational and customer service aptitude. SOX and IT General Controls “ITGC” compliance experience Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong personal integrity, business ethics and customer service skills Basic understanding of IT operations processes & infrastructure Ability to thrive in an environment of change and manage multiple tasks and responsibilities simultaneously Excellent time management and prioritization skills Ability to exercise good judgment in evaluating situations and making decisions Industry-recognized designations/certifications such as: PMI, Microsoft, ITIL, ISACA Secondary languages such as Spanish or French are an asset A competitive base salary plus quarterly performance-based cash incentive (OTE) Annual corporate profit sharing / bonus Merit-based qualification into our Equity Unit Value Plan Chambers Group Benefits Plan plus additional health spending account Flexible work arrangements 
ScrapedJobID145:
SIEM deployment Incident Detection and Response SOC Management Security processes and procedures Vulnerability Management EndPoint Protection DLP deployment Network / Cloud Security (Firewall, IPS) Experience in deployments for multiple environments for mid to large organizations. - Experience in managing, designing, configuring SIEM environments. Experience with integration of different cloud and on-premise log sources. Experience in managing incidents through the Incident Response Process. Knowledge and thorough understanding of MITRE ATT&CK & Cyber Kill Chain Model Experience guiding a team of SOC Analysts to monitor, detect, analyze, remediate, and report on cyber events & incidents impacting the IT infrastructure & applications. Provide expertise and guidance in managing and configuring the VM tools. Experience in analyzing vulnerability scan results, identifying vulnerability patterns. Good understanding of OWASP Top 10. Support the team in analyzing application security testing reports and working with the various business units to drive remediation efforts. Experience working with Network and Application Firewalls, DLP, EPP, PAM, Email Security. In-depth knowledge of popular operating systems (Windows, Linux, Mac OS), cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure) and networking protocols (TLS, DHCP, DNS, etc.). Expertise in scripting using Regex, Bash or Python. Knowledge of common security frameworks such as ISO27001, HITRUST CSF. Good to have: Security Certifications (Security+, CISSP, CEH, SANS, vendor specific certifications). Maintain / Manage SIEM Infrastructure, Vulnerability Management Infrastructure and other related security tools (DLP, PAM, EPP, Email Security etc). Monitoring & Investigation of alerts, conduct triage and escalate by following the Incident Response Plan / Process. Perform threat hunting to detect and isolate threats and provide recommendations to technical teams. Work on on-boarding infrastructures and applications to ensure a successful transition to SOC for security monitoring and alerting. Develop and maintain use cases; design secure solutions to meet business challenges and requirements. Ensure VM processes are followed for all assets & applications. Collaborate with different stakeholders to remediate identified vulnerabilities and ensure that defined SLAs are being met. Ensure adequate protection & monitoring for all external facing assets & applications. Create dashboards and generate reports for all security tools. Maintain, review & update SOP/ Process documents for all security tools. Respond to security inquiries from employees, auditors, clients and other stakeholders. Maintain up-to-date understanding of security threats, countermeasures, security tools, and Cloud Security and SaaS technologies. 
ScrapedJobID146:
Provisioning VPN Token provisioning Utilize troubleshooting skills to understand systems’ issues and the potential root causes Demonstrate effective communication skills, and present improvement ideas up to Director level Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Follow established processes Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Complete work / tasks, as assigned 2-4 years experience required Strong experience and detailed technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security Consistent implementation of security solutions Experience in infrastructure or application-level vulnerability testing and auditing Knowledge of MS Office (Excel) for spreadsheet creation Previous VPN provisioning experience Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Strong organizational skills to keep up with fast-paced work environment and efficiently meet project targets Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID147:
Support the security operations processes; internally and as a service provided to customer Perform analysis of security-related cyber events Support the security awareness programs, including user guides and training materials Follow/Maintain security operations playbooks and Incident Response Plans Participate in emergency action when required to safeguard assets from cyber security compromise and to assist with the eventual recovery of compromised systems Contain and mitigate incidents Understand the cyber security implications surrounding the overall architecture of networks, operating systems, hardware platforms, applications, and the services and protocols upon which those applications rely on Perform cyber security audits/assessments, network scans, and penetration tests against digital assets as necessary Continuous improvement of security operations processes and procedures Analyze gaps in security operations processes and procedures and remediate issues in a timely manner Acquire knowledge and understanding of current and emerging IT security technologies Develop and maintain policies, guidelines, and standard operating procedures (SOPs) Liaise with customers, customer managers, operational teams, and service management to ensure full integration of security operations processes Maintain chain of custody Risk management Customer/Vendor relationship management Hours of work are typically Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., however, occasional evenings, weekends and additional on-call requirements will be necessary to meet customer needs and other company objectives. This position will participate in an on-call rotation. Travel up to 10% Security knowledge, in Security Operations domains (EDR, Cisco Networking and platforms, Qualys, RiskSense, Splunk) Infrastructure platform knowledge Scripting experience with Python, Perl, Powershell, Bash, etc. Knowledge of datacenter and cloud technologies Experience in operating vulnerability scanning infrastructure and services Previous hands on experience in application or network penetration testing Knowledge of industry standards and audit controls Knowledge of technology and security topics including network security, wireless security, application security, infrastructure hardening and security baselines, web server and database security Project Management knowledge Qualys Cloud Platform ServiceNow management, a plus Application development, a plus Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems or related field (work experience and/or industry relevant certifications may be considered in lieu of a degree) Technical troubleshooting skills required Expert level understanding of malware lifecycle Understanding of cyber-attack vectors and attack methodologies Complete understanding of TCP/IP networking Complete understanding of file and system permissions for UNIX and Windows systems Understanding of AV/EDR technologies and protective strategies Understanding of network and system firewalls Ability to work and follow ITIL processes for change management and ticket management Must be self-motivated with strong sense of ownership Excellent communication skills and the ability to interact with employees, customers and vendors Excellent documentation skills 
ScrapedJobID148:
Compensation: 
ScrapedJobID149:
Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Willing to travel Travel expenses paid by employer Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Various locations Security software Programming software Programming languages Software development Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID150:

ScrapedJobID151:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Accurate Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID152:
Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches 
ScrapedJobID153:
Experience in a Linux based software development environment Experience in an Android software development environment Experience with Object Oriented Design and Programming Experience developing in one or more of C, C++, Java, PHP Experience with database development using MySQL Experience with and knowledge of TCP/IP protocols Experience or knowledge of intrusion detection and prevention, malware analysis, anti-virus, firewalls and security information management systems Running malware samples in a sand boxed environment. Reviewing the detection signatures for accuracy and quality. Analyzing the network traffic generated by the malware. Developing new detection signatures. 
ScrapedJobID154:
Monitor, maintain, and deploy a variety of security toolsets Identify and manage vulnerabilities Brief technical leaders on the nature and impact of threats and vulnerabilities Assist in the development of security awareness material Work with project teams to ensure security controls are implemented and functioning as expected Participate in security design and implementation throughout project life cycle Create and update monitoring dashboards: resolving and escalating issues as necessary Gather documentary evidence of corporate policies and technical settings to meet Government requirements A University Degree or College Diploma in Computer Science, Cyber Security or other relevant field 1+ years’ experience in complex IT environments Knowledge of vulnerability management programs Knowledge of security incident and event management programs Knowledge of log management tools and capabilities Passionate about IT Security High attention to detail Strong willingness to learn and grow Able to initiate and pursue independent work A strong communicator – both written and verbally Eligible to obtain NATO Secret Government security clearance and Controlled Goods approval Security+ Certification or equivalents Experience working with Government and/or Military agencies 
ScrapedJobID155:
Analyze and write market reports on networking and security market development, forecasting and vendor strategies with an emphasis on data security platforms, web security, and application security. Build and/or enhance data models for new and existing security markets. Design and conduct surveys, interview guides and data analyses. Participate in custom research projects. Develop and/or customize networking and cybersecurity research and consulting projects to meet the specific needs of the external customers. Travel to customer meetings and events, as required. Bachelors’ degree required; advanced degrees a plus Excellent writing skills 2+ years of applicable technology industry and/or analyst experience, and be able to demonstrate a proven track record of written deliverables Ability to rapidly develop content based on analyst conversations, vendor briefings, and customer interviews Strong research and Excel skills are needed – additional abilities in other data management or analytics platforms and tools a plus Networking and/or security certifications preferred 
ScrapedJobID156:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Ruby on Rails Git Gulp Informatica Matrix Laboratory (MATLAB) OpenGL Sencha Unix MAC JavaOS Networking software Intranet Servers File management software Presentation software Communication software Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID157:
Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID158:

ScrapedJobID159:
Lead the team’s strategic planning, executing against determined objectives Manage and contribute to the continual adherence and improvement of our ISO27001:2013 Certification Lead the development of risk management controls and systems, development of policies and procedures, documentation, and privacy reviews and assessments Facilitate with our customers' audit and due diligence needs. Assign and evaluate vendor due diligence security responses against company standards Manage, mentor and develop information Security and Compliance team. Proactively recommend and plan Information Security initiatives, and subsequently, monitor and test their implementations Continuously improve security strength of applications and systems, identifying issues proactively and mitigating risks to improve the customer experience Design and institutionalize a security review process and system, including implementing corporate security policies that align with global regulatory and information security standards Initiate penetration and similar tests and work with key stakeholders to resolve critical security issues Monitor applications, network and systems, including non-compliance with Trulioo’s Information Security Policy, identifying issues, and taking the appropriate steps to mitigate potential or realized risks Perform or assist with other compliance or security audits as necessary, and report on audit results to active stakeholders Bachelor’s Degree in related field or combination of training and certification 3+ years experience in a similar management role Experience with privacy, data protection, and information security standards such as ISO27001, SOC2, PCI, 6AMLD, PIPEDA, and/or GDPR and more Strong familiarity with system architecture, IT systems, and other key areas of information security Strong analytical skills, capable of analyzing complex technical information to identify patterns, trends and linkage. Extensive experience with the information gathering, auditing, and project management process A proven track record as a contributor as well as leader Able to effectively communicate with peers as well as partners or clients Driven, team player with ability to work independently Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification or other industry recognized information security certification 
ScrapedJobID160:
A minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an IT/Cyber security-related field Demonstrated experience with drafting security policy and policy instruments Demonstrated knowledge of risk management frameworks such as NIST and ISO Demonstrated knowledge of and experience with security industry standards (e.g., ISO 27001, NIST 800 series, ITSGs, ITIL, PCI) University Degree or College Diploma in a related field A minimum of one (1) one valid security and/or related certification (e.g. CISSP, CISA, PSP etc.) or related experience Demonstrated knowledge of and experience with Government of Canada information technology security policies, directives, standards and guidelines (e.g., Policy on Government Security, management of information technology security, ITSG-22/33/38, Directive on Departmental Security Management) will be considered a strong asset Demonstrated knowledge of and experience with Government of Canada Harmonized Threat and Risk Assessment (HTRA) methodology will be considered a strong asset Must be eligible to obtain a Secret level (or higher) security clearance 
ScrapedJobID161:
Security Assessments – Leverage your expertise in Information Security Management to prepare and conduct assessments for both planned initiatives and unplanned instances. Perform clear and thorough threat and vulnerability scans of internal and external devices. Use your knowledge of processes, tools, techniques, and practices for assuring consistency to standards associated with accessing, altering, and protecting organizational data. Risk Reviews – Examine and interpret requirement documents and architecture diagrams. Collaborate with senior leaders and make informed, risk-based recommendations to enhance information system security. Weigh business needs against security concerns to help guide the business to make practical and informed risk decisions. Governance Support – Proactively contribute to governance initiatives, providing technical and business advice, as well as insight on management processes. Contribute to the development of governance and risk-related company policies. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. You have at least five years of experience as an Information Security Consultant or a similar role. You’re a certified professional. It’s an asset if you have your CISSP, CIA, or CISM designation. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan Prior to starting in this role, security checks, including a criminal record check must be successfully completed to the satisfaction of CIBC. An annual criminal record check may also be required. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID162:
Responsible for acting on alerts, events, and incidents escalated Triage malware incidents, their priority, and the need for escalation Monitor for emerging threat patterns and vulnerabilities Assist with recommendations and workarounds Coordinate with other external stakeholders Communicate with management on incident updates Ability to complete the incident lifecycle without higher level supervision Establish and maintain intrusion detection policies and offense rules Tune response and alerting mechanisms Provide status reports to applicable management Have a thorough understanding of technological requirements for client systems and provide guidelines to effectively mitigate security risks Analyze and assess Firewall policy and rule base sets Handle emergencies 24x7 Assist with BAU activities if not responding to incidents 2+ years of experience in Information Technology industry, preferably in a financial services organization with direct incident management experience. Prior experience of network analysis tools, scripting languages, software vulnerabilities, exploits and malware. BE or BA degree, preferably in technology/business or equivalent. Relevant certifications such as Security plus or Network plus. Prior experience of network traffic analysis for identifying any developing patterns. Experience of working in a high volume and result-oriented operational environment. Possess solid understanding of enterprise grade technologies including; Operating systems, databases and web applications and applicable monitoring tools (e.g. SIEM, DLP, Internet filtering/blocking, IDS/IPS, firewalls, Anti-Virus, EDR, Cloud Security and encryption technologies). Demonstrated network traffic analysis capabilities for identifying any emerging patterns. Ability to assume leadership role on ad-hoc basis for managing Level 1 Analysts. Ability to read and understand system data including security event logs, system logs, application logs, and device logs, etc. Network infrastructure knowledge. Security configuration knowledge. Proficient operational understanding of how to ascertain, validate, and employ data from sources that are generally available to the public. Fluent in the techniques that actors utilize to attack an organization and understand how to pull information from large data sets and how to structure information for reuse Proficient knowledge of collection and analysis methods as well as knowledge in multiple tools, utilized for data correlation. Ability to communicate assertively – verbally as well as in writing- technical information clearly and concisely, commensurate with the audience. Maintain strict confidentiality of all security issues. Hours will include evenings and/or weekends and may include 24 hour a day on call support by pager and/or cell phone. Position will be required to work afternoon-evening shift. RRSP Contributions Health & Wellness Benefits Work flexibility Programs Parental Leave Benefits Study Support 
ScrapedJobID163:
You leverage your prior experience and involvement in development and process improvement initiatives on your new team as we work to automate new cybersecurity products and services. You will use your strong desire to better understand the automation needs of new and existing products, services, and support infrastructure. Connect the dots to align on what changes are needed from a capability and system perspective to address the needs of our cybersecurity products and services. You have excellent collaboration skills which you use to both partner with others and to obtain alignment on your ideas and recommendations You are able to gather and analyze requirements for automation and cybersecurity projects. You can discover, learn and operate on new and existing technologies to implement automation solutions. You will develop solutions using technologies such as Ansible and Python. You have a software development skillset that supports a team of network and security experts. You have established experience and knowledge with networking, software, and security concepts. You are recognized as a collaborative team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Valued for your strategic and creative thinking and ability to come up with innovative ideas and solutions Recognized as a technical leader, with an ability to identify and resolve technical roadblocks. Have an innate ability to develop use cases through requirement gathering and analysis skills. Confident with interacting, facilitating, and presenting to a wide audience with solid written and verbal communication University degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent. 3-5 years of experience developing software, security, and/or automation projects. Previous experience supporting development processes, including cross-functional collaborative initiatives Experience working with cross-functional teams, including operations and other technical support teams. You must be performing at standard in your current role for a minimum of 12 months* The opportunity should be aligned to goals within your 'My Development' plan. You are responsible for notifying your support person of your application You must apply online Or in accordance with applicable collective agreement 
ScrapedJobID164:
Provides strategic security and access administration oversight, expertise, and support for the ISC' the Incumbent will create and maintain governance documentation and education as it pertains to access provisioning and security standards. Acts as a champion of the Workday User Access framework and facilitates access approval in the request/change process including assessment of impacts and coordinating with groups for approval and to expedite. Executes the administration of Workday security changes ensuring controls are applied for auditing and reporting. Manages security and access protocols in tenant environment, in preparation of build, refresh, and promotion to production. Analyzes security implications for new functional features included in bi-annual releases and general UBC enhancements; provides recommendations and risk mitigation reports for senior leadership. Proactively monitors security logs and reports, leads security audits, and responds to privacy and access security events/incidents; Works with governance groups including HR/FIN/Student Functions, IEC, EDBI, AEP, Cybersecurity and Risk Management on Workday security requirements (implementation and operations), providing subject matter expertise to implementation reviews/approvals. In support of day to day access and operations, partners with various teams, working groups, and committees on a regular basis, including: CAB (Change Advisory Board), Functional Analysts in defining security monitoring and reporting, security access working group, IAM/Cybersecurity team on other security access outside of the Workday application such as network, desktop, etc. Acts as the Tier 2 contact in ISC for access incidents and security related inquiries and as a liaison between Workday and Cybersecurity during critical incident response. Regularly reviews SOC reports from Workday and all regular security advisory published by Workday. Represent the ISC as part of the enterprise Data Security & Roles Committee chaired by the UBC Chief Data Officer and Director, Risk Services. Manages Privacy and Information Security Management (PrISM)-SRS risks and controls around access and third-party access control procedures; conducts security access validation and testing; executes on security access impact assessment for new releases, enhancements and other projects. Partners with PrISM and IAM teams to review enhancement opportunities for security controls and improvements; maturing the capability Facilitates regular recertification reviews of security roles with functional groups. Applies change control process to make applicable changes. Provides input to Privacy and information security training for ISC Executes on access management and security needs for the application over its lifecycle. Assesses and establishes approved user access requests; responsible for role creation and assignment; manages and administers product security, ensuring appropriate user access, based on approved security guidelines. Manages the ISC product employee and affiliate account lifecycle, privilege account management/lifecycle, HCM/FIN security access matrix maintenance, functional and non-functional interface/report account management, and non-functional interface/report support account management. Develops and updates product access best practices, standards, procedures and quality objectives with a focus on continuous improvement within the ISC. 
ScrapedJobID165:
Guide penetration testing engagements and create new testing methods and exploits. Research and report vulnerabilities in the product and infrastructure of Trulioo. Monitor and constantly improve the security posture of the cloud environment. Automate security controls and reduce response and recovery times. Collaborate with development, quality assurance, operation and compliance teams to understand and resolve security issues. Monitor and handle security alerts and assist teams with investigations. Regularly attend standups, architecture discussions and design reviews for upcoming projects Understanding of product security principles and development lifecycle. Strong programming experience (Java, C#, C/C++, Python, Javascript, Powershell, etc.) Able to solve complex problems on a regular basis and comes with a strong security mindset Knowledge of TCP/IP networks, primarily focused on application layer protocols. Hands on technical experience with Windows, Linux and Cloud technologies (AWS) Experience with web applications and backend services, including API design, access management, authorization, authentication, data protection and encryption. Experience with product security tools, dependency scanning, SAST, DAST and vulnerability management. Experience with security operations tools (SIEM, IDS, IPS, Firewall etc.) Experience with embedded security in CI/CD implementations 2+ years security experience with appropriate education. 
ScrapedJobID166:
Identify automation opportunities that help make SAP products secure, drive engineering starting with specification definition through successful delivery and maintenance Develop employees, nurture and encourage talent in the team including the experienced ones Maintain the positive environment that encourages collaboration across organizational and cultural borders Define and execute the organizational goals and align it with SAP’s security strategy Understand state-of-the-art and take a position on key security matters Ensure high execution efficiencies and continued motivated contributions Align and execute in tandem with peers Enable the development of key employees in to functional or managerial leadership roles Bachelors or Master’s degree Significant experience in complex development projects across teams and locations Established and acknowledged experiences leading critical programs to success Good understanding of DevOps based development and engineering processes Familiarity with security automation practices integrated in the DevOps pipeline are an advantage Ability to work with people across continents with varying cultural backgrounds Excellent communication and presentation skills in English Management of teams or complex projects with high visibility and multiple stakeholders Experiences with customers and external stakeholders Experiences presenting at security events and conferences is a plus Fellowships and social sabbatical engagements are an advantage 
ScrapedJobID167:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Ruby on Rails Git Gulp Informatica Matrix Laboratory (MATLAB) OpenGL Sencha Unix MAC JavaOS Networking software Intranet Servers File management software Presentation software Communication software Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID168:
Support the execution of quarterly security-related activities such as vulnerability scans, phishing campaigns, cyber risk management and security metric reporting Co-ordinate the collection and validation of Cybersecurity documents Administer key Corporate Cybersecurity systems Assist with global security awareness programs Prepare and report regular Cybersecurity situational awareness notifications Attend necessary training or self-study as per the corporate requirements Strong communication skills, with the ability to both speak and write clear and concise information Good interpersonal skills, with ability to foster strong relationships with peers Ability to deliver quality management reporting with supporting analysis Strong planning, prioritizing, and time management skills - must be able to undertake and manage multiple tasks at once and work under deadlines Test and evaluate new as well as existing technologies for process improvement Ability to develop and learn new skills in other Cybersecurity areas, as and when required by the corporate Develop interpersonal skills for effective communication between corporate Security department, Operating Businesses, and third-party vendors Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Information Technology or related discipline 3-5 years of experience in Cybersecurity. Industry certifications considered an asset (CISSP, CompTIA Security +, CEH, CCSP) Good understanding of the Cybersecurity policies, standards and controls (NIST CSF, ISO27001 and CIS) Good understanding of Cybersecurity principles and best practices. Understanding of Cybersecurity incident management and response program Good understanding of Threat Intelligence engagement and reporting scheme. Excellent written and oral communication skills Experience with vulnerability management, security assessment, security awareness and identity access management systems will be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID169:
Plans, implements, administers, maintains and monitors IT security controls, including, but not limited to: firewalls, intrusion detection / prevention system, malware protection system and endpoint anti-malware management VPN and remote access security identity and access management systems and directories security incidents data loss prevention endpoint security (laptops, workstations, mobile devices), network security (wired & wireless) and application security server operating system hardening FTP / SFTP services for incoming data files cloud services. Participates in, and contributes to IT projects as a representative of the Security Information team, by conducting risk assessments of new technologies and systems; implementing required security controls in new systems and infrastructure; documenting security controls; and designing and implementing processes and controls for securing applications and networks. Performs security operation processes and procedures, including, but not limited to: maintenance of internal security and cyber security controls and policies reviews service request and change management security awareness and training vulnerability and risk assessments reviews patch management for desktops and servers cyber security incident management reviews user & system administration Cloud compliance and audit management IT compliance and audit management security monitoring environment maintenance / enhancement, and development, implementation and maintenance of mobile device management environment new system deployment and VMWare implementation security assessment creation and maintenance of workstation and server security hardening standards assessment secure file transmitting and receiving and secure emails. Assists in troubleshooting security-related network issues with network support team. Performs other duties, as required. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, technology or related field is required. CISSP or CompTIA Security+ certification is desirable/preferred Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) or Cisco Certified CyberOps Associate is desirable/preferred Cloud AWS, Azure, Google certification is desirable/preferred Minimum four (4) years of experience working in IT and Network security-related projects and with security controls and processes, preferably in the financial services industry. Proven technology troubleshooting skills and superb analytical skills, with the ability to think “outside the box” to resolve problems. Excellent proficiency with MS Windows and Servers, Linux, SQL Server. Excellent proficiency in Cisco switches and firewall configuration and management, as well as intrusion detection systems, Excellent proficiency in logging and monitoring systems (SIEM), identity management (including LDAP and Active Directory) and vulnerability testing and remediation. Advanced knowledge of system forensics and network segmentation methods for Internet-facing systems. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively clarify complex technical issues and concepts in a business-friendly manner to various audiences. Strong organizational skills, with the abilities to manage multiple deliverables in a demanding, time-sensitive environment, adapt to frequently changing priorities by prioritizing tasks and escalate / communicate issues or seek assistance to overcome obstacles. Ability to work effectively within a team, as well as independently. Must be available for after-hours implementations, testing and support in a 24x7 technical business environment. Working knowledge of the following is an asset: administering production MySQL and MS SQL Server, Excellent proficiency in vulnerability scanning and penetration testing systems, vulnerability scan tools, hack and PENTEST tool, SIEM tools, network management, virtual systems, remote access and mobility security tools/control Self-motivated and driven. Highly attentive to detail and committed to quality. Enthusiastic, service-oriented. Working in an entrepreneurial and growing organization Ongoing on-the-job learning and development; learning from a leader with a wealth of knowledge Working with innovative technology and with an industry pioneer Opportunity to evolve with a growing organization 
ScrapedJobID170:
Responsible for protecting all IO assets, systems, proprietary and confidential information from cyber attacks: Monitoring and enforcing organizational compliance against defined security policies, managing cyber incidents. Leading the management, assessment and resolution of cyber incidents, as well as regular audits against the cyber security program. Development, implementation and continuous improvement of the enterprise cyber risk and security program: Developing and implementing the cybersecurity roadmap, define security policies, standards and procedures. Overseeing Managed Security Service Providers to implement changes IO’s security infrastructure. Designing, coordinating and overseeing security testing procedures to verify the security of systems, networks and applications, and manage the remediation of identified risks. Reporting, Communication and Training: Providing security communication, awareness and training for range of audiences, including responding to security failures. Producing monthly cyber dashboards, ongoing updates and reporting. Presenting to senior management on initiatives within and progress against the overall cyber roadmap. Assessment and ongoing management of vendors, applications, and other third-party risk to cyber security at IO: Collaborate on IT planning initiatives to ensure that security measures are incorporated and that service expectations are clearly defined. Research, evaluate, design, test, recommend or plan the implementation of new or updated information security hardware or software, and analyze its impact on the existing environment; provide technical and managerial expertise for the administration of security tools. Leadership: Work with the broader IT organization and business management to align priorities and plans with key business objectives. Manage a team of information security professionals. University degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) is required for the role. Certifications in ITIL, Azure, Security+, Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) 7 – 10 years related experience in Cybersecurity is required for the role. 3 – 5 years leadership and people management experience is required. Experience liaising and/or presenting to executive management and/or Board level committees. 
ScrapedJobID171:
Able to work from our office in Vancouver, Canada At least 2 years of experience in IT support Excellent customer service skills Able to work collaboratively in a team environment Strong verbal and written communication skills, including communicating complex issues and analysis effectively Able to adapt and learn new things quickly Good organization and time-management skills Extensive experience with building, installing, troubleshooting, and repairing Windows PC hardware and software Solid knowledge of network and VPN technologies Familiarity with security software and best cybersecurity practices Passion for gaming Competitive salary with project-based bonuses Full health Benefits with an HSA account Responsible work-life balance with flexible hours and paid overtime 26 days of paid vacation per year A modern indie-style studio with a relaxed atmosphere working on high-budget AAA Games A chance to work in a booming industry within an international team Office located near transit and bike routes 
ScrapedJobID172:
Plan, develop, organize, write and edit operational procedures and manuals and create templates Edit, standardize, or make changes to material prepared by other writers Confer with customer representatives, vendors, executives, or end users to establish technical specifications and to determine subject material to be developed for publication Document integration processes and procedures Organize material and completes writing assignments according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology Maintain a comprehensive list of acronyms to be used in documentation, analyze documents to maintain continuity of style and content and manage updates and revisions to technical documents Provide high-quality document deliverables by: Experience developing and maintaining technical documentation Experience working in a technical environment Ability to take content provided by the technical team and build customer-ready documents around the content. Ability to write in explanatory and procedural styles for technical and non-technical audiences and be skilled at prioritization and multi-tasking Strong proficiency with MS Office applications, have excellent grammar skills and a strong attention to detail. Prior experience with any of the following fields: engineering, development, law/contracts, cybersecurity Create succinct and easily understandable documents under tight deadlines Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in text and images. Experience with Adobe suite, Visio and other graphics tools a plus. Experience with SharePoint a plus. Thorough understanding of English, French a plus. English French 
ScrapedJobID173:
Perform the day-to-day operational responsibilities related to threat detection and response including threat intelligence, security log management (CLM), security event correlation (SIEM), security monitoring, security analytics (UEBA), threat hunting, security investigations and security incident response. Maintain documentation of operational procedures and similar references, including incident response plan and incident response playbooks. Provide input to the strategic plan and roadmap for all threat detection and response functions. Provide technical expertise and technology investment recommendations for new technologies and systems. Contribute to the planning and execution of projects to build and/or improve threat detection and response capabilities. On call, off-hours and/or shift work will be required. Stay current on the cyber security threat landscape, including the latest attacker tactics, techniques and procedures, and the controls that may serve as effective countermeasures. Practice continual improvement for threat detection and response practices, and participate in activities to identify improvements, including internal measurement practices, security practice reviews and internal/external audits. Bachelor in Computer Science or related field. A minimum four (4) years working in an information technology role, or two (2) years working in an information security role. CISSP or similar certification is preferred. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal guidance and supervision. Experience in at least one of the following disciplines: threat intelligence, security log management (CLM), security event correlation (SIEM), security monitoring, threat hunting, security analytics (UEBA), security investigations and security incident response. Ability to adapt to constantly changing technical, regulatory, and compliance environments. The incumbent is expected to interact with all employees including executives and thus good verbal and written skills are important. Experience working in a banking or financial services environment is an asset. Excellent organized, structured, logical thinking and detail oriented analytic skills are required. Ability to think out of the box for solutions to technical problems. 
ScrapedJobID174:

ScrapedJobID175:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID176:
Experience working for one of the largest Canadian global technology companies Possibility of a student casual contract position after completion of internship Possibility of a full-time position after completion of degree Access to Celestica’s development programs and projects Celestica's Time Off to Volunteer program – two paid days off to volunteer per year Fun intern activities including celebration events and networking Internal recognition programs and rewards for stellar performance Opportunity: Job experience at a large Canadian-based global company Innovation: We look to our employees to implement new ideas and improve the way we do things Collaboration: Students work as part of global teams, enabled by collaborative technology Sustainability: We uphold strong ethics, reduce our impact on the environment and empower employees to give back to the community with two paid days off per year to volunteer Development opportunities: including soft skills courses, innovation projects and mentorship Networking: Strategically build your professional network to advance your career and deepen relationships across your peers and colleagues. Fun: Our interns have the opportunity to participate in fun activities including intern social events, Celestica’s charitable initiatives and our Spirit Week activities Some knowledge of IT processes, tools, programs Basic knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle Knowledge of IT Security and cyber-security Familiarity with Project Management techniques Proficient in Microsoft Office Applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) Basic knowledge of the IT industry Involvement with design/development of IT processes and controls as well as Information Security practices Assist in the gathering of requirements for IT application projects - includes collecting and analyzing existing documentation, reviewing with Subject Matter Experts & writing specification documents Perform routine management/reporting tasks as they relate to the portfolio of applications under our control Participate to IT application projects and monitor activities of IT projects related to IT applications Participate to volunteering activities within Celestica volunteer programs Duties of this position are performed in a normal office environment Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data Repetitive manual movements (e.g. data entry, using a computer mouse, using a calculator, etc.) are frequently required 
ScrapedJobID177:
Experience in a Linux based software development environment Experience in an Android software development environment Experience with Object Oriented Design and Programming Experience developing in one or more of C, C++, Java, PHP Experience with database development using MySQL Experience with and knowledge of TCP/IP protocols Experience or knowledge of intrusion detection and prevention, malware analysis, anti-virus, firewalls and security information management systems Running malware samples in a sand boxed environment. Reviewing the detection signatures for accuracy and quality. Analyzing the network traffic generated by the malware. Developing new detection signatures. 
ScrapedJobID178:
Letter of interest Curriculum vitae Teaching evaluations Research Plan and Philosophy 
ScrapedJobID179:
Bachelor's in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related discipline. Able to speak to anyone and poke holes in vendor pitches 5+ years of cybersecurity with at least the last 2 architecting security solutions. Act as an SME when it involves AppSec, InfoSec or Infrastructure security, designing and architecting solutions for your organization. Collaborate with other teams involved in architecture design. Identify potential risks of projects, document and address those risks and work with other teams to resolve the issue. Hands-on experience in application, technology risk management, or infrastructure security. Consult with teams (Engineering/Development) advising on cloud security requirements and then document the implementation Knowledge of secure network design, entitlement design, database access, authentication methods , logging, input validation, security testing, encryption implementation, secure storage design and data transfer. Knowledge of securing SaaS, PaaS, or IaaS making recommendations on how to best secure the technology within the cloud environment. PKI OAuth2, OpenID, SAML Containerization (Kubernetes) Network security technologies PKI Crypto SDN 
ScrapedJobID180:
Design and implement structures to thwart malware and hacker intrusions in very large and complex military systems Information segregation (separating classified / unclassified information) System needs for security / Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A) Access control systems and methodology Utilize the latest intrusion monitoring techniques / continuous monitoring Centralized audit Tamper proofing Traceability to security standards and guidelines Encryption Facilitate system hardening / penetration testing / ethical hacking Network security Communicate with government officials and contractors Software or systems architecture (Virtualization, network topology, cyber settings, automated health monitoring, Operating Environment, etc.) Linux Virtualization technologies (such as Vmware VSphere and Horizon) Cloud technologies Storage technologies Data and/or network security Docker, Kubernetes, or OpenStack Experience with Data center infrastructure management (DCIM) Network engineering experience Expertise in data centers infrastructure hardware such as Nexus 5500/5000/3500, The following certifications are considered as assets: NATO Secret security clearance Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) Certified Information Security Manager Certified Information Systems Auditor Certified Ethical Hacker. Bilingual (English/French) 
ScrapedJobID181:
Bachelor's in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related discipline. Able to speak to anyone and poke holes in vendor pitches 5+ years of cybersecurity with at least the last 2 architecting security solutions. Act as an SME when it involves AppSec, InfoSec or Infrastructure security, designing and architecting solutions for your organization. Collaborate with other teams involved in architecture design. Identify potential risks of projects, document and address those risks and work with other teams to resolve the issue. Hands-on experience in application, technology risk management, or infrastructure security. Consult with teams (Engineering/Development) advising on cloud security requirements and then document the implementation Knowledge of secure network design, entitlement design, database access, authentication methods , logging, input validation, security testing, encryption implementation, secure storage design and data transfer. Knowledge of securing SaaS, PaaS, or IaaS making recommendations on how to best secure the technology within the cloud environment. PKI OAuth2, OpenID, SAML Containerization (Kubernetes) Network security technologies PKI Crypto SDN 
ScrapedJobID182:
Design and implement structures to thwart malware and hacker intrusions in very large and complex military systems Information segregation (separating classified / unclassified information) System needs for security / Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A) Access control systems and methodology Utilize the latest intrusion monitoring techniques / continuous monitoring Centralized audit Tamper proofing Traceability to security standards and guidelines Encryption Facilitate system hardening / penetration testing / ethical hacking Network security Communicate with government officials and contractors Software or systems architecture (Virtualization, network topology, cyber settings, automated health monitoring, Operating Environment, etc.) Linux Virtualization technologies (such as Vmware VSphere and Horizon) Cloud technologies Storage technologies Data and/or network security Docker, Kubernetes, or OpenStack Experience with Data center infrastructure management (DCIM) Network engineering experience Expertise in data centers infrastructure hardware such as Nexus 5500/5000/3500, The following certifications are considered as assets: NATO Secret security clearance Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) Certified Information Security Manager Certified Information Systems Auditor Certified Ethical Hacker. Bilingual (English/French) 
ScrapedJobID183:
Knowledge of and hands-on experience with security based technology tools Keen understanding of the role of Security Operations and works with all business units to ensure a high level of Performs and participates in business continuity and disaster recovery plans providing input and operational Contributes to creation and maintenance of security technology roadmaps Active participation in the enterprise-wide service and support model includes incident management, change and Familiar with and provides department predefined metrics and reporting as requested Ensures alerting, monitoring and automation security tools are working as expected and responds to alerts to Provides technical consulting on the capabilities and limitations of the security technologies Leads the validation and practicality of new technologies through rapid prototyping Researches and evaluates technologies/products and make recommendations Works with vendors to finalize detailed technical specifications for hardware and software Installs hardware and/or software in test and production environments Tests and evaluates security technologies against established criteria Builds or enhances security technology infrastructure components, and integrates 3rd party components, using Makes design decision within the bounds established by project, portfolio, site and enterprise architectures Ensures that components are engineered in accordance with the use to which they will be put (for example, Unit and system tests all technology deliverables, and supports business acceptance testing Implements all deliverables with the highest possible quality (that is, fewest implementation defects) Leads the timely configuration, updated and tuning of all Security Technologies Leads daily health checks and actions findings Leads the testing of security software for system compliance Leads the actioning of Health Check findings by Security Engineering Performs daily routine maintenance tasks to Network Security tools ensuring patching, backups and other duties Actively participates to ensure the control of defined Security CI’s Performs patch management for Network Security tools Work in this role covers shift work 24/7/365 Acts as Security Operations Representation on CIRT and MIR Calls as required Leads the operationlization for Security based tools Acts as lead on projects ensuring they are completed on time and on budget ensuring project oversight and Technical knowledge of security tools Follows defined procedures to apply updates to policies, patches, updates and hotfixes to Security tools Scripting experience Knowledge in security practices Actively participates as a resource on technology project teams as required Participates with the application of the transition of Security technologies to production Follows project management methodologies to ensure planning and coordination of tasks and resources Participates in fiscal planning for Security Operations as requested Consciously aware of project expenses to ensure costs are within budgets Provides timely updates to ensure updates are planned and well communicated A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing, Minimum 5 years experience designing, integrating, and implementing end to end application, infrastructure, and Proven skills in designing and deploying multi-platform solutions Broad knowledge of industry technology and directions, and specific knowledge in security and infrastructure The incumbent should have skills and knowledge in capacity planning, disaster recovery planning, product/service lifecycles, service management and a strong focus on customer service Experience in performance tuning complex infrastructure solutions; knowledge of performance and monitoring tools will be an asset Attention to detail and effective planning and organizational skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Demonstrated initiative (self-starter) with the ability to influence others Proven history of both technical and management skills Good working knowledge of ITIL practices and processes Strong leadership, communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills with demonstrated experience working in Strong desire to implement change and make a contribution to the organization Proven history of making appropriate decisions and recommendations Good knowledge of Agile, Dev Ops, and PM methodologies Actively participates in meetings and training events with a willingness to share knowledge and learn from others Demonstrate commitment to respectful workplace and workplace diversity initiatives Fosters the department’s culture with a focus on teamwork and stewardship with business units. Supports opportunities for inter-company synergies Participates in the management of all third-party relationships to ensure the organizations standards and objectives are met Supports continual improvements of IS methods, tools and technique Actively participates in the organizational budgeting and planning process by providing the necessary research, Participates with the development of procedures with the Security Operations team to ensure that the appropriate level of security is in place to protect the integrity and security of organizational assets Ensures Security policies and procedures are up-to-date and followed. Provides recommendations for security enhancements. Monitors security audit logs for breaches. Automation top of mind and works to ensure that whenever possible efficient and effective use of technology is applied. Works to ensure all changes are well planned and tested following enterprise change management processes and procedures. Performs monthly/yearly technical reviews and testing of security software for system compliance. Performs updates as required after vulnerability scans and ensure penetration tests are completed and findings communicated and actioned. Performs emergency blocks and updates following change management practices Antivirus EDR Full Packet Capture DLP MFA SIEM 
ScrapedJobID184:
Assess and/or implement existing security controls Provide guidance on building and/or maturing information security programs and the implementation of tools and technologies used for enterprise security Evaluate client needs, coordinate design for a solution, and clearly communicate the value proposition of complex and highly technical subjects Provide knowledge of tools and technologies used for enterprise security Develop comprehensive and accurate reports and presentations for both technical and executive audiences Effectively communicate findings and strategy to client stakeholders including technical staff, executive leadership, and legal counsel 1+ years' experience, via internships, classes, projects and similar in at least three of the following:
Knowledge of tools used in penetration testing, security event analysis, incident response, computer forensics, network and endpoint architecture, malware analysis or other areas of security operations
Understanding of security frameworks, such as ISO 27001, NIST 800-53, HIPAA/HITECH, or PCI DSS Fundamental understanding of networking, including TCP/IP protocols and network topology
Working with and understanding of operating systems, including Windows, Linux, and OSX
Understanding of security controls for common platforms and devices, including Windows, Linux, OSX and network equipment Knowledge of tools used in penetration testing, security event analysis, incident response, computer forensics, network and endpoint architecture, malware analysis or other areas of security operations Understanding of security frameworks, such as ISO 27001, NIST 800-53, HIPAA/HITECH, or PCI DSS Fundamental understanding of networking, including TCP/IP protocols and network topology Working with and understanding of operating systems, including Windows, Linux, and OSX Understanding of security controls for common platforms and devices, including Windows, Linux, OSX and network equipment Must be eligible to work in Canada without sponsorship Prior experience in a technical security internship Experience in security competitions, CTFs and/or testing platforms such as Hack the Box, TryHackMe, Overthewire, etc Strong technical acumen and ability to quickly assimilate new information Ability to successfully interface with clients (internal and external) and manage expectations of others Ability to document and explain technical details in a concise, understandable manner 
ScrapedJobID185:
Develop threat intelligence Recognize and perform common attacks patterns Integrate intelligence into the response lifecycle Triage incidents and events Identify incident scopes, impacts and quantification Build incident storylines and timelines Perform widespread and in-depth log and data analysis Assess indicators of compromise and incident artefacts Perform malware and file analysis Education with a bachelor or master’s degree with a major in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Relevant industry work experience for 5 years or equivalent Relevant teaching experience for 3 years or equivalent. Experience in security operations, incident response, cyber threats, attacker tools and techniques. Tools such as Threat Intel platform (OSS or commercial), log management (splunk, SIEM, or similar system), STIX / TAXII standard, maybe Mandiant Redline. 
ScrapedJobID186:
Support, design, develop, enhance, and implement computer application systems and programs. Evaluate the performance of existing computer systems, plan and direct upgrades and improvements, troubleshoot problems / test and resolve issues. Provide recommendations to enhance IT systems and services. Support, administer, configure, and install software and hardware products and systems. Implement new products or upgrades in a network operating system environment by determining the feasibility, the cost / benefit, assessing the impact to all clients. Liaise with clients (including senior management and executive), partners and external vendors to resolve issues and recommend next steps. Develop, evaluate and test new technologies. Responsible for providing 24/7 first tier management and support. Research, analyze and recommend current trends, standards, practices and/or products, such as ITIL methodologies, in an IT environment. Analyze requirements and/or provide advice and guidance on IT matters to various audiences such as business partners and management. Work in a client service environment and deal directly with employees of different levels Provide access to all IT network services. Responsible for authorized changes/releases to the IT infrastructure. Responsible for Configuration Management. Computer science Network Security Telecommunications Electronics Electrical Engineering Similar engineering disciplines Business Relationship Management Program Underfill – no experience requirement. Underfill – no experience requirement. Collaboration Tools Analyst: SharePoint, Exchange, BlackBerry Enterprise Server. Network Operations Centre Analyst: the monitoring, support and management of computing and telecommunication networks including their security. Certifications in Cisco Certified Network Admin (CCNA), Microsoft Certified Systems Admin (MCSE) and ITIL Foundation certification are considered assets. Access Management Analyst: Active Directory or eDirectory tools, processes and best practices for the administration of group membership, permissions and policies relating to network, file, print and application provisioning. Change / Release Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of IT Change Management / Coordination or & Release Management processes, best practices, experience in ITSM (IT Service Management) tools. Coordination toolset(s) or technologies. Configuration Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage); ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of relational databases and SQL language, best practices, experience in configuration and asset management and ITSM (IT Service Management) tools, experience in IT hardware and software procurement Network / Communications Specialist: CISCO, Certified Cisco Network Admin (CCNA, MCITP, CCNP), TCIP, IPSec, SNMP, OSPF, VoIP systems. Telephony Communications Specialist: CS1000/Meridian TDM Telephone system, Telephony Manager , Nortel / Avaya voice messaging systems, Call Pilot and legacy Meridian Mail voice messaging systems, Avaya Aura Communication Manager, Session Manager, System Manager and Messaging, ISDN, SIP and H.323, LINUX operating system, Routing, VLAN’s, Tandberg video conferencing systems, etc.). Server & Storage Specialist: Server virtualization (VMware vSphere, Microsoft Hyper-V), virtual desktop infrastructures (VMware View/Horizon), public & private cloud (Microsoft Azure, VMware vRealize), virtual storage (VMware vSAN), storage fabrics (iSCSI, Fiber Channel), SAN appliances (NetApp A, E & FAS), backup systems and disaster recovery technologies (IBM Spectrum Protect, formally Tivoli Storage Manager), High availability or business continuity (Zerto), server operating systems (Microsoft Windows Server, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS), scripting languages (Microsoft PowerShell, BASH), server hardware (HPE) including converged/hyper-converged/composable infrastructures. Business Relationship Management Analyst: ITIL, ServiceNow, Business Relationship Management, building and maintaining effective relationships or partnerships for the purposes of delivering projects or services. Service Management Analyst: ITIL, process definition and improvements, performance measurement and reporting, IT Service Management platform support and administration, Service Catalog management Service Desk Analyst: IT Service Desk, providing end user support in a multi-system environment, working in a client service environment and dealing directly with employees of different levels, using IT Service Management tools (i.e. ServiceNow) Quality Assurance Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality and/or load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies and/or methodologies. IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality OR load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies / methodologies. Enterprise Management Tools Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), IT enterprise tool administration and configuration, IT service management or tools / technologies and scripting languages (e.g., Shell scripting, VB scripting, etc.). IT Security Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), IT security principles and related methodologies, IT security technologies. Adaptability / Flexibility Interpersonal Skills Organizational Skills / Multitasking Problem Solving Analytical Skills Communication Collaboration Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID187:
Manage, track, and audit all global technology assets to ensure compliance with security policies and baselines. Identify, track, and remediate security risks and threats. Investigate and maintain documentation of security breaches and other cyber security incidents. Own and modify appropriate system configuration settings; establish best practices and maintenance standards for assigned systems. Assist with and perform internal IT Security Audits. Research security enhancements and make recommendations to senior leadership. Function as a subject matter expert for architecture, performance tuning, capacity planning, and design of new and upcoming technologies. Identify and investigation of hardware and software issues, performing root cause analysis, and implement an action plan for the resolution and dissemination of conclusions. Develop and upkeep of documentation for all responsible environments. Perform official change control as necessary. Acts as subject-matter expert (SME) and provide after-hour support and on-call support as required. Experience with Enterprise MDM/UEM technologies, including Microsoft Endpoint Manager. Experience with vulnerability management platforms considered an asset. Experience with Microsoft Active Directory administration. Strong customer service and oral/written communication skills required. Ability to work independently and produce results, given general priorities, required. Demonstrated self-starter, able to prioritize tasks and stay organized. Experience troubleshooting complex systems issues, strongly preferred. Must be comfortable working in a collaborative team environment. 
ScrapedJobID188:
Network monitoring using Observium. Vulnerability management including asset scans and mapping Management of Cortex XDR platform including optimization, alert management and advising on remediation activities Management of enterprise email cloud security solution (Avanan) including optimization, alert management and remediation activities Management and resolution of security incidents, recommendation on remediation activities Lead security incident response activities including incident investigation, threat analysis, reviewing logs and collaborating to restrict/isolate network traffic. Contribute towards continuous improvements in the company’s cybersecurity processes. Active Directory monitoring using ManageEngine ADAudit Able to manage and solve the threats. Subject matter experts in cybersecurity technologies and their interaction with all aspects of corporate IT infrastructure including core systems, networks, applications and users. Ability to convert complex information into simple, explainable solutions. Possesses a planning orientation with integrative thinking skills. Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new concepts if necessary. Written and verbal communication skills enable effective articulation of technology solutions and processes and procedures to a technical and non-technical audience. Hands-on experience monitoring Active Directory Four-year Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experience. Three or more years of related work experience Three or more years of hands-on demonstrated work experience managing corporate XDR, network, Active Directory and email security solutions (preferably Cortex XDR, Observium, ManageEngine and Avanan) Certifications in relevant technologies, methods, or platforms are an asset. Demonstrate the key critical behaviours of commitment to the task, communication, customer focus, decision making/problem solving, flexibility, prioritizing, and being a team player who can also work with minimal supervision. 
ScrapedJobID189:
Lifecycle Manager Compliance Manager Application On-Boarding Access Request Automated Provisioning Password Management Workflows Quicklinks and custom forms Participate in and/or lead user acceptance testing and bug-related engineering efforts. Must be able to read, write and modify Java code and a solid understanding of Rest and SOAP API’s Performs security analysis with business and technology partners to ensure technology solutions and workflows are compliant with internal requirements and regulatory guidelines Build access management roles working with the business to ensure alignment of entitlements Works with Canada Technology staff and Business application support and external vendors to support IAM technologies and integration with business systems Maintain solution documentation for ongoing maintenance and support of service With guidance from the Technical IAM Associate Manager participate in the application onboarding process Collaborate with application and business owners to ensure roles and entitlements are assigned appropriately according to business need Maintain solution documentation for ongoing maintenance and support of service Provide second level support and on call support. Troubleshoot and remediate advanced application issues Analyze impact of IT environment changes and upgrades on IAM/PAM/Authentication services coordinating testing and change management Participate in the development, execution and documentation of test plans Collaborate with business and application role owners to ensure ongoing reconcilement of functional access analysis against the changing business needs Identify privileged entitlements/roles and use assignment rules, policies, security controls reporting and alerting capabilities to bring risk down to an acceptable level Collaborates in the development of processes and procedures when implementing changes Automation of repetitive tasks Perform third-level analysis and investigation of security access incidents, requiring a sound understanding of the supporting technologies. Reliably escalate those incidents that are of a higher than routine risk and technical complexity. Assigns security incidents that cannot be directly resolved to the responsible team with the appropriate access and authority. Corrects errors causing security incidents and records action taken to resolve/correct the situation, often involving complex technical and security issues. A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing, Engineering, or Commerce Sailpoint and CyberArk experience Java, PowerShell, Python scripting, 3 years experience Security certification is a strong asset. Minimum 6 years’ experience applying IAM concepts when creating, modifying or deprovisioning identities and their associated access Proven experience working within tools such as IBM ITIM, SailPoint, CyberArk Knowledge of Active Directory Organizational Units, groups and user attributes Basic understanding of authentication protocols such as LDAP and SAML Strong verbal and written communication Solid understanding of AWS and Azure Familiarity with networking concepts Technical knowledge of wide range of systems, platforms Understanding building and managing infrastructure systems Understanding of KPI’s Thrives on challenges in a fluid environment and takes initiative to learn new technologies Collaborates in the development of processes and procedures when implementing changes Perform second-level analysis and investigation of security access incidents, requiring a sound understanding of the supporting technologies. Attention to detail and effective planning and organizational skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Demonstrated initiative (self-starter) with the aility to influence others Good working knowledge of ITIL practices and processes Strong desire to implement change and make a contribution to the organization 
ScrapedJobID190:
Execute logical access requests in accordance with accepted procedures. Provide technical support for issues related to logical access. Understand our current systems and business process needs as they relate to the identity and access management controls and policies. Work collaboratively as a member of a team to gather and analyze requirements and architect strategies & technical solutions to support these needs. Conduct in-depth technical analysis to solve identity and access management challenges and optimize outcomes for deployments. Governance and process oversight of Active Directory users and groups. Recommend IDAM process changes and improvements. Assist in the provisioning and management of Active Directory accounts and group memberships. Participate in projects to facilitate the integration of new products into exiting IDAM process and technology. Educate IT and business partners on IDAM processes and controls. Agile and innovative individuals, who are able to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity to help us take bold and strategic moves in this rapidly evolving retail environment Creative thinkers who take initiative and are capable of building, launching and managing projects/programs that drive results for our customers Problem solvers with the ability to analyze and prioritize to meet business objectives Collaborative team players with superior influencing skills, who build relationships easily across various stakeholder groups to move initiatives forward Hands-on experience in various support and scripting tools as listed below such as SQL, Perl, PowerShell, jQuery, SOAP, and REST Experience with various tools like Postman, Putty, SoapUI, JMeter Experience supporting enterprise solutions such as Linux, AIX, Active Directory, LDAP, network capture tools, log analysis solutions, and iptables Development and configuration experience with Active Directory, LDAP, PowerShell Principles of independent security testing Security scanning tools for systems and applications Technologies Linux, Windows, AIX, databases, web or cloud-based applications Network and Security Appliances and Firewalls 
ScrapedJobID191:
Develop cyber security assessment and penetration testing methodologies for industrial control applications; support service delivery to external stakeholders. Support product development of cyber security products and services for critical infrastructure. Propose, develop, evaluate, and engineer cyber security solutions using a combination of electrical, instrumentation & control and computer engineering skills including software design, development and testing. Manage the development of a cyber test facility comprising simulated process control, segmented networks modelling different security zones, and various cyber and physical security products. Propose new cyber security techniques and technologies and design, develop, test and validate these new capabilities with the goal of developing practical and innovative cyber security solutions for industrial control applications.

Current research includes cyber asset identification and classification, vulnerability assessments, intrusion detection, penetration testing, countermeasures development and assessment, automated auditing, analytics, and forensic analysis. Serve as a senior member of the cyber security research group, proposing and leading research, investigations, and experiments that address people, process and security risks in the cyber domain. Develop and deliver cyber security training programs for a variety of audiences such as plant operations staff, plant managers and cyber security personnel. Propose and prototype defense-in-depth industrial control system security measures for optimal threat protection, monitoring and incident response and provide guidance to stakeholder groups. Engage and assist stakeholder groups in assessing their cyber security posture and, when warranted, recommend practical process and technology-based solutions in order to achieve evidence-based improvements. Conduct research in one or more areas including vulnerability assessments, cyber security risk modelling, malware analysis, network and host forensics, intrusion detection, physical security, biometrics, counter measures development and assessment, automated auditing, penetration testing, and analytics. Responsible for leading software development and systems engineering in support of basic and applied cyber security research in the real-time I&C system domain. Coordinate and collaborate with other researchers and stakeholders. Promote a strong security culture An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics from a university of recognized standing and a minimum of fifteen (15) years of relevant experience in I&C systems technology, or information security/cyber security technology. Preferred knowledge, skills and abilities include:
Expertise in the development, deployment, maintenance and operations of I&C systems for safety applications.
General knowledge and/or experience with cyber security technologies (e.g., intrusion detection systems, forensic analysis tools, penetration testing tools, next generation firewalls, application control, whitelisting, AV, encryption, automated auditing, analytics), and advanced persistence threats, zero day exploits, and malware attack vectors.
Experience conducting safety and/or security risk assessments in the I&C domain.
Experienced in project management and contract management,
Experience in aspects of the systems development lifecycle and associated tools (e.g., requirements, design, implementation, integration, test, deployment, revision control, configuration management, change control).
Experience in the following technologies is highly desirable:
Modern computing technologies (e.g., switch and firewall configurations)
Operating systems (e.g., Windows, Windows Server, Linux)
Communication protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, HTTP, SSL)
I&C systems (e.g., PLCs, DCS)
Industrial I&C communication protocols (MODBUS, Profibus, OPC)
Demonstrated ability to lead teams to deliver on large projects
Demonstrated ability to prepare and deliver specialized training
Experience mentoring and developing junior staff
Excellent written and oral communication skills Expertise in the development, deployment, maintenance and operations of I&C systems for safety applications. General knowledge and/or experience with cyber security technologies (e.g., intrusion detection systems, forensic analysis tools, penetration testing tools, next generation firewalls, application control, whitelisting, AV, encryption, automated auditing, analytics), and advanced persistence threats, zero day exploits, and malware attack vectors. Experience conducting safety and/or security risk assessments in the I&C domain. Experienced in project management and contract management, Experience in aspects of the systems development lifecycle and associated tools (e.g., requirements, design, implementation, integration, test, deployment, revision control, configuration management, change control). Experience in the following technologies is highly desirable: Modern computing technologies (e.g., switch and firewall configurations) Operating systems (e.g., Windows, Windows Server, Linux) Communication protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, HTTP, SSL) I&C systems (e.g., PLCs, DCS) Industrial I&C communication protocols (MODBUS, Profibus, OPC) Demonstrated ability to lead teams to deliver on large projects Demonstrated ability to prepare and deliver specialized training Experience mentoring and developing junior staff Excellent written and oral communication skills 
ScrapedJobID192:
Implement and monitor information security measures for the safeguarding of computer facilities and corporate data Provide technical support for security tools and procedures Assist in the analysis of security risks and exposures Assist in the creation of policies and procedures Assist in the evaluation of new tools, technologies and procedures related to information security Implement, direct and enforce logical and physical security Monitor the existing information systems environment for possible security exposures; ensuring identified exposures are kept as confidential as possible; act upon problem, evaluating risk and identifying potential impact and determining an appropriate course of action Provide consultation to IT staff and guardians of information assets to assist them in applying appropriate security measures Participate in research and evaluations of logical and physical security products and procedures Participate in awareness programs to heighten security consciousness among users; makes information presentations regarding security issues as required Contribute to a positive work environment by collaborating and working effectively as a member of the team Think critically while also having fun working through complex problems Only students who reside in BC are eligible for this position due to BC privacy laws Is a 3rd or 4th year student enrolled in a computer science or computer science related program Previous co-op or relevant work experience in an office environment is preferred A cover letter, resume and transcript are required Submit all documents in one file (system accepts Word or PDF files) 
ScrapedJobID193:
Security: CBDC must have the highest levels of security so Canadians can use it with confidence, as they do our banknotes. Privacy: While not aiming for cash-like anonymity, CBDC should be highly private yet meet the obligation to be compliant with anti-money laundering and other regulations. Resilience: CBDC should continue to work even during electrical power and network outages. Universal Access: Regardless of their circumstances, CBDC should be usable by all Canadians, even by those without a bank account or access to a cellular phone, in remote communities not well served by cellular networks, and/or those with sensory, motor and cognitive impairments. Design the security architecture of CBDC applications and contribute to their overall design, including the critical examination and testing of vendor and designer solutions Contribute to threat modeling, vulnerability analysis and penetration testing Contribute to the security architecture of point-of-sale terminals and infrastructure endpoints Collaborate with vendors and partners on security assessments and audits Identify gaps and investigate new technologies on mobile platforms as pertaining to CBDC Ensure to be up to date on the latest vulnerability research and exploit mitigation techniques Liaise closely with, and consider impacts on, other aspects of the system, outside the immediate area of responsibility, in formulating technical designs Explain and rationalize design choices, especially when multiple options are available conducting security analysis and implementing security at the application, OS and device level mobile wallets design or development/deployment of secure mobile applications in the payment space security frameworks in iOS and Android The tools for conducting mobile applications penetration testing OWASP framework and experience with secure coding practices in a mobile application stack Multi-factor authentication, including techniques (such as TFA, (T)OTP, OAuth) Secure element programming Credentials, certificates, and public key infrastructure Analyze and adapt to evolving situations, define problems, synthesize research-based conclusions, and implement creative changes Make and explain complex trade-offs recommendations and communicate clearly and effectively with all levels of partners Exposure or involvement at the early stages of product development Experience with payment technologies such as Apple Pay and Google Pay and digital payments platforms (ex. Square, Shopify) Familiarity with biometrics Experience in ethical hacking and/or reverse-engineering Language requirement: English and French essential (bilingual) with a minimum starting level of functional (level 4) in second official language. Training may be provided to help reach the required level of fully functional (level 5) in second official language. Priority will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents Security level required: Secret There will be no relocation assistance provided Please save a copy of the job poster. Once the closing date has passed, it will no longer be available. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and further to public health guidelines, preventative measures are being taken to ensure health and safety during the recruitment process. All interviews are conducted virtually. Remote Work: Candidates not within commuting distance will be eligible to remote work from their current location within Canada for the duration of this term. Salaries are based on qualifications and experience and typically range from $95,500 to $119,400 (job grade 18) Depending on performance, you may be eligible for performance pay for successfully meeting (7 to 10% of your base salary) or for exceeding expectations (15% of your base salary). Exceptional performers who far exceed expectations may be eligible for higher performance pay. Flexible and comprehensive benefits so you can choose the level of health and dental coverage that meets your needs Extra vacation days (up to five each year) that you can purchase to add to your vacation entitlement Option to join the indexed, defined-benefit pension plan after 24 consecutive months of service #LI-POST 
ScrapedJobID194:
Evaluation : Tests d’intrusion et Audits de sécurité Maîtrise des risques numériques : Projets SSI et Sensibilisation Services Managés de Sécurité : Services managés de prévention, détection et réponse aux incidents Innovation : Recherche & développement La surveillance SSI ; La détection et l’analyse d’incidents de sécurité ; La coordination bout en bout de ses incidents SSI ; Les investigations ; Le reporting ; L’amélioration continue et les optimisations en matière de détection ; La veille SSI. Très rigoureux dans le travail, et avoir un bon sens relationnel et un excellent niveau de synthèse; Justifier d’une première expérience dans le domaine du SIEM ; Justifier d’une expérience dans une équipe d’exploitation. Connaissances réseaux (WAN/LAN); Forte compétence en exploitation système (Linux, UNIX, Windows Server) ; Compétence en gestion des incidents SSI ; SIEM RSA Security Analytics ou IBM QRadar, HP Arcsight, Splunk, etc. Analyse de logs et investigations numériques ; Solutions IDS/IPS Sourcefire, IBM ; Solutions de capture de flux ; Big Data (Hadoop…) 
ScrapedJobID195:
Support managing Key management platforms Support managing and Operating information security’s vulnerability management program in an effective manner, to reduce operational risks within Digital Work on vulnerability management process with ability to identify and improve efficiency in operations. Supporting the certificate management process Support the assessment and alignment to IT Controls under Digital ownership as well as contribute to improvement and further development of controls Support crypto key consumers in a decentralized model across multiple time zones. Support PKI operations Develop capabilities & solutions that deliver against our Cyber Security strategy. Support managing Security and Vulnerability remediation as they relate to cryptographic key elements Able to influence, innovate and drive Cyber Security standard methodologies. Support application teams with production incident resolution and provide inputs for partner management. Define and manage product roadmap. Identify gaps, suggest best practices to improve security posture within Digital. Researching of emerging threats to gain insight and understanding of the evolving threat landscape and its impact to Aviva Canada. 8+ years’ experience working in an enterprise IT environment. Strategic problem solver, self-starter, positive outlook, collaborative, persistence in face of challenges, with a passion for Cyber Security. Active information security certification, such as CISSP, OSCP, etc. Outstanding technical skills, knowledge of network protocols and network communication principles, understanding of vulnerabilities and remediation techniques. Experience with crafting detailed technical documentations for security solutions and operating efficiency process. Experience with Endpoint security technologies like Cisco AMP, Tanium, Microsoft Defender ATP, McAfee, etc. Experience with Network security technologies like Akamai, Cisco IPS, Checkpoint, Symantec Web Security, etc. Background in information security operations and threat and vulnerability management Exhibits strong analytical and conceptual thinking Ability to demonstrate dedication to Aviva and its internal & external customers. Work & collaborate with a distributed team Experienced with both Kanban, Scrum and working in an Agile organization. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Continuous improvement mindset. Professional and courteous in all interactions. University Degree in Computer Science or IT equivalent. Insurance industry specific background would be an asset. Competitive rewards package including base compensation, eligibility for annual bonus, retirement savings, share plan, health benefits, personal wellness, and volunteer opportunities. Exceptional Career Development opportunities. We’ll support your professional development education. 
ScrapedJobID196:
Evaluation : Tests d’intrusion et Audits de sécurité Maîtrise des risques numériques : Projets SSI et Sensibilisation Services Managés de Sécurité : Services managés de prévention, détection et réponse aux incidents Innovation : Recherche & développement La surveillance SSI ; La détection et l’analyse d’incidents de sécurité ; La coordination bout en bout de ses incidents SSI ; Les investigations ; Le reporting ; L’amélioration continue et les optimisations en matière de détection ; La veille SSI. Très rigoureux dans le travail, et avoir un bon sens relationnel et un excellent niveau de synthèse; Justifier d’une première expérience dans le domaine du SIEM ; Justifier d’une expérience dans une équipe d’exploitation. Connaissances réseaux (WAN/LAN); Forte compétence en exploitation système (Linux, UNIX, Windows Server) ; Compétence en gestion des incidents SSI ; SIEM RSA Security Analytics ou IBM QRadar, HP Arcsight, Splunk, etc. Analyse de logs et investigations numériques ; Solutions IDS/IPS Sourcefire, IBM ; Solutions de capture de flux ; Big Data (Hadoop…) 
ScrapedJobID197:
Support managing Key management platforms Support managing and Operating information security’s vulnerability management program in an effective manner, to reduce operational risks within Digital Work on vulnerability management process with ability to identify and improve efficiency in operations. Supporting the certificate management process Support the assessment and alignment to IT Controls under Digital ownership as well as contribute to improvement and further development of controls Support crypto key consumers in a decentralized model across multiple time zones. Support PKI operations Develop capabilities & solutions that deliver against our Cyber Security strategy. Support managing Security and Vulnerability remediation as they relate to cryptographic key elements Able to influence, innovate and drive Cyber Security standard methodologies. Support application teams with production incident resolution and provide inputs for partner management. Define and manage product roadmap. Identify gaps, suggest best practices to improve security posture within Digital. Researching of emerging threats to gain insight and understanding of the evolving threat landscape and its impact to Aviva Canada. 8+ years’ experience working in an enterprise IT environment. Strategic problem solver, self-starter, positive outlook, collaborative, persistence in face of challenges, with a passion for Cyber Security. Active information security certification, such as CISSP, OSCP, etc. Outstanding technical skills, knowledge of network protocols and network communication principles, understanding of vulnerabilities and remediation techniques. Experience with crafting detailed technical documentations for security solutions and operating efficiency process. Experience with Endpoint security technologies like Cisco AMP, Tanium, Microsoft Defender ATP, McAfee, etc. Experience with Network security technologies like Akamai, Cisco IPS, Checkpoint, Symantec Web Security, etc. Background in information security operations and threat and vulnerability management Exhibits strong analytical and conceptual thinking Ability to demonstrate dedication to Aviva and its internal & external customers. Work & collaborate with a distributed team Experienced with both Kanban, Scrum and working in an Agile organization. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Continuous improvement mindset. Professional and courteous in all interactions. University Degree in Computer Science or IT equivalent. Insurance industry specific background would be an asset. Competitive rewards package including base compensation, eligibility for annual bonus, retirement savings, share plan, health benefits, personal wellness, and volunteer opportunities. Exceptional Career Development opportunities. We’ll support your professional development education. 
ScrapedJobID198:
Perform security assessments of KUBRA systems, applications, and infrastructure providing written reports and recommendations for management review. Perform and review vulnerability assessments (including DAST and SAST). Build and maintain security tools with an emphasis on automation. Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to ensure security and compliance of all KUBRA owned computing systems and applications. Provide architectural security guidance to product engineering teams building software applications in compliance with industry standards (PCI-DSS, NIST, CIS) in public cloud environments. Review and suggest enhancements to SDLC and CI/CD processes Build threat models and security reporting tools. Maintain awareness of trends and changes in the Cybersecurity industry and threat landscape. Excellent written and verbal communications skills and an ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism in all client communications. Ability to influence others, build relationships, manage conflicts, and handle Understanding and following the business strategy, objectives, and adjusting to performance metrics. Excellent organization, time management, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Ability to handle pressure and focus on results Experience in public cloud is required (AWS, Azure, GCP) 2+ years of experience in Cyber Security roles with a preference in engineering. Experience work with software development or devops teams is preferred. Experience in systems or network administration is preferred. Experience working with industry standard regulations and compliance frameworks (PCI-DSS, ISO, NIST, SANS, SOX, SOC II, HIPAA) Proficiency in a wide range of public cloud technologies (ex. AWS EC2, EKS, EBS, RDS, S3, etc). Proficiency in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) technologies such as Cloudformation or Terraform. Scripting and automation skills highly preferred (APIs, Python, Bash, Powershell, Go) A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID199:
Undertake security threat and risk assessments in accordance with industry recognized standards, including the identification of administrative, procedural and technical control remediation items as required; Review of TRAs or SOC reports which may be provided by 3rd parties in support of shared systems and services reviews; Collaborate with and support other departments to identify security risks within their respective operational areas, make recommendations for appropriate security control remediation items and support the development of security process control improvements within those portfolios suitable for risk mitigation; Monitor, review and respond on security events received from SOC and track through to resolution. Escalate issues that cannot be resolved within acceptable time frames; Monitor for emerging threats, assess risks and recommend relevant controls and mitigation strategies; Coordinate and perform both network and web application vulnerability assessments; Review emerging security technologies and provide recommendation to enhance security of the infrastructure; Work with the respective team to implement server and network device hardening; Support security related projects; Review IT security controls and processes for the new application and services to ensure proper technical security controls on systems and applications, and processes; Work with external consultants as appropriate for independent security audits, incident response and risk remediation; Manage security awareness training program and report key findings and recommendations; Develop, manage and update, as required, information security policies and procedures; Perform other related duties as assigned. University Degree in Business Administration, Science or Engineering or equivalent; Minimum 5 years of experience in an Information Security role; Minimum 5 years of experience with administration of various security products such as Palo Alto, Cisco ASA and Juniper firewalls, VPN, McAfee DLP and endpoint protection, Microsoft SCCM, WSUS, Qualys and Tenable network and web application scanner, CIS benchmark; Possess good understanding of vulnerability scan remediation, and management; Strong understanding of IT Security concepts and best practices; Superior written and oral communications, interpersonal and customer-service skills; Demonstrated knowledge of and/or familiarity with standards and frameworks such as ITIL, COBIT, ISO/IEC 31000 series, ISO/IEC 27000 series, PCI, COSO, SOC 2; Demonstrated experience in undertaking supervised security threat and risk assessments, preferably within a healthcare context, using an industry recognized framework equivalent to the Harmonized Threat and Risk Assessment (HTRA) methodology; Certification in one or more IT governance or control standards such as ISC2 (e.g. CISSP), SANS, ISACA (e.g. CISM, CISA), PMI (e.g. PMBOK) or equivalent preferred; Strong analytical, problem-solving and negotiation skills; Excellent computer skills utilizing office productivity tools including email, word processing, database and spreadsheet applications; 
ScrapedJobID200:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Providing security recommendations and solutions for migrating and new applications in the Morgan Stanley environment across multiple Cloud providers including, but not limited to, Azure and AWS Running security solutions in the public cloud for monitoring and detection of vulnerabilities Own a portfolio of security tools designed to provide leading security platform capabilities Identify and monitor security risks at large scale Work with partners to establish the direction of the program, including defining priorities, coordinating with peer team Leading continuous improvement efforts of our security tools and systems Come with a growth mindset of excellent analytical, engineering and communication skills Collaborate and understand the needs and problems of our business lines Working in a globally distributed team to provide innovative and robust Cloud-centric security solutions. 5+ years' experience as a Cloud Security Operator, security tools and processes Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Math is preferred Expert knowledge of the Shared Responsibility Model; keen understanding of the security risks inherent in hosting cloud- based applications and data Experience with host-based cloud vulnerability scanning solutions Experience with vulnerability assessment and remediation Experience with system administration or patch management on Windows and Linux. Knowledge of CVEs and CVSS Experience on container and orchestration such as Kubernetes, EKS, AKS, Docker, OpenShift. Experience with scripting and automation Experience with SIEM solutions such as Splunk Experience with security configuration management in AWS and Azure Experience with managed Kubernetes services Understanding of cloud environment Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID201:
Designs and implements strategies for collaboration, code, infrastructure, source control, security, compliance, continuous integration, testing, delivery, monitoring, and feedback Develops strategy and plan for instrumentation, site reliability engineering, security, and compliance Provides in-depth knowledge of the AWS and DevOps infrastructure and evaluates the customer’s business and technical requirements as a trusted advisor Works closely with the IT team to develop automated solutions where possible, while maintaining reliability and adherence to security and compliance requirements Conducts regular reviews of systems and generates reports on risk mitigation planning, efficiencies, and improvement areas; takes ownership of mitigating the risk directly and establishing guidelines and best practices Implement and maintain CI/CD environment for products across organization. Write automation scripts for building, deploying various products. Provide support during Production release and as well all interim environmental release. Looking at Threads, Vulnerability Management, manage the Alerts that comes up within the environment, responsible for day-to-day security task, watching/monitoring the environment Serve as point of contact throughout the incident lifecycle, interacting directly with executives. Partner with product teams to review new products and features, develop threat models and perform risk assessments. Mentor and train security champions who are embedded in product development teams to understand security principles and best practices. Provide support as needed to Incident Response related events. Provide off-hours support on an infrequent, but as needed basis Post-secondary diploma/degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field Minimum 3 years of progressive technical experience in a development, design, or Delivery Operations engineering role. Minimum 2 years of practical experience in Automation Build and Delivery Operations. Experience in establishing engineering standards, frameworks, best practices, and tools aligned with SDLC. Experience in scripting languages, PowerShell, Batch, Shell Experience with CI and CD Tools Experience in providing support during production release. Experience with container deployment (Docker) Experienced in the incident response lifecycle. Ability to explain and reason about common programming errors and exploitation techniques (i.e., buffer overflows and OWASP web application vulnerabilities) and how they relate to threats and attacks. Outstanding communication skills with the ability to represent and explain complex technical concepts to a variety of audiences Good understanding of networking principles and how network architecture interacts with security (Standard networking stack, TLS, IPSEC, HTTP, DNS, etc) Good understanding of cryptography, web service frameworks, and service architectures (such as event-driven, service-oriented, or serverless architectures) In-depth knowledge of standard attacks and countermeasures Fluent in English and Marian Experienced working within an Agile Scrum environment, need to come from a regulated Enterprise environment 
ScrapedJobID202:
Responsible for the day to day fulfillment of firewall request globally Responsible for deployment and life cycle maintenance of site-to-site VPN/Firewall network platform. Responding to network security event and incident escalations from the first-level support Service Desk, internal/external clients and business partners Work closely with DevOps/Automation teams to identify opportunities for automation, provide technical requirements and validate functionality before production Performing root cause analysis with vendor engineers and escalation teams for major incidents and recurring problems, and implementing permanent solutions Creating/improving support documentation and ensuring shift reports are documented and kept up-to-date for major network-related outages Participate in 24 x 7 on-call rotational shifts including evenings and nights Participating in meetings and training sessions to review and understand new technology and service deployments Provides on-call L2 support for the cyber and network security infrastructure (i.e. firewalls, intrusion/malware prevention, web application firewalls, cloud security, etc.) Effectively communicates and builds rapport with team members, stakeholders and interface groups using a variety of techniques and collaboration from initiation to close. Facilitates small to medium size group meetings for technical design, problem solving and task implementation. Prepares and delivers presentations to technology partners. May act as project leader Typically requires 5 to 7 years of related experience. In depth and current technical knowledge of IP Internetworking and the security exposures and mitigating designs and processes associated with them. Thorough understanding of traditional and next generation cyber & network security technologies to identify and combat internal and external threats while delivering a secure, scalable and consistent service Experience in cyber & network security technology Strong understanding of networking fundamentals Strong understanding of security exposures and mitigating designs IT Standards, Methodologies, CMM & audit requirements University or College Degree in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent years of experience as a Technical Analyst In-depth technical understanding in a variety of hardware and software platforms. Experience on applications with multiple Checkpoint certification (CCSA) Palo Alto certification (PCNSA) A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID203:
Responsible for acting on alerts, events, and incidents escalated Triage malware incidents, their priority, and the need for escalation Monitor for emerging threat patterns and vulnerabilities Assist with recommendations and workarounds Coordinate with other external stakeholders Communicate with management on incident updates Ability to complete the incident lifecycle without higher level supervision Establish and maintain intrusion detection policies and offense rules Tune response and alerting mechanisms Provide status reports to applicable management Have a thorough understanding of technological requirements for client systems and provide guidelines to effectively mitigate security risks Analyze and assess Firewall policy and rule base sets Handle emergencies 24x7 Assist with BAU activities if not responding to incidents 2+ years of experience in Information Technology industry, preferably in a financial services organization with direct incident management experience. Prior experience of network analysis tools, scripting languages, software vulnerabilities, exploits and malware. BE or BA degree, preferably in technology/business or equivalent. Relevant certifications such as Security plus or Network plus. Prior experience of network traffic analysis for identifying any developing patterns. Experience of working in a high volume and result-oriented operational environment. Possess solid understanding of enterprise grade technologies including; Operating systems, databases and web applications and applicable monitoring tools (e.g. SIEM, DLP, Internet filtering/blocking, IDS/IPS, firewalls, Anti-Virus, EDR, Cloud Security and encryption technologies). Demonstrated network traffic analysis capabilities for identifying any emerging patterns. Ability to assume leadership role on ad-hoc basis for managing Level 1 Analysts. Ability to read and understand system data including security event logs, system logs, application logs, and device logs, etc. Network infrastructure knowledge. Security configuration knowledge. Proficient operational understanding of how to ascertain, validate, and employ data from sources that are generally available to the public. Fluent in the techniques that actors utilize to attack an organization and understand how to pull information from large data sets and how to structure information for reuse Proficient knowledge of collection and analysis methods as well as knowledge in multiple tools, utilized for data correlation. Ability to communicate assertively – verbally as well as in writing- technical information clearly and concisely, commensurate with the audience. Maintain strict confidentiality of all security issues. Hours will include evenings and/or weekends and may include 24 hour a day on call support by pager and/or cell phone. Position will be required to work afternoon-evening shift. RRSP Contributions Health & Wellness Benefits Work flexibility Programs Parental Leave Benefits Study Support 
ScrapedJobID204:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID205:
You leverage your prior experience and involvement in development and process improvement initiatives on your new team as we work to automate new cybersecurity products and services. You will use your strong desire to better understand the automation needs of new and existing products, services, and support infrastructure. Connect the dots to align on what changes are needed from a capability and system perspective to address the needs of our cybersecurity products and services. You have excellent collaboration skills which you use to both partner with others and to obtain alignment on your ideas and recommendations You are able to gather and analyze requirements for automation and cybersecurity projects. You can discover, learn and operate on new and existing technologies to implement automation solutions. You will develop solutions using technologies such as Ansible and Python. You have a software development skillset that supports a team of network and security experts. You have established experience and knowledge with networking, software, and security concepts. You are recognized as a collaborative team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Valued for your strategic and creative thinking and ability to come up with innovative ideas and solutions Recognized as a technical leader, with an ability to identify and resolve technical roadblocks. Have an innate ability to develop use cases through requirement gathering and analysis skills. Confident with interacting, facilitating, and presenting to a wide audience with solid written and verbal communication University degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent. 3-5 years of experience developing software, security, and/or automation projects. Previous experience supporting development processes, including cross-functional collaborative initiatives Experience working with cross-functional teams, including operations and other technical support teams. You must be performing at standard in your current role for a minimum of 12 months* The opportunity should be aligned to goals within your 'My Development' plan. You are responsible for notifying your support person of your application You must apply online Or in accordance with applicable collective agreement 
ScrapedJobID206:
8 hour shift IT security: 7 years (preferred) SIEM: 3 years (preferred) vulnerability management: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID207:
Elicit, gather, and document solution requirements; help identify desired results and provide an understanding of the opportunity or issue Be proactive and flexible, able to deliver suggestions and present options to stakeholders Gain consensus and ensure stakeholder sign off of proposed solution Translate operational business requirements into well defined technical requirements Assist in scope definition and managing initiatives from definition through implementations, providing necessary updates and communication to stakeholders Contribute to short, medium, and long-term tech roadmap; proactively initiate projects and identify and involve the correct stakeholders to make each endeavour a success Make recommendations on best practices for improvements to the project lifecycle; take ownership and implement new ways of working upon approval. Work with developers to ensure requirements are understood and proposed architecture is in-line with best practice Contribute to test case development and coordination with QA Monitor overall project progress and timelines; monitor work assignment and calibrate developer workloads to optimize project output Communicate new features and functionality with the operations team through user documentation and training Provide second level technical support / investigation of bugs and feature requests coming from the operations team 3+ years of demonstrated related professional experience Demonstrated professional experience being responsible for architecting, developing, and documenting technical design Excellent time management and attention to detail Strong analytical and problem solving skills; ability to make effective decisions under pressure Proactively take on projects with minimal supervision Solutions oriented, creative thinker who can take the initiative in moving technical ideas forward with clarity Ability to work with flexible targets and timelines. Priorities may change quickly at times; the successful candidate is able to shift focus quickly and manage multiple projects running in parallel The ability to prioritize, multi task, and handle time sensitive deadlines in a fast paced environment An opportunity to be part of a highly successful and growing organization Consistent career path development with growth & advancement opportunities available to successful candidates Excellent working conditions in a dynamic work environment Benefits plan including health and dental coverage Online wellness portal free to all employees (including: fitness, nutrition, meditation and much more) Competitive time off for all employees Learning and Development - Reimbursement for relevant designations Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID208:
Builds up knowledge and keeps it up-to-date in regards of security, the SAP CX Products in the area of responsibility and the components, technologies and services used by it/them. Provides consulting to developers, knowledge management, quality assurance, operations members in the area of responsibility with their security related questions. Translates generic security requirements to guidelines specific to the SAP CX Products and is tasked with ensuring that vulnerabilities reported from external sources are fixed on a priority. Contributes to extension and improvement of the security knowledge base at SAP CX and assures that the security improvements of the SAP CX Products. Carries out security assessments, Pentesting results,Threat Modeling, to reveal architectural security issues and assists the team to reach a secure design. Responsible for the execution of the secure software development lifecycle and executes security-related operations processes and procedures. Contributes to centrally initiated security assessment/testing activities, assists our developers in implementing fixes and tracks handling of incidents, and if actions are taken in time, and resulting in a sufficient level of quality. Reviews code scan findings to find patterns, and work out guidelines for resolution and takes immediate countermeasures to address security issues. Information Security experience in a broad technical role and thereof 5-7 years of project management experience in large scale, international, strategic projects Product Management and Agile experience. Bachelor or master's degree in computer science, business informatics, natural sciences, engineering or comparable education. Good understanding of cloud infrastructure, load balancing, networking and security operations and ability to work in a global operations environment. Experience with cloud security concepts, solutions, and automation. Experince with Programming Languages like Java,Javascript. Experience in working with Hyperscaler - Cloud Security Infrastructure and knowledge of DevOps and incident management tools, e.g. Git, JIRA or equivalents. 
ScrapedJobID209:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID210:
Can you develop and articulate, to internal and external audiences including our issuer, merchant and acquirer partners, thought leadership on current cybersecurity & fraud trends in customer needs, best practices, implications for product rollouts, and future product opportunities? Do you have a proven track record of strategic selling and executing strategy successfully against measurable objectives? Can you work in in a diverse cross functional environment with limited support? Work as part of the Canada Product team to manage C&I product portfolio. Devise and implement strategies for their rollout and adoption. Support the markets with adequate analysis/global case studies as required to demonstrate the value of these products. Working closely with NAM & global teams to identify and execute product enhancements and new product constructs to drive additional revenue opportunities. These efforts may include concept validation, business case development, creation of associated pricing and other market readiness activities Demonstrate thought-leadership, product/technology management expertise and strong strategic selling skills Foster and maintain a close partnership with various stakeholders – sales teams, account leads and key customers to gather feedback and drive ongoing product improvement and drive the successful rollout of the solutions to issuers, acquirers and merchants. Understand the required product functionality and features, and commercialization of products in consultation with internal stakeholders (i.e., product sales, customer delivery, customer implementation team, relationship managers, O&T, Legal, Franchise) external customers and third parties. Ensure accurate and timely pipeline & revenue tracking and forecasting Monitor and evaluate product performance; ability to locate and use relevant data to support performance measurement, tracking, and product insights. Assist with the implementation of a new product management excellence (PME) discipline. This position requires a highly collaborative and self-driven individual who will need to manage relationships across multiple functional areas, regions and executives - at times remotely with limited supervisory support. Cross-functional team leadership experience managing multiple, complex projects concurrently and delivering timely results under tight timelines Knowledge of Cybersecurity industry trends, fraud and authentication products; broader payment and transaction ecosystem understanding of competitive landscape and industry trends a plus Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with an ability to identify key issues, structure analysis and synthesize large amounts of data, and provide recommendations effectively Strong interpersonal and leadership skills to influence and build credibility; team oriented, collaborative, diplomatic, and flexible Personal presence and ability to clearly communicate compelling messages to senior management and business partners both internally and externally including Head of Fraud, CISO, CIO roles within customer organizations Ability to embrace complexity, but deliver/articulate simplicity Advanced degree helpful 
ScrapedJobID211:
3 Year degree or diploma in Computer Science or equivalent experience Minimum 1 year Help Desk experience in an IT service environment Customer service focus Ability to troubleshoot and probe to conduct accurate analysis of issues Knowledge of computer operations, system and network monitoring, hardware and software Operational experience, including ongoing monitoring and corrective and preventative follow-ups Knowledge of health industry standards for Electronic Information security Ability to follow procedures and document problems Ability to work independently with little supervision Demonstrated ability to work under pressure, prioritize and deal with multiple conflicting demands Ability to work all shifts, including weekends; ability for multi-site coverage when required Recent satisfactory performance and attendance records Adherence to GBHS ‘CARE’ Behaviours (Collaboration, Accountability, Respect, Excellence) and ‘LEAD’ Competencies (Lead by example, Empower, Achieve results, Develop others) and a commitment to a safe workplace free of violence and harassment Advocates and supports a culture of patient safety and demonstrates an understanding of how the department service and assigned responsibilities contribute to overall patient safety at GBHS through patient safety knowledge, skills and attitudes Experience and current appropriate certification in Microsoft, AIX or Oracle and Cerner 
ScrapedJobID212:
Translating complex security framework requirements into simple and readable policies, tasks and control activities. Analyzing existing policy content for gaps against various information security frameworks and standards Working with the Senior Director of Product in the research, scoping, planning and execution of product plans to incorporate new frameworks and regulations into existing content across the application. Keeping on top of changes to existing frameworks and standards, applying changes and continuous improvement into application content. Writing policy content. Writing additional helpful content to assist customers in the implementation and maintenance of policy. Writing and organizing the content in a product that helps people secure trust in their customers. Writing discovery questions and some select responses. Training an application to deliver content based on user responses to discovery questions. Interacting with customers to discover/define security requirements and solve real-world problems. Taking on additional responsibilities as the company scales and being challenged by the Senior Director of Product as deemed appropriate for your development in your role. Building and managing relationships with consultant and auditor partners to improve content quality and accuracy. Taking on responsibilities such as project management and service delivery management of advisory services, penetration testing and other professional services. Ability to interpret and apply theory into practice. Outstanding written communication skills. Written and oral fluency in English is paramount. Bilingual or multilingual written and oral fluency is an asset. 1-3 years minimum working in information security is a must. A strong understanding of information security is a must. Strongly recommend having experience writing security policies. Relevant certifications include: ISO Implementor/auditor, CISSP, CISA, etc. Experience with SOC2 type I or type II a bonus. Experience as an ISO 27001 auditor or implementer is a bonus. Willingness to seek opportunities to improve the application, the content and the company in the form of receiving opportunities for paid (employer-paid) training, certifications and professional development. Display clear motivation about collaborating and communicating closely with other teams and stakeholders. Be willing to collaborate and assist teammates, share knowledge and experience with them, and learn from their knowledge and experience. Be open to receiving feedback and constructive criticism. Be prepared to give feedback and constructive criticism. Be a continuous learner and pursue self-improvement opportunities. Stay motivated about and remain current on industry trends and research in application, cybersecurity and information security. 
ScrapedJobID213:
Drive Thinking Capital’s security platform forward as a security developer Design complete security and cryptographic solutions. Develop secure code to protect our APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, and partner integration platforms. Fully automate large-scale solutions to detect advanced threats to our online financial services. Develop and deploy security policies, standards, guidelines, tools, and frameworks. Perform threat modeling to prioritize the design and development of appropriate mitigations. 5+ years of computer, network, and communications security experience. Security analysis of web applications. Secure software development using web application frameworks. Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL. Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line. Working autonomously and being highly resourceful. Experience with agile, test-driven design methodology. BSC, MSC, or Ph.D. in computer science or engineering. Ruby on Rails, Python/Django Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Git or other version control systems Building a RESTful API Heroku, Kubernetes, Docker for production deployment Accounting, payment, billing, or other finance solutions We believe in innovation and vibrant culture - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID214:
Assist in the development and implementation of the cybersecurity risk management program based on the Firm’s acceptable risk tolerance levels Conduct business impact analysis and information security risk assessment on new projects, initiatives, mergers and acquisitions Advise and support the business on day to day activities and provide guidance on the remediation plans to mitigate risk Document and track all activities in the risk assessment report review and approval processes Develop dashboards and reporting on Firm risk and compliance activities Track, monitor and follow up on all risk findings in the risk register Help evaluate and improve Cyber Security policies and ensure compliance by all stakeholders Work with Cyber Security team members in evaluating the efficacy of each control and provide recommendations to increase security posture Define, capture, and report Key Performance Indicators for security dashboards in the areas of risk and compliance management, Cyber Security training and awareness Participate in tabletop exercises and disaster recovery drills, and provide recommendations as part of lessons learned At least 3 years of progressive experience in Cyber Security risk management, with at least 1 to 2 years of experience in Security GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) Completion of CISM, CISSP or other relevant security certificates Knowledge and experience with Cyber Security and Information Technology domains Knowledge of cloud security (AWS & Azure) Demonstrated analytical and critical thinking skills when developing remediation recommendations and findings prioritization Demonstrated analytical and critical thinking in investigating security alerts and resolving incidents Understanding of IT operations in general and being able to speak to IT teams accordingly Continuous research on current and emerging cyber threats, commonly used tactics, techniques and procedures by malicious actors 
ScrapedJobID215:
Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Willing to travel Travel expenses paid by employer Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Various locations Security software Programming software Programming languages Software development Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID216:
Help establish new MDR (Managed Detection and Response) service by working actively with initial clients. Evaluate cases for clients and guide resolution. You will have the ultimate decision making power. Investigate new and odd cases, establish precedent and documentation. Feed security system with decision to enable automation and scalability. Evaluate new security software and collaborate on implementation within the Managed Security team. Be in charge of cyber security watch, stay informed of new cyber threats affecting our market. Participate to Sherweb cybersecurity thought leadership by writing or collaborating on blog articles, talking at conferences, etc. Real passion for cyber security and related new technologies College diploma and/or university degree in technology Work in IT that included responsibility over cybersecurity Experience in analyzing security incidents and issues in any kind of enterprise Security certifications (CISSP, CEH, CISM, Security+, Microsoft MVP in a relevant domain) or personal work in security (hack-a-tons, blogs, etc.) are assets Knowledge of these technologies is an asset:
Office365
EPP/AV
Email Security
IaaS (Azure, AWS, GCE)
SaaS Office365 EPP/AV Email Security IaaS (Azure, AWS, GCE) SaaS Communication skills – Why? Because you will be expected to explain and vulgarize concepts by adapting the style and content of your messages to your audience (whether it’s internal client, external clients or your teammates). Organization and resourcefulness – Why? Because we don’t believe in micromanagement. You will need to figure out solutions on your own by using your skills, your knowledge and any relevant information you can get your hands on. Problem-solving skills – Why? Because when you will face a problem, you will first analyze the information before identifying the possible causes. You will then explore and implement the most efficient and logical solutions. Adaptability – Why? Because our industry evolves constantly. You will have to adjust your thinking and methods to better suit new or unplanned situations (whether it’s for your daily tasks or your work environment). 
ScrapedJobID217:
Perform security assessments of KUBRA systems, applications, and infrastructure providing written reports and recommendations for management review. Perform and review vulnerability assessments (including DAST and SAST). Build and maintain security tools with an emphasis on automation. Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to ensure security and compliance of all KUBRA owned computing systems and applications. Provide architectural security guidance to product engineering teams building software applications in compliance with industry standards (PCI-DSS, NIST, CIS) in public cloud environments. Review and suggest enhancements to SDLC and CI/CD processes Build threat models and security reporting tools. Maintain awareness of trends and changes in the Cybersecurity industry and threat landscape. Excellent written and verbal communications skills and an ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism in all client communications. Ability to influence others, build relationships, manage conflicts, and handle Understanding and following the business strategy, objectives, and adjusting to performance metrics. Excellent organization, time management, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Ability to handle pressure and focus on results Experience in public cloud is required (AWS, Azure, GCP) 2+ years of experience in Cyber Security roles with a preference in engineering. Experience work with software development or devops teams is preferred. Experience in systems or network administration is preferred. Experience working with industry standard regulations and compliance frameworks (PCI-DSS, ISO, NIST, SANS, SOX, SOC II, HIPAA) Proficiency in a wide range of public cloud technologies (ex. AWS EC2, EKS, EBS, RDS, S3, etc). Proficiency in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) technologies such as Cloudformation or Terraform. Scripting and automation skills highly preferred (APIs, Python, Bash, Powershell, Go) A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID218:
Answer inbound phone calls from individuals impacted by a data incident, individuals that need assistance using or accessing Kroll’s website and individuals that may have been impacted by fraud. Provide excellent customer service support and be professional and courteous with callers at all times. Must provide accurate information regarding Kroll’s products, services, and product delivery systems. Ability to accurately answer credit related questions from consumers. Ability to file accurate and complete consumer credit disputes. Provide accurate and timely fraud consultation. Accurately diagnose an identity theft issue during the course of the fraud consultation call Maintain confidential information in accordance with company procedures and standards. Accurately analyze and explain information typically found in a consumer credit file maintained by the national credit repositories. Accurately analyze and explain information found in other various consumer reports. Understand the PIPEDA legislation as it applies to ID theft and identity restoration. Remain current on trends concerning ID theft and common fraud scams. Participate in QA call review meetings with Manager to review performance Must study for and pass the United States’ Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) certification exam. Study time, costs for exam and materials will be provided by Kroll. Periodically complete continuing education courses as required. Other administrative work relating to the restoration process as needed. Education – Bachelor’s degree or equivalent is preferred although relevant experience will be considered in lieu of a degree. Must be flexible, enthusiastic, adaptable and possess good interpersonal skills. Must be proficient in MS office products, i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (listening, verbal, written)
Must demonstrate the ability to work collegially and effectively with current and potential clients, as well as staff at all levels of company (Kroll).
Ability to communicate effectively particularly with external clients and internal colleagues demonstrating the ability to reach the desired outcome.
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; participates in meetings.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; able to read and interpret written information Must demonstrate the ability to work collegially and effectively with current and potential clients, as well as staff at all levels of company (Kroll). Ability to communicate effectively particularly with external clients and internal colleagues demonstrating the ability to reach the desired outcome. Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; participates in meetings. Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; able to read and interpret written information Sitting for long periods of time in close proximity to a computer screen. No business travel is required. Climate-controlled office building located on a campus and composed of offices, cubicles, conference rooms and computer data center. Individual must have the ability to work independently and as a member of a team. May be asked to be available for on-call after hours phone support as needed by the business. Speak French Fluently 
ScrapedJobID219:
Experience implementing, administering, and troubleshooting enterprise security solutions. Practical hands-on knowledge of computer, network, and security systems. Critical thinking with the ability to analyze, troubleshoot and problem-solve quickly. Communicates clearly with concise details to transfer information to others. Installing, administering, and troubleshooting network security solutions. Updating software with the latest security patches and ensuring the proper defenses are present for each network resource. Performing vulnerability and penetration tests, identifying and defending against threats, and developing disaster recovery plans. Configuring security systems, analyzing security requirements, and recommending improvements. Monitoring network traffic for suspicious behavior. Creating low-level security architectures and procedures, authorization roles, and defending against unauthorized access, modifications and destruction. Consulting with staff, managers and executives about the best security practices and providing technical advice. Implementing and supporting security tools, such as firewalls, IPS, as well as anti-virus software, Office365, SIEM. Train staff to understand and use security protocols. Coordinate with internal vendors on security projects and deployment. 5+ years in IT (various roles) security Engineer or network security, endpoint security, SOC analyst. 2+ years of experience working with Azure Cloud security environments as a security engineer handling day to day implementations and configurations. 2+ years of experience in implementing and managing network and endpoint security initiatives and projects. An Associate's or Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, cyber security, or a related field. Advanced training certifications are considered an asset. Security certifications like CompTIA Security+, Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Associate are considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID220:
Amazing customer service skills
Windows Server (all versions)
Firewalls, Managed Switches, VPNs & WiFi (VLAN, Routing knowledge)
Exchange Server (all versions)
Experience with Hyper-V & VMware Infrastructure
MCSA, MCSE, CCNA or VCP Certification is desired
Azure & Office 365
Remote Desktop Server
SQL Database and permissions
VoIP administration
Extensive knowledge of Active Directory
Solid understanding of complex IP networks
Project Management skills
Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication, time management, project management
Proficiency in presentation of technical and business subjects to technical and non-technical audiences
Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and drive to be successful
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or assistance.
Minimum five years relevant IT experience fully supporting and building SMB environments.
Aptitude and desire to build and mentor a team of your own.
Must have valid driver's license and access to a vehicle
Professional yet fun and friendly attitude! Amazing customer service skills Windows Server (all versions) Firewalls, Managed Switches, VPNs & WiFi (VLAN, Routing knowledge) Exchange Server (all versions) Experience with Hyper-V & VMware Infrastructure MCSA, MCSE, CCNA or VCP Certification is desired Azure & Office 365 Remote Desktop Server SQL Database and permissions VoIP administration Extensive knowledge of Active Directory Solid understanding of complex IP networks Project Management skills Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication, time management, project management Proficiency in presentation of technical and business subjects to technical and non-technical audiences Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and drive to be successful Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or assistance. Minimum five years relevant IT experience fully supporting and building SMB environments. Aptitude and desire to build and mentor a team of your own. Must have valid driver's license and access to a vehicle Professional yet fun and friendly attitude! 
ScrapedJobID221:
Lead, develop and contribute to Service deliverables with a security focus on IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS services, emphasizing Microsoft Azure and 0365 that requires partnership with cross functional teams to deliver reliable and scalable security capabilities optimizing confidentiality, integrity, availability, functionality, performance, and financial costs. Responsible for reviewing DevOps, SDLC and Open Systems Software environments and ensuring security is embedded into these process/environments. Responsible for aligning and translating business requirements into secure solutions, reviewing technical architectures for applications and products to ensure they meet security standards and creating reference architectures that can be leveraged by technology functions across the firm to develop secure solutions. Perform as a subject matter professional on DevSecOps and cloud technology security with responsibilities to coach other members of the broader Technology Architecture function with ITS. Participate and act as a promoter and guardian of secure design and secure architecture standards/practices and establish a review process to support compliance. Responsible for aligning and translating business requirements and architectures into secure solutions and designs for applications and products. Develop and maintain security architecture artifacts (models, templates, standards and procedures) that can be used to leverage security capabilities in projects and operations. Conduct security assessments of internal systems, applications and IT infrastructure to ensure compliance with secure architecture standards. Conduct code reviews of applications to determine security flaws or other issues that would impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the software. Coordinate with DevOps teams to advocate secure coding practices and escalate concerns related to poor coding practices to the Sr. Manager of Security or CISO Coordinate with the security team to document data flows of sensitive information within the organization and recommend controls to ensure this data is adequately secured. Validate security configurations and access to security infrastructure tools, including firewalls, intrusion prevention systems (IPSs), web application firewalls (WAFs), anti-malware/endpoint protection systems, etc. Review network segmentation to ensure least privilege for network access. Work with the security team to review and evaluate the design and operational effectiveness of security-related controls. 5+ years of relevant experience in a fast-paced, enterprise-level environment Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related work experience, or equivalent. Previous security experience in a consultancy role collaborating with internal ITS teams as well as business teams. Experience in translating complex security-related matters into business terms that are readily understood by internal IT and business service line teams. Experience interpreting business, technology and threat drivers, and develop practical security roadmaps to deal with these drivers. Experience reviewing application code for security vulnerabilities Experience in developing DevSecOps practises while focusing on securing open systems solutions Documented experience and a strong working knowledge of the methodologies to conduct threat-modeling exercises on new applications and services Experience designing the deployment of applications and infrastructure into public cloud services (Microsoft Azure) Experience in building cloud architecture with Azure, using Azure Resource Manager, Azure IaaS, PaaS offerings Experience and understanding of Infrastructure as Code, Automation, and Orchestration Experience managing security infrastructure such as NextGen Firewalls, Logging and Web Application Firewalls for example. Experience with Cisco advance security technologies such as Tetration and Stealthwatch Some out of hours support maybe required. Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID222:
Surveiller, détecter, enquêter, analyser et répondre aux événements de sécurité dans l'entreprise; Concevoir diverses stratégies et systèmes de défense contre les intrus; Développer de nouvelles assises de protection et mettre à jour les systèmes de sécurité; Maintenir les opérations quotidiennes et les structures de données en supervisant les performances opérationnelles; Gestion des pares-feux et de tous les systèmes de sécurité. Définir, documenter et diffuser les politiques de sécurité; Assurer la détection des menaces et de ses réponses, implanter SIEM et CASB; Assister/procéder aux tests de pénétration, aux analyses de vulnérabilité et effectuer des recherches spécifiques dans le Dark web; Effectuer des campagnes de sensibilisation aux utilisateurs et établir des stratégies de contrôle d’accès d’MFA; Être disponible les jours fériés et les fins de semaines occasionnellement pour assurer une couverture d’appel en tout temps. Des horaires de travail flexibles; Des nouveaux espaces de travail dans un environnement de travail illuminé et moderne; Quatre semaines de vacances; Cinq congés payés (en plus des fériés) lors de la fermeture des bureaux pour le temps des Fêtes; Cinq congés mobiles par année; Des assurances collectives et un programme de REER compétitif; Un gym sur place avec des « trainings » trippants, du yoga ou de la danse sur l’heure du midi; Service de traiteur à prix abordables avec contribution de l’employeur; Remboursement des cotisations à un ordre professionnel; Stationnement et bornes électriques; Café et collations/fruits frais gratuits; Activités divertissantes organisées régulièrement par le Club Social. Tu as un diplôme ou une certification en cybersécurité ou autres disciplines pertinentes, ou combinaison de formations et d’expériences pertinentes ; Tu détiens une grande connaissance des pratiques de sécurité de l'industrie et en analyse du comportement des utilisateurs; Tu possèdes de l’expérience dans la définition de politiques de sécurité informatique; Tu as d’excellentes habiletés dans l'implantation, l'administration et le dépannage d'outils de sécurité tels que les contrôleurs d'accès et les pares-feux; Tu possèdes de bonnes capacités dans la conception, l'architecture et l’implantation de réseaux, VMS, bases de données, sécurité et Cloud; Tu as des connaissances d’Active Directory et des technologies connexes; Tu as des connaissances d'une ou de plusieurs technologies de script comme PowerShell; Tu détiens de l’expérience dans l’administration, le support des infrastructures et des installations sur les différents sites (équipement, matériel, alimentation, environnement); Tu es orienté vers le travail d’équipe et la collaboration; Tu es reconnu pour ton excellent sens de l’organisation, ta rigueur, ta capacité à gérer les priorités et travailler sous pression; Tu détiens une aisance à communiquer avec les autres et tu maîtrises assez bien la langue anglaise tant à l'oral et qu’à l'écrit; Être disponible pour des déplacements à l’international. 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Oui 
ScrapedJobID223:

ScrapedJobID224:
Is the Prime point of contact for all Audit engagements and Regulatory / Compliance examinations which impact the LOB Coordinates and oversees any meetings and engagements with Audit, and Compliance including Tracks progress on remediation of Audit and Compliance findings / observations Own and manage the LOB Technology & Operational Risk Register Develop and operationalize management reporting to highlight progress of key risk remediation activities. Chair LOB Technology Risk Committee Monthly meetings Develop and operationalize LOB Technology Risk Scorecard (working with 2nd line partners – e.g. Security Operations) includes defining LOB Technology Risk Metrics (key Risk Indicators) tied to risk related operational activities and identifying associated LOB control/KRI owners. Managing direct people Provide day to day review analysis of the perimeter IT network trying to determine unauthorized access attempts, probes, pre-attack information gathering, network mapping and monitoring mail for unauthorized data extraction. Review server and network security for inappropriate activity/ incidents such as large amounts of unauthorized data being moved or transferred or unauthorized access to financial or Executive data including emails. Provide security scans of internal computer networks to search for unauthorized devices, detect suspicious activity, such as inappropriate printing of files from key IT systems such as SAP, Customer One, Peoplesoft, or any of the other key business or financial systems. Provide scans to detect the emailing of large attachments to personal email accounts, inappropriate employee communication with suspicious persons, suspicious clearing of system audit logs, information leaks, IT sabotage-specific detection and to identify inappropriate access or transmission of sensitive data or use and presence of hacking tools. Participate in Business and IT initiated projects; Attend project reviews as required, including assessment of Project Orders, RFP’s, Business Cases and Service Requirement Documents (SRD’s); Ensure security requirements for the project are defined and captured; Provide security architecture expertise to the project; Catalogue all security risks with the project, including those created within the proposed solution and those generated through project activities; Review and recommend approval for proposed technology solution; Review and recommend approval for sustainment adjustments as a result of remedial actions for risk reduction. Remain operationally current for all key and critical Hydro One IT systems and networks to ensure investigations are necessary, core operational competencies and skills will improve and ensure that the full range of potential root causes are explored without putting at risk the continued operation of the system or network. Conduct complex and technical IT investigations and address general queries regarding recovery, authentication, and analysis of electronic data when an investigation involves issues relating to reconstruction of computer usage, xamination of residual data, authentication of data by technical analysis. Conduct IT security threat and risk assessments related to key and critical IT systems and networks as it relates to external threats, labour disruptions and internal wrong-doing. Complete detailed investigative reports outlining the key elements, evidence collected, findings and recommendations regarding IT security investigations. Work with Law Enforcement High Tech crime groups and maintain an operational skills level in order to gather and protect key IT evidence that may lead to criminal, civil (or both) court proceedings. Remain current with the safe and effective securing of evidence on a wide variety of wired and wireless electronic devices used for and within the Hydro One business. Provide assistance to physical security relating to Cyber asset security by identifying critical cyber related devices and determine IT system relevance. Conduct IT Data and Cyber Security awareness programs through presentation and education. Review items posted to the corporate web page to determine if they represent an overall security risk. Assist the Director of Business Information Technology in the assessment of IT Security work programs focused on the prevention, detection and response to breaches and malicious behaviours targeting Hydro One’s IT systems and networks. Assist CSS Security Consultants in responding to their work programs. University degree or related studies, or equivalent experience. 10+ years experience Proven ability to meet deadlines and manage priorities. Good communications skills with the ability to work/liaise effectively with business, IT stakeholders, and vendor representatives. Relevant experience in utility sector is preferred. 
ScrapedJobID225:
Troubleshoot application-related issues/inquiries and follow up with backend support when required Perform software administration, configuration, evolution (enhancement), upgrades and patches Analyze business needs, document requirements and design technical solutions with customers Develop concepts and best practices for security applications Participate in the planning, development and implementation of both cloud and on-premise infrastructure upgrades and migrations Create custom reports from different types of database sources Provide coaching and training to business users Develop and maintain procedures and documentation Participate in application portfolio management activities, including Product Lifecycle Management, Cost of Ownership, etc. Provide Functional Design Documents when required Perform incident handling, service restoration, logging and tracking Perform problem investigation and follow-up resolution, including defect resolution Ensure compliance with all appropriate CN IT standards (e.g. Security, Architecture, Project Delivery Methodology, SOX, ITIL, etc.) Interface with business colleagues, I&T Help Desk, IT Command Center (ITCC) , I&T support teams or Vendor Collaborate with other team members to improve overall support activities and product evolution activities. Define and execute enhancement / project activities around configuration, design specification and testing Provide SME knowledge and key requirements for the operationalization and support of the application Collaborate to the transition to core (T2C) to help enforce the support excellence standard. Ramp-up his/her knowledge on upcoming key technologies Generate automation ideas to help improve support effectiveness Design and implement suitable automated processes to optimise day-to-day support activities Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience Problem-solving and investigation skills Ability to meet deadlines Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Good communication, time management and interpersonal skills Ability to quickly understand assignments and work independently Ability to multi-task in a constantly evolving environment Knowledge of Identity Management or Cyber Security Working knowledge of ISIM, Saviynt, GRC, CyberArk, Multi-Factor Authentication, ServiceNow, Active Directory, SAP, Linux Experience configuring and customizing applications as administrator Hands-on experience dealing with databases JavaScript and SQL knowledge is an asset Minimum of 5 years experience with concepts, techniques, and tools in the development configuration, and management of production systems Minimum 3 years of experience in developing solutions for and/or supporting enterprise level security applications Experience with successful project implementation May be required to respond to emergency situations Rotating pager support 
ScrapedJobID226:
IT Help Desk - provide first and second level technical support through phone and email Support Windows and MAC desktop and laptop computers General access and connectivity issues Desktop application issues Basic administration of user accounts and groups Take ownership of trouble tickets, working and tracking issues to resolution Record detailed information into Service Desk ticketing system Support for mobile devices such as iPhones and Android phones Occasionally act as a liaison between Partners/Clients and NOC team in India 2 plus years of experience in a Service or Help Desk Desk/Inbound Support Center environment Windows and Apple operating systems Office 365 Mail and Email clients (Microsoft Outlook) Proficient in Active Directory Knowledge of network basics Knowledge of VPN basics Excellent communication, written and verbal are vital Excellent customer service skills are vital College or Technical Institute degree in Information Technology or other related discipline required. CompTIA Network+/Security+/A+, or MS365 role-based certifications an asset Customer service, especially with inbound phone contact Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Work from home 8 hour shift Help Desk: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID227:
Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Own transportation MS Windows Project management software MS Office Business intelligence Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Salesforce 
ScrapedJobID228:
No one can ignore the internet these days—and a lot of great things are happening online—but we also know that online harms are damaging many individuals, communities, and organizations. It's Pagefreezer's vision to make the Internet a safer place by delivering solutions that transform how people protect integrity online, ensuring accountability, and enabling the pursuit of justice. Pagefreezer simplifies compliance and litigation by automatically archiving websites, social media, mobile text messages, and enterprise collaboration platforms for every stage of the information governance lifecycle. We enable organizations to create and share defensible records of their data, quickly and easily in our dashboard, in real-time—every like, share, edit, and deletion. Our coworkers (https://www.pagefreezer.com/company-team/) are collaborative, proactive, and interesting - and they care about the right things. We've built a culture based on values that mean something to us (https://www.pagefreezer.com/aboutus/values/) and we practice them daily. Our compensation is comprehensive, competitive, and can include benefits like extended health insurance, a $600 Lifestyle Spending Account, a $1000 annual learning budget, a Tax-Free Savings Account and a matching Retirement Savings Plan and paid time off, if you're in Canada. Not in Canada? We'll create a compensation package you're excited about together. Our employees' priorities matter. Career growth? Balancing work and life? Growing your own side-hustle? Helping you live your best life is #goals. Our track record is strong (https://blog.pagefreezer.com/pagefreezer-ranks-on-growth-500-list-for-3rd-consecutive-year), our market opportunity is growing (https://blog.pagefreezer.com/pagefreezer-partnered-with-workplace-by-facebook), and we're already providing solutions to some of the biggest companies in the world- and you'll be helping us accelerate even faster. Come join a sustainably profitable, small company and see the impact of your work. Collaborate with our Information Security Team to develop strategies, promote and ensure adherence to Information Security Policy to meet our business challenges and requirements Collaborate across departments with key stakeholders to create and improve auditable processes to meet our ISMS policies and external security requirements Implement, enforce, and monitor conformance to information security processes and report on their adoption. Ensure ISMS reviews and write updates to meet changing requirements through analysis of changes to scope and environment, changes to business requirements and challenges, and current risk landscape. Contribute to our company-wide information security awareness and training program, including creating and presenting policy and training assessments (presentations, videos in LMS assessments, documentation, etc). Own processes related to vendor security management: manage timely processing of new vendor requests, perform vendor risk assessments, carry out vendor assessment reporting for new and current vendors, ensure requirements for vendor lifecycle management are upheld. Ensure conformance to incident response handling requirements through recognizing risks and vulnerabilities, evaluation of events against incident criteria, documenting investigations, collecting and evaluating information for incident reports, and ensuring incident communication requirements are met with stakeholders internally and externally Support the Information Security Team through the complete cycle of annual external audits for security compliance. Participating in security risk, threat and vulnerability assessment and analysis. Facilitating internal audits with stakeholders against our ISMS to prepare for external audit Collecting and presenting information and assessments for Information Security Management Reviews Providing evidence as assigned and representing our security policy and procedures in auditing “fieldwork” sessions Contribute to requests for information or assessment from our prospects or customers, such as vendor assessments or security questionnaires. Serving as a representative of the Information Security council to internal and external stakeholders, contributing expertise and insight and bringing back information to the IS team. Maintain an ongoing understanding of best practices and the newest trends in the field. Alignment with our Core Values (https://www.pagefreezer.com/aboutus/values/) 2+ years of experience in a information security, information systems, information security compliance role at a SAAS company Deep/strong knowledge of various information security or regulatory frameworks (ISO/IEC 27001, AICPA SOC 2, NIST Framework, GDPR, etc) Bonus points for familiarity with COBIT, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, Familiarity with infosec best practices and control technologies, including access controls, vulnerability management, etc. Experience with performing risk assessments and implementing risk mitigation strategies Confident presenting to any kind of audience, including technical and non-technical, as well as executives and external parties. Good presentation skills, with the ability to break down complex, dry information and making it clear and engaging for general audiences Previous success mobilizing cross-functional teams in implementing new processes Strong analytical thinking and perspective-taking skills and time management skills A flexible and hands-on attitude, with patience for context-switching GRC certifications including CISSP, CISA, CISM, ISO Lead or Internal Auditor, VCP, etc. Able to work 40 hours a week and authorized to work in Canada (anywhere in Canada works for us) 
ScrapedJobID229:
As a Senior Criminal Investigator - Cybercrime you will be working side-by-side with police officers investigating cybercrime; Participate in different operational activities such as field operations (e.g., offsite interviews, court, and supporting execution of search warrants and seizures), however, the Criminal Investigator role is primarily conducted in an office environment or in a government building; Collecting and preserving evidence related to: Technology as a target – unauthorized use of computers or mischief in relation to data (i.e. “Hacking”) Technology as an instrument – where the Internet and information technologies were used to commit traditional crimes such as online fraud, identity theft, drug trafficking, money laundering, human trafficking, organized crime activities, etc. Attending and providing testimony in court as a subject matter expert; Engaging in digital evidence processing and reviewing of seized data; Provides advanced and specialized skills, experience, advice and recommendations in relation to the Criminal Code of Canada and other Federal Acts of Canada in such areas as network intrusions, ransomware, denial of services, national security, fraud, internet drug-based trafficking, intellectual property infringement and other related areas of cybercrime; Ensures continual learning and consultation with other law enforcement agencies to maintain knowledge of trends in analysis techniques, investigations, technology used by criminal actors and the applicable laws; Engages and maintains contacts with other domestic or foreign law enforcement organizations to solicit cooperation and advice in addressing highly technical and complex cybercrime investigations. Collaborates with partners in tactical, strategic disruption and mitigation. Criminal Investigators will participate in a comprehensive Federal Policing Investigations Training program including a robust coaching program during their first 24 months of employment. Training is aimed at equipping new civilian Criminal Investigators with foundational knowledge of Federal Policing and police sciences (Introduction to Police Science (IPS)), including content ranging from the RCMP Code of Conduct, applicable domestic statutes, legal authorities, types of offences, evidence and exhibits, judicial authorizations, interviews and court processes, and more. Upon completion of IPS, candidates will be granted Peace Officer Status and progress to the Federal Policing Investigations Program (FPIP). The curriculum is comprised of core and elective courses (online and instructor-led) where learners will be guided by their supervisors or by their coaches. Demonstrates initiative, autonomy, sound judgement and thoroughness; Has strong written skills and attention to detail; Adapts easily to changing priorities; Works effectively as part of a team; and Adopts a constructive and positive attitude. Significant* experience in computer programming or in the administration of servers, networks or workstations. Recent* and significant** experience working in an information technology field. Recent is defined as within the last two (2) years. Bilingual Imperative BBB/BBB English Essential / French Essential 
ScrapedJobID230:
Strong understanding of object-oriented design, data structures, and algorithms Solid software development experience in Java or other OO languages Experience with testing/using REST APIs, git, gerrit, Jira, Confluence Exposure to the ELK stack Experience using Linux and Windows; exposure to network security A small group of highly talented developers on a highly successful, server-based malware intrusion system Collaborate on state-of-the-art cloud native software with the world’s biggest communication service providers Develop software in a close-knit team aiming to provide efficient network security solutions Writing code for a real product! 
ScrapedJobID231:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID232:
Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication 
ScrapedJobID233:
A University degree* or college diploma* in a field related to the position, such as (but not limited to) Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Network Computing, or Network Telecommunications. An acceptable combination of training in a field related to the position (as above) plus a minimum of five (5) years’ experience for each of the experience criteria listed below. The educational program must be recognized in Canada and you must be able to provide proof of education credentials. Students graduating within the next twelve (12) months are eligible to apply. Experience in designing, building, testing, implementing, maintenance, and support of telecommunications and/or networking systems. Experience in evaluating products, applications, or technologies relating to the provisioning or managing of telecommunications and/or networking systems. Experience in troubleshooting, debugging and integration testing of Wide Area Networks (WAN), Local Area Networks (LAN) and/or Satellite Communications (SATCOM) and/or Cloud environments Experience in software installation and system administration (including operating system installation techniques) for Windows or UNIX. Experience in the analysis of network traffic and protocols. Experience in administration of remote network endpoints where there is little to no assistance at the remote end. IT User Support Knowledge of IT Telecommunications (Data & Voice) Networks Cognitive Thinking Skills Interactive Communication Service Working in a Team Achieving Results Change & Innovation Collaboration Integrity, Respect and Awareness Lead & Motivate Cisco Certified Network Associate Certification (CCNA) or higher level. security interview polygraph test psychological assessment background investigation covering a minimum of your last 10 years history, including credit and financial verifications. The process will be conducted in the official language of your choice. A test will be administered to candidates who successfully pass the application review. It will be used as a screening tool. Make sure to check your spam/junk mailbox regularly for notification of the test. Interview(s) will follow for candidates who are successful on the test. References (2 supervisors) will be requested from candidates who successfully complete the interview stage. Candidates will be required to complete the security assessment. More information regarding this process can be found on CSE's website. 
ScrapedJobID234:
Successful completion of a minimum two-year program of a post-secondary institution with specialization in accounting, finance, business administration, commerce, or economics. Eligibility for a recognized professional accounting designation. The recognized professional accounting designations are Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA), Chartered Accountant (CA), Certified Management Accountant (CMA) or Certified General Accountant (CGA). A Bachelor’s degree from a recognized post-secondary institution with specialization in accounting, finance, business administration, commerce or economics and experience related to positions in the Financial Management Group. Eligibility for a recognized professional accounting designation. The recognized professional accounting designations are Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA), Chartered Accountant (CA), Certified Management Accountant (CMA) or Certified General Accountant (CGA). Experience in applying the Financial Administration Act and/or Treasury Board financial policies, directives, or guidelines. Recent* Experience in at least one (1) of the following activities:
Internal budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting, and financial analysis (including activities such as extracting, compiling, and analyzing information)
External reporting and costing (including activities such as the development and delivery of costing models and reporting cycle for government expenditures)
Accounting operations (such as recording, reporting, analyzing, and tracking financial transactions related to revenues and expenses)
Financial Policy (development, implementation and/or application of policies, procedures, directives)
Internal control (development, implementation and/or application of controls)
Financial management advisory services (provision of advice, guidance, and financial services in the areas of planning, budgeting, costing, and reporting)
Financial Systems (design, development, review, testing or maintenance of business processes, procedures, controls, data, and software applications that produce financial and related non-financial information) Internal budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting, and financial analysis (including activities such as extracting, compiling, and analyzing information) External reporting and costing (including activities such as the development and delivery of costing models and reporting cycle for government expenditures) Accounting operations (such as recording, reporting, analyzing, and tracking financial transactions related to revenues and expenses) Financial Policy (development, implementation and/or application of policies, procedures, directives) Internal control (development, implementation and/or application of controls) Financial management advisory services (provision of advice, guidance, and financial services in the areas of planning, budgeting, costing, and reporting) Financial Systems (design, development, review, testing or maintenance of business processes, procedures, controls, data, and software applications that produce financial and related non-financial information) Recent experience is defined as experience gained within the last five (5) years. Recent* experience in analyzing problems of a financial nature and recommending solutions to supervisors or managers for the purpose of decision making. Experience in interpreting and applying the Financial Administration Act and other policies, directives, or procedures. Recent* significant** experience in at least two (2) of the following activities:
Internal budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting, and financial analysis (including activities such as extracting, compiling, and analyzing information)
External reporting and costing (including activities such as the development and delivery of costing models and reporting cycle for government expenditures)
Accounting operations (such as recording, reporting, analyzing, and tracking financial transactions related to revenues and expenses)
Financial Policy (development, implementation and/or application of policies, procedures, directives)
Internal control (development, implementation and/or application of controls)
Financial management advisory services (provision of advice, guidance, and financial services in the areas of planning, budgeting, costing, and reporting)
Financial Systems (design, development, review, testing or maintenance of business processes, procedures, controls, data, and software applications that produce financial and related non-financial information) Internal budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting, and financial analysis (including activities such as extracting, compiling, and analyzing information) External reporting and costing (including activities such as the development and delivery of costing models and reporting cycle for government expenditures) Accounting operations (such as recording, reporting, analyzing, and tracking financial transactions related to revenues and expenses) Financial Policy (development, implementation and/or application of policies, procedures, directives) Internal control (development, implementation and/or application of controls) Financial management advisory services (provision of advice, guidance, and financial services in the areas of planning, budgeting, costing, and reporting) Financial Systems (design, development, review, testing or maintenance of business processes, procedures, controls, data, and software applications that produce financial and related non-financial information) Recent experience is defined as experience gained within the last five (5) years. Recent* experience in analyzing information, providing financial advice, and making recommendations to clients and/or senior management. Recent experience preparing briefing materials, reports, and presentations for management. Recent* significant** experience in at least three (3) of the following activities:
Internal budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting, and financial analysis (including activities such as extracting, compiling, and analyzing information)
External reporting and costing (including activities such as the development and delivery of costing models and reporting cycle for government expenditures)
Accounting operations (such as recording, reporting, analyzing, and tracking financial transactions related to revenues and expenses)
Financial Policy (development, implementation and/or application of policies, procedures, directives)
Internal control (development, implementation and/or application of controls)
Financial management advisory services (provision of advice, guidance, and financial services in the areas of planning, budgeting, costing, and reporting)
Financial Systems (design, development, review, testing or maintenance of business processes, procedures, controls, data, and software applications that produce financial and related non-financial information) Internal budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting, and financial analysis (including activities such as extracting, compiling, and analyzing information) External reporting and costing (including activities such as the development and delivery of costing models and reporting cycle for government expenditures) Accounting operations (such as recording, reporting, analyzing, and tracking financial transactions related to revenues and expenses) Financial Policy (development, implementation and/or application of policies, procedures, directives) Internal control (development, implementation and/or application of controls) Financial management advisory services (provision of advice, guidance, and financial services in the areas of planning, budgeting, costing, and reporting) Financial Systems (design, development, review, testing or maintenance of business processes, procedures, controls, data, and software applications that produce financial and related non-financial information) Recent experience is defined as experience gained within the last five (5) years. Interactive Communication Service Working in a Team Achieving Results Integrity, Respect and Awareness Strategy and Vision (UNI-09 ONLY) Change and Innovation (UNI-09 ONLY) Lead and Motivate (UNI-09 ONLY) A Bachelor’s degree with a specialization in accounting, economics, commerce, business administration or finance. Possess or in the process of obtaining a recognized professional Accounting Designation (i.e. CA, CMA, CGA, or CPA). Recent* experience in using integrated financial application. (e.g., SAP or Oracle) Recent* experience in accounting transactions (e.g., accounts payable or receivable, bookkeeping, etc.). Experience in Cost-Based Management. Experience providing financial analysis. Provision of advice and recommendations. Experience in data analytics and/or business intelligence. Recent experience is defined as experience gained within the last five (5) years. Possess or in the process of obtaining a recognized professional Accounting Designation (i.e., CA, CMA, CGA, or CPA). Experience in assessing, implementing, or improving internal controls. Experience supervising staff. Experience in developing financial procedures for financial and non-financial employees. Experience in delivering training or oral presentations to employees and management. Experience in support and/or development and/or testing of a financial system. Experience in planning & prioritizing work initiatives. Experience in data analytics and/or business intelligence. Possess or in process of obtaining a recognized professional Accounting Designation (i.e., CA, CMA, CGA, or CPA). Experience supervising staff. Experience in preparing internal reports as well as Departmental financial statements and public accounts. Experience in planning & prioritizing work initiatives. Experience working in a central agency Experience in writing and interpreting financial procedures, directives, and policies. Experience developing and writing documentation on processes and procedures, such as configuring, testing, implementing, and supporting, or working in an ERP (enterprise resource planning) system and its related tools (salary forecasting tool). Experience performing the full range of accounting operations in one or more of the following fields: accounts payable, accounts receivable, travel management, asset monitoring, salary management, or monitoring and reconciliations. Experience with quality assurance, audit, or account analysis and/or internal financial controls or financial internal or external audits. Experience in data analytics and/or business intelligence. security interview polygraph test psychological assessment background investigation covering a minimum of your last 10 years history, including credit and financial verifications. The process will be conducted in the official language of your choice. A narrative assessment document assessing the leadership and behavioural competencies will be administered to candidates who successfully pass the application review. It will be used as a screening tool. Make sure to check your spam/junk mailbox regularly for notification of the test. Interview(s) will follow for candidates who are successful on the narrative assessment. Three (3) references (2 supervisors and 1 client) will be requested from candidates who successfully complete the interview stage. Candidates will be required to complete the security assessment. More information regarding this process can be found on CSE's website. UNI-06 level: $74, 823 - $88, 028 per year UNI-07 level: $83, 055 - $97, 710 per year UNI-09 level: $95, 092 - $111, 868 per year* UNI-06 level: $442 per year UNI-07 level: $490 per year UNI-09 level: $559 per year UNI-09 level: $4, 113 per year Based on the Memorandum of Understanding between CSE and the Public Service Alliance, incumbents in positions within the financial management group at the UNI-09 level who are at the top of the UNI-09 salary range are eligible to receive a per annum CFO Transitional Allowance of $4, 113 in order to compensate for specific responsibilities associated with the implementation of the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) model during the period of transition. (This allowance is in addition to, but not part of the yearly salary. It is negotiated through the collective bargaining process). Also, incumbents in positions within the financial management group at the UNI-09 level who are at the top of the UNI-09 salary range are eligible for a long-term acting with an increase in pay leading to a maximum annual salary rate of $125, 878. (Please note that this Memorandum of Understanding is currently under review). 
ScrapedJobID235:
Manage, track, and audit all global technology assets to ensure compliance with security policies and baselines. Identify, track, and remediate security risks and threats. Investigate and maintain documentation of security breaches and other cyber security incidents. Own and modify appropriate system configuration settings; establish best practices and maintenance standards for assigned systems. Assist with and perform internal IT Security Audits. Research security enhancements and make recommendations to senior leadership. Function as a subject matter expert for architecture, performance tuning, capacity planning, and design of new and upcoming technologies. Identify and investigation of hardware and software issues, performing root cause analysis, and implement an action plan for the resolution and dissemination of conclusions. Develop and upkeep of documentation for all responsible environments. Perform official change control as necessary. Acts as subject-matter expert (SME) and provide after-hour support and on-call support as required. Experience with Enterprise MDM/UEM technologies, including Microsoft Endpoint Manager. Experience with vulnerability management platforms considered an asset. Experience with Microsoft Active Directory administration. Strong customer service and oral/written communication skills required. Ability to work independently and produce results, given general priorities, required. Demonstrated self-starter, able to prioritize tasks and stay organized. Experience troubleshooting complex systems issues, strongly preferred. Must be comfortable working in a collaborative team environment. 
ScrapedJobID236:
Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Oui 
ScrapedJobID237:
Monitors and resolves first-level support requests. Escalates second-level support to senior team members Collects and disseminates information to clients during and post-incident Identifies, records, and escalates service performance trends, anomalies, and SLA breaches to senior leadership Applies Trusted Advisor techniques to build up client trust and influence loyalty Attends training sessions or shadowing activities, and obtains industry related certifications as determined by the Manager Bachelor's degree (B.A./B.S) or 3-years diploma in Engineering, Computer Science, or a Technology related field Positive influence on the floor Is approachable, helps teammates Willing participant in coaching system, always learning Demonstrated understanding of IT infrastructure systems Demonstrated ability to acquire technical skills, develop familiarity with industry or specialty products/services, and apply the knowledge gained through training Demonstrated ability to investigate problems and use standard operating procedures and processes to resolve them Demonstrated ability to achieve high level of Customer Satisfaction on all engagements Demonstrated ability to establish positive working relationships and contribute to team objectives in a consulting environment Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills Proven time management and organizational skills Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, and Outlook skills At least 1 year of work experience in supporting information technology/systems At least one (1) technical certification in the technologies for which Sirius offers Managed Security
These may include, but are not limited to: Comptia Security +, Check Point: CCSA, CCSE: Cisco; CCNA-Security, CCNP – Security, CCIE – Security; Blue Coat: BCCPA, BCCPE; Palo Alto: ACE, PCNSE; QRadar, SANS GCIA, GCIH, Splunk, LogRhythm, Exabeam or similar technology certifications These may include, but are not limited to: Comptia Security +, Check Point: CCSA, CCSE: Cisco; CCNA-Security, CCNP – Security, CCIE – Security; Blue Coat: BCCPA, BCCPE; Palo Alto: ACE, PCNSE; QRadar, SANS GCIA, GCIH, Splunk, LogRhythm, Exabeam or similar technology certifications Call handling/ticket experience All Sirius employees are responsible to safeguard the information and information systems that they use or handle in the execution of their duties. Employees are obligated to know and perform their duties in accordance with Sirius policies, standards, and procedures related to security and report security violations to the appropriate Sirius authority. Participate at hire and annually in the Information Security Awareness training as well as other required training identified by the Human Resources department. Other data privacy and data security related regulatory training may be required based on your role or assignment. 
ScrapedJobID238:
Lead cyber security initiatives for the organization including plant manufacturing OT security Perform threat hunting and incident investigation over logs from SIEM Run vulnerability scans for IT and OT networks and remediate security gaps Respond to security incidents and analyze alerts, logs, and threat cases Ensure that all projects, programs, and initiatives adhere to the documented security requirement standards Manage O365 platform and device security and improvements Monitor cloud platforms security and fine tune security dashboards and alerts Hardening of network firewall, switches, desktops and servers Conduct regular user trainings on cyber education and security policies Support technical forensic investigations Submit daily, weekly, monthly security reports to IT leadership based on risk ratings Research and evaluate new cybersecurity threats, IT trends and security controls Multitasking in high stress situations while ensuring that no details are missed Exercising good judgement when dealing with issues and ensuring a sense of urgency in their resolution while remaining calm and focused Experience with physical security standards would be plus Taking the initiative and working proactively with minimal supervision is a must Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent training and experience and proven 5 to 7 years hands-on experience in: 3 - 5 years of hands-on experience in cyber defense with experience in OT security would be an advantage. e.g., Experience in consulting, security monitoring, attack detection, incident response, forensics, or security engineering Experience with Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) technologies and firewall IOC’s, Analyze and/or decipher packet captures from network protocol analyzers (Wireshark, TCPdump, etc) Experience with the full lifecycle of IT security including device provisioning, commissioning, and remote device management layers Good familiarity with manufacturing plant environment systems, Perdue model, ISA-95, cabling infrastructure, Cisco CPwE architecture and plant VLAN’s security layers Excellent up-to-date technical and hands-on knowledge/experience in current attack methods, detection approaches, state-of-the-art detection tools (e.g., SIEM, anomaly detection, etc), protection concepts (defense-in-depth, network protection, endpoint protection, cloud protection) Ability to manage conflicting priorities under tight deadlines with limited supervision Able to work in managed service environment and familiar with ITIL process methodologies for support and escalations Experience in the Food, utility (power, gas, water), O&G, or transit sector, a significant plus Excellent knowledge of Active directory security policies, DNS,DHCP and TCP/IP protocols IT security related certifications such as Security+, Network+, CISSP, CISA, CEH, CCIE, CCNP, PMP etc. would be an advantage NIST, ITIL Cybersecurity framework Good hands-on and strong can-do attitude Ability to drive projects by themselves and willingness to support business inititives and cross functional teams Willingness to travel up to within Canada and internationally 
ScrapedJobID239:
Responsible for leadership, oversight, and successful delivery of cyber security transformation engagements serving multiple clients across various industries; Consult to understand our clients’ key challenges and advise/ propose practical and cost-effective solutions to remedy or solve our clients’ cybersecurity challenges, and effectively manage risk across multiple layers of the technology architecture stack; Hands-on participation in the digital and technical aspects of engagements including design and implementation; Champion one or more technical service offerings such as threat risk assessments, threat modeling, identity access management, IT asset and vulnerability management, cyber maturity assessments and transformation roadmap development and execution; Active involvement in the business development activities such as participating in the local business community and developing relationships with clients to increase awareness of the firm's services. Identifying and assisting in pursuits including developing marketing materials, proposals, presentations and research; Contribute to team development through engaged mentorship and knowledge sharing to help them grow their consulting skills, professional brand, and technical acumen. Manage the performance and development of team members; Work collaboratively across KPMG service lines to provide holistic support to our clients; Engage in and contribute to the innovation, growth and enhancement of KPMG Cyber services; Establish and maintain effective working relationships with colleagues, existing clients, and prospective client organizations. 8+ years of experience in cyber security consulting and/or technology operations including recommending applicable cyber security solutions within mid to large level organizations; Industry relevant designations such as CISSP, CISA, CISM, CRISC, ITIL, PCI QSA, CIPP/C, TOGAF, or SABSA; Experience with operational implementation of recognized security frameworks such as CIS (top 18 and benchmarks), ISO27k, NIST CSF and/or 800-53, Secure Controls Framework; Knowledge of security risk management practices including security architecture, vulnerability and patch management, identity access management (IAM), cloud security, privacy, etc.; Experience implementing business resilience strategies to minimize the impact of a cyber incidents, including designing and updating cybersecurity strategies, roadmaps, and target operating models within a business context; Experience effectively communicate and present cyber security strategies, solutions, and insights to stakeholders at various levels; Experience developing reports in a clear, organized structure catering to a mix of technical and managerial stakeholders; Experience in a leadership role, providing engaged mentorship and knowledge sharing to the team and junior level consultants. Working knowledge of IT technologies and practices (DevSecOps, IAM, CI/CD) within an Azure, AWS and/or ServiceNow environment; Experience with secure cloud migrations; Knowledge of ZeroTrust security practices and principles; Scripting or programming experience in Ruby, Python, Shell/BASH scripting, Java, C/C++, C#, Perl, or equivalent; Experience with cyber threat modelling and kill chain analysis; Experience in business development activities; Post-secondary education in a related discipline or relevant experience. You have fine-tuned your leadership skills and are comfortable leading diverse teams, overseeing a variety of engagements, as well as managing and coordinating expectations of stakeholders. You see the big picture both as a consultant and as an internal contributor. You are motivated to create solutions that are practical and cost-effective solutions that are relevant to your clients’ objectives and challenges. You’re also a self-starter that takes initiative to contribute to the overall performance and success of the practice. You have developed a reputation as a knowledgeable professional in your area, possess a solution orientated and analytical mindset, and enjoy guiding others through complex and at times ambiguous challenges; You are an exceptional communicator, both verbally and written, with the ability to deliver professional communications, presentations, reports and documentation. You have developed a strong professional brand and presence in Cyber Security community, and regularly contribute to and participate in events. 
ScrapedJobID240:
Ensure that all security policies and documentation under the stewardship of the Governance team are reviewed and updated no less than on an annual basis, Help to facilitate monthly reviews of our security policies in support of our ISO27001 ISMS program. Assist in facilitating the quarterly governance policy meetings communicating policy changes and governance initiatives to stakeholders. Synchronizing complex policy clauses with other Information Security requirements regarding audit/compliance and risk management. The review and assessment of new governance frameworks Identifying opportunities for continuous improvement across Global Information Security Assist with the creation presentations for senior leadership, and Board of Directors. Knowledge of merger and acquisitions Detailed knowledge of governance, compliance, and risk models Knowledge of security frameworks, domains, and associated security concepts Writing policies in support of security and business needs a requirements Understanding concepts in support of audit controls for ISO27001/ISO27017, SOC1/SOC2, PCI-DSS, FedRAMP, and HIPAA Process creation Continuous Process improvement Creating presentations Keeping up with emerging security trends and applying that knowledge Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems, Business Administration, or similar degree, or equivalent experience preferred. 5+ years in security risk, compliance, and governance Strong written and verbal communication skills Working across multiple teams and stakeholders to create policy and process Experience developing process Collection of audit deliverables Experience writing Process, Policy and Procedures documentation Working across GIS teams to create a project portfolio Experience creating presentations Knowledge of merger and acquisition processes and ability to analyze security risk for M&A activities Strong inter-personal skills are required to work across multiple internal teams Familiar with commonly used information security frameworks, best practices, and standard procedures Capable of working independently under pressure in a continually changing environment Is resourceful in knowing how to research requirements and find information for documentation purposes Strong knowledge of Open Text Commercial products and solutions is helpful Audit framework knowledge for ISO27001/27017, SOC1 & SOC2, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, FedRAMP desired Ability to work with peers and leadership teams Ability to participate in key proactive security programs. CGEIT, CISA, CISM, CISSP, ITIL or other IT certifications preferred 
ScrapedJobID241:
Oversee the operational activities of the Cyber Defence Team (CDT), whose function is similar to a Security Operations Centre (SOC). This includes monitoring and reporting on IT Security related events, incident management, performing vulnerability assessments, etc. Manage the performance of 4 to 6 employees by conducting all aspects of the Commitment to Excellence (CTE) process, including setting commitments, performing performance reviews, and establishing training plans. Provide ongoing technical advice and guidance to:
senior management and other NRC departments on potential impacts of new and existing threats.
NRC departments in the development and implementation of strategic and operational plans.
clients to ensure compliance with IT Security policies/directives/standards/guidelines when carrying out program objectives.
the NRC Security Awareness, Training and Education (SATE) program to promote organizational and environmental awareness of cyber security threats and other aspects of information technology security. senior management and other NRC departments on potential impacts of new and existing threats. NRC departments in the development and implementation of strategic and operational plans. clients to ensure compliance with IT Security policies/directives/standards/guidelines when carrying out program objectives. the NRC Security Awareness, Training and Education (SATE) program to promote organizational and environmental awareness of cyber security threats and other aspects of information technology security. In conjunction with the Security Branch and other groups, develop, implement, and maintain NRC’s IT Security Program required to enhance NRC’s IT Security posture. Establish key performance indicators to evaluate the effectiveness of NRC’s cyber defence strategy and to ensure that the CDT’s objectives are being achieved. Extensive experience in the IM/IT field, specifically in areas related to IT Security; Significant experience in the management and supervision of employees, students, and consultants; experience in managing remote and teleworking employees. Significant experience in establishing an IT Security Program in order to achieve organizational objectives, preferably within the context of a research organisation; Significant experience in implementing adequate technical and organizational safeguards to protect the continuity of IT services; Significant experience in leadership and management principles and practices in order to lead committees and teams and ensure the success of operational and project objectives; General knowledge on the principles and practices of financial management in order to establish the unit’s budget and manage its financial resources; Knowledge of Enterprise Architecture principles and IT Security related to cloud computing, specifically AWS and Azure, will be considered a strong asset. Certifications related to Cyber Security (e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA) will be considered an asset Extensive knowledge on the general principles of IT Security operations in combination with experience working in a Security Operations Center (SOC) or similar environment. Extensive knowledge of activities and technologies relevant to IT Security, including endpoint security, patch management, incident management, change management, network monitoring, malware analysis, and vulnerability assessments; Significant knowledge on all aspects of an IT infrastructure including server and workstation hardware and software, TCP/IP networks and network architecture as they apply to IT security (e.g. zoning), encryption and communication technologies, cloud computing, etc.; Knowledge of IT Security related policies, directives, standards and guidelines used in the Government of Canada; Ability to deliver presentations or briefings, in both official languages, to small and large audiences as well as to senior management; Strong ability to produce various types of documentation (e.g. communiqués, briefing notes, technical guides/manuals) for general distribution to NRC employees or to specialized groups. Supervisor - Organizational/environmental awareness (Level 3) Supervisor - Client focus (Level 3) Supervisor - Teamwork (Level 3) Supervisor - Visioning/alignment (Level 2) Supervisor - Developing others (Level 2) Supervisor - Results orientation (Level 3) Travel may be required. Overtime may sometimes be required. In order to ensure a prompt and efficient processing of applications, candidates will be required to answer screening questions explaining how they meet each of the requirements of this position (education, experience, language requirements) by providing concrete examples. In addition, the candidate is encouraged to describe in detail when, where and how they gained the experience. Candidates will not be solicited for incomplete or possible missing information. Failure to provide appropriate or factual information in the application may result in the rejection of your application. This position is being advertised internally and externally simultaneously; however, first consideration will be given to internal NRC applicants. Candidates who have Second Language Evaluation (SLE) test results with the Public Service Commission should include these results with their application. A pre-qualified list may be established for similar positions for a one year period. Preference will be given to Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents of Canada. Please include citizenship information in your application. The incumbent must adhere to safe workplace practices at all times. We thank all those who apply, however only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
ScrapedJobID242:
Perform deep investigation on security incidents and work with the various teams and technology owners on security investigations and conclude on whether an incident has occurred. Identify and assign appropriate resources to the project. Recommend actions, assess operational risk and approve or escalate to leadership based on level of risk. Provide on-call 24x7 support for high severity incidents once every month or two Contribute to high performing teams, throught the automation of tasks and innovation EDR events investigation, tuning, .. A Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering. 3+ years of work experience with in SOC Technical experience with Demisto, MDR, EDR, NAC solutions Direct prior experience with core security technologies such as security information and event monitoring systems (SIEM), network and host intrusion prevention and detection systems, proxies, vulnerability scanners, and anti-virus solutions Good working knowledge of MITRE attack framework Strong analytical and investigative skills Industry certifications (CompTIA Security+, GSEC, GISF, CEH) Has previously had or is willing and able to obtain government Secret security clearance (requires that candidates have lived in Canada for the past 10 years consecutively) You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID243:
Ability to manage multiple ongoing projects effectively Extremely organized and communicative Able to travel to different locations within Burnaby and Vancouver Manage and assess physical and technical security risks to ensure system stability and accessibility; Assist in network, hardware, software monitoring, support, and troubleshooting; Design, implement and maintain backup and recovery system for the organization; Install, configure, and maintain IT Department assets; Maintains working knowledge of current systems and tools used by the company; Design, implement and maintain IT security protocols/policy procedures; Troubleshoot and resolve issues with PC, printer, fax, scanner, network, and server hardware and software; Provides technical support/training to employees directly and remotely; Manage user accounts and access rights; Other tasks and projects as assigned. Diploma in a relevant technology discipline or equivalent training and certification; Minimum 2 years' experience in a relevant computer/technology occupation. Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Store discount Vision care Are you flexible with your schedule? There are times where evening work may be required. 
ScrapedJobID244:

ScrapedJobID245:
Provides technical consulting on the capabilities and limitations of security technologies and possible implementations Creates and maintains security technology roadmaps Helps evolve security engineering practice by mentoring practitioners, developing design standards, and establishing engineering methodology Provides technical leadership on large projects by leading a team of security engineers to design and deploy security technologies; Review and approve design documents Conducts technical health assessments on the security technologies Leads the validation and practicality of new technologies through rapid prototyping and POCs Does the ad hoc research and experimentation that may be needed to answer technology questions Conducts product/technology evaluation against established criteria and business requirements and provides recommendation including effective documentation and presentation of the recommendation Works with product vendors to obtain evaluation hardware or software Installs evaluation hardware or software in a test or pilot environment Designs, builds, and integrates 3rd party components, using standard and/or scripting tools (batch languages, programming languages, Scripting languages, etc.) Participates in the creation of project deliverables (estimates, schedules, risk assessments, etc.) as a project team member Makes design decision within the bounds established by project, portfolio, site and enterprise architectures. Works with security and enterprise operations to optimize end-to-end support models and to ensure highest levels of service availability. Participates in major incidents by providing 3rd level and 4th level support Ensures that components are engineered in accordance with the use to which they will be put (for example, backups may need to be both reliable and high performing, but restores may only need to be reliable) Some travel maybe required A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing, Engineering, or Commerce. Security certification will be an asset as well Minimum 10 years experience designing, integrating, and implementing end to end application, infrastructure, and security solutions in a large organization Proven skills in designing and deploying multi-platform solutions Broad knowledge of industry technology and directions, and specific knowledge in security and infrastructure technologies such as web servers, application servers, Intel, AIX, integration technologies, workstation technologies, database technologies, network technologies, IAM technologies, PAM Technologies, Cloud Computing, Automation, IPS/IDS, DDOS, Firewalls, Cryptography, Endpoint Security, WAF, Network, VPN, MFA, SIEM, Vulnerability Management, etc. Experience in scripting, orchestration, and automation tools such as Python, PowerShell, Ansible, BladeLogic, etc. The incumbent should have skills and knowledge in capacity planning, disaster recovery planning, product/service lifecycles, service management and a strong focus on customer service Experience in performance tuning complex infrastructure solutions; knowledge of performance and monitoring tools will be an asset Attention to detail and effective planning and organizational skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Demonstrated initiative (self-starter) with the ability to influence others Proven history of both technical and management skills Good working knowledge of ITIL practices and processes Strong leadership, communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills with demonstrated experience working in a team environment Strong desire to implement change and make a contribution to the organization Proven history of making appropriate decisions and recommendations Good knowledge of Agile, Dev Ops, and PM methodologies Expert in Active directory (AD), Active Directory Federated Services (ADFS), Identity and Access Management (IAM), Privilege Access Management (PAM) technologies Accreditation in Security such as CISSP or equivalent Experience in Scripting / Automation Dev Ops or Agile Experience 
ScrapedJobID246:
Supports multiple, similar business units with corresponding number of regulators. Assists with the implementation of risk management programs/ frameworks while identifying and minimizing negative impacts to the business. Develops and implements risk mitigation strategies. Acts as a subject matter expert in the evaluation, development and implementation of an internal control system. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders. Ensures alignment between stakeholders. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Monitoring to ensure that 1st line jobs are following defined processes and procedures. Develops, documents and maintains business/group procedures updating and obtaining approvals as regulations or the operating environment changes and communicates changes to the business/group & relevant stakeholder groups. Supports the development of measurable sustainment strategies including assessing and recommending mitigations for industry/ segment-specific risks and prioritizing opportunities presented by internal and external stakeholders. Tracks exception/exemption requests and corresponding approvals. Builds awareness, knowledge, and skills and, as necessary, provides communication, practical tools and ongoing support including making presentations, to promote a culture of risk identification and management. Supports the management of 1st LOD program for the business/group in compliance with appropriate principles, standards & direction from the second line of defense groups. Includes developing and promoting program and ensuring the execution of all program components. Works with assigned business/group leaders to implement 1st LOD programs and frameworks, developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of the applicable regulatory and internal risk management requirements. Interprets and provides advice on the application of the requirements for the business/group. Develops and maintains an understanding of the business/group strategies and objectives, products and services, internal and external stakeholders and business processes as well as the underlying infrastructure to identify and manage implications and risk exposures for the business/group. Identifies, investigates, analyzes, documents & mitigates program risks, taking into account jurisdictional issues, and raises any issues or concerns to senior leaders and other stakeholders. Analyzes the impact and effectiveness of the program through periodic reviews. Recommends adjustments to the overall program, policy or processes within the business/group in accordance with the Risk Appetite Statement, Governance and Corporate Policy. Supports the business/group through internal/external audits or regulatory examinations and assists in development of action plans to resolve any identified issues. Provides support to the development and delivery of training and awareness programs within the business/group to increase awareness of and compliance to risk management requirements. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
Qualifications: Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Program Management - Good. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID247:

ScrapedJobID248:
Highly analytical: Possessing strong observational skills, being able to assess different situations and to identify possible threats. Outstanding computer and IT skills: Being familiarized with computer security systems; Having an understanding of network safety protocols; and Being able to run, configure, monitor, and maintain security programs. Excellent decision-making and stress management skills: Assessing chaotic and dangerous situations; Sticking to security measures and contingency plans; and Staying calm during stressful situations. Running security tests and analyzing and reporting the obtained results. Coordinating and briefing with security team, assigning tasks accordingly. Examining client’s assets to determine level of security needed Real world experience with full-time Security Consultants and clients Dedicated research time and training with Security Consultants Shadowing experience with Managers and Security Consultants 
ScrapedJobID249:

ScrapedJobID250:
Provide expertise in planning and executing end to end audits based on the established audit plans in alignment with applicable policies and regulatory guidelines in a timely fashion Lead the planning process for assigned audits while ensuring the completion of appropriate programs and risk assessment to mitigate risks and improve effectiveness across the business Support the audit opinion as per internal controls and professional audit standards to present the findings and recommendations to client and audit management Manage follow-ups on the new findings raised from regulatory and internal divisional audits to ensure all data is up-to-date and properly documented Review and identify failures in internal processes and recommend improvements to enhance operational efficiencies Stay knowledgeable about emerging trends and developments related with business, analytical tools and techniques to deliver quality results within tight timeframes Act with the highest levels of integrity while always observing regulatory guidelines, fulfilling your due diligence and handling confidential information with discretion Build a fair and positive work environment where team can openly report challenges and exchange ideas, knowledge and skills and maintain good working relationships with each other to achieve common goals Over 5 years of relevant experience with undergraduate degree or relevant professional certifications, accounting designations, or equivalent education Hands on knowledge of MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook) and Internet applications Proficient to work multi-functionally, provide guidance to other team members and ensure good relations across teams and functions to work on projects that may require integration of cross functional processes Strong communication (written and verbal) skills to interact clearly and effectively in a fast-changing environment 
ScrapedJobID251:
Manage the cybersecurity external providers and internal cyber security systems; Analyse, integrate, develop, maintain, evolve, and support the University’s information systems; In collaboration with the ITS Operations Manager propose information security strategies, both short-term and long-range, in support of the University’s goals; Review security audit results and lead vulnerability assessments as well monitor audit corrective action plan; update IT security standards; Monitor external technology security risks and review technology trends; Assist in the development of information security policies; Work closely with members of the ITS team in the configuration of networks and server infrastructure to ensure secure environments; Build and maintain an information security awareness program; Participate in the security incident response team and review procedures on an ongoing basis; Monitor IT security risks and produce reports (e.g. risk report, monthly dashboards); Participate in solution architecture review and ensure security requirements are met; Prepare recommendations for Senior Administration concerning risk mitigation to ensure the security of information systems and information entrusted to the University; Represents the University on relevant internal and external IT Security committees including government and university groups; Report and maintain key performance metrics in cyber security against the University’s strategic objectives; Other tasks as assigned. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science; Minimum five years of related work experience; Experience in Windows, Macintosh, UNIX and Linux system administration and management in a networked environment; Certified Security Professional certification (SSCP, CISSP, GIAC or other recognized security certification); Project Management certification (PMP) an asset; Knowledge of international security standards and best practices (ISO27001, FISMA) and of Quebec (“Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels”) and Canadian law (Privacy Act, PIPEDA) considered an asset; Knowledge of network technologies; Discretion about IT security incidents; Excellent Communication skills written and spoken in English and French; Effective communication skills for both non-technical and technical specifications and audiences Good analytical and problem solving skills; Ability to work in a structured environment where teamwork is essential as well as work with various investigation bodies; Capability to work under pressure while maintaining harmonious relations with co-workers. 
ScrapedJobID252:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Accurate Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID253:
Perform monitoring , identifying and reporting suspicious activity using our security event monitoring solution in our environment Define and develop the appropriate use cases for security monitoring and threat detection through log analysis in our security event monitoring solution Perform cyber security investigations as well as on-call response for cyber security incidents Maintain an understanding of the latest cybersecurity threats and implement best practices for protection Help improve our incident response processes including developing IR playbooks and refining the incident management workflow Degree in cyber security, information technology or other related fields At least 3 years of experience in security related roles Experience with SIEM tools including ability to perform SIEM queries, analysis and tuning (log aggregation and correlation) Experience with tools for vulnerability scanning and penetration testing Experience in network security (TCP/IP, DNS proxies, IPSec, firewall configuration, TLS/SSL) Deep knowledge of cloud computing technologies Familiarity with containerized environments such as Docker or Kubernetes Ability to research and work independently Excellent verbal, written and communication skills Experienced team Start-Up Environment Rich Culture Perks Compensation & Vacation 
ScrapedJobID254:
Work with enterprise information security functions to develop secure solutions for the Amex Bank of Canada. Subject matter expert for information Security and interface with other risk management organizations within the Amex Bank of Canada. Identify, scope, and help mitigate information and cyber security risks. Assist with reporting of risk indicator metrics and demonstrate the effectiveness of the information and cyber security program to the senior management and bank leadership. Consult on business & technology initiatives to ensure security requirements are integrated into the design. Respond to audits and manage examination requirements in support of the BISO organization. Operate as part of the extended Technology Risk and Information Security team in support of various security and compliance projects. Actively contribute to the Amex Bank of Canada Information Security Risk Working Group and the management of the bank’s cyber security risk profile. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field. Possess relevant professional certifications (CISSP, CRISC, CISA, PCI, CISM or equivalent) At least 3 years of work experience in Technology Risk and Information (Cyber) Security. Technical background with hands-on experience across a variety of technologies. Proficiency in information security, risk management, and audit policies, standards, and controls. Knowledge of the Canadian Information Security laws and regulations. Experience working with Regulators and within complex regulated environments. Broad understanding of information security disciplines with an emphasis on vulnerability management, data protection, infrastructure security, application security, identity and access management, incident management and data analytics. Strong risk management skills and the ability to link threats to risk tolerance and control effectiveness. Broad technical and business understanding of: security architecture; security engineering; threat management; vulnerability management; electronic discovery; computer and data breach incident management; data protection; forensics; 3rd party/vendor management; security monitoring; cryptography; cloud security; security operations and administration; access management; security policies and standards; security awareness; business continuity; disaster recovery; IT risk management and controls; web security; data security; network security; system security, technology operations and compliance. Strong knowledge and experience in risk management and quantitative risk management techniques. Knowledge of Information Security standards and regulatory requirements. Excellent communication skills. Highly self-motivated and directed. Keen attention to detail. 
ScrapedJobID255:
A University degree* or college diploma* in a field related to the position, such as (but not limited to) Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Network Computing, or Network Telecommunications. An acceptable combination of training in a field related to the position (as above) plus a minimum of five (5) years’ experience for each of the experience criteria listed below. The educational program must be recognized in Canada and you must be able to provide proof of education credentials. Students graduating within the next twelve (12) months are eligible to apply. Experience in designing, building, testing, implementing, maintenance, and support of telecommunications and/or networking systems. Experience in evaluating products, applications, or technologies relating to the provisioning or managing of telecommunications and/or networking systems. Experience in troubleshooting, debugging and integration testing of Wide Area Networks (WAN), Local Area Networks (LAN) and/or Satellite Communications (SATCOM) and/or Cloud environments Experience in software installation and system administration (including operating system installation techniques) for Windows or UNIX. Experience in the analysis of network traffic and protocols. Experience in administration of remote network endpoints where there is little to no assistance at the remote end. IT User Support Knowledge of IT Telecommunications (Data & Voice) Networks Cognitive Thinking Skills Interactive Communication Service Working in a Team Achieving Results Change & Innovation Collaboration Integrity, Respect and Awareness Lead & Motivate Cisco Certified Network Associate Certification (CCNA) or higher level. security interview polygraph test psychological assessment background investigation covering a minimum of your last 10 years history, including credit and financial verifications. The process will be conducted in the official language of your choice. A test will be administered to candidates who successfully pass the application review. It will be used as a screening tool. Make sure to check your spam/junk mailbox regularly for notification of the test. Interview(s) will follow for candidates who are successful on the test. References (2 supervisors) will be requested from candidates who successfully complete the interview stage. Candidates will be required to complete the security assessment. More information regarding this process can be found on CSE's website. 
ScrapedJobID256:
Perform all-source cyber intelligence collection and analysis Consume and evaluate threat intel to understand the evolving threat landscape, adversarial tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and possible areas of concern/targeting that could potentially impact to Manulife’s environment Gather key cyber threat highlights from all-source intelligence, curate/synthesize and regularly report these findings to senior leadership Support all phases of incident response life cycle, specifically as it pertains to leveraging cyber intel to improve threat detection and analysis Ensure all cyber intel gathering and analysis processes are well-defined, documented, tested, and managed over time Provide curated cyber intel to support the development of use cases mapped to common frameworks (e.g., MITRE ATT&CK) for detecting new/evolving threats, including supporting content for security tools (e.g., SIEM rules, NIDS signatures, EDR content, etc.) 3-5+ years of cyber defense experience and incident response activities 3-5+ years performing cyber intelligence collection and analysis Bachelor's degree in an IT-related field or equivalent military or OTJ experience Previous experience using Threat Intelligence Platforms (TIPs) for cyber intel collection and analysis Familiarity with various IOC formats (e.g., STIX, OpenIOC, etc.) Strong background with SIEM and log analytics Experience with scripting (e.g., python, perl, powershell, etc.) or other formal coding Understanding of network protocol analysis, NIDS/NIPS, host-based analysis, endpoint detection and response (EDR) tool use and analysis Strong verbal/written communication with abilities, including ability to work with a globally-distributed team Able to achieve most tasks using own judgement Can lead smaller groups where required Good analytical skills, copes with complex situations through deliberate analysis and planning 
ScrapedJobID257:
Design, implement and support security solutions using technology from multiple vendors Requirements analysis and solution design considering best practices and industry standard guidelines Develop documentation including proposed design, detailed procedures, playbooks, operational metrics reports and as-built documentation Assess existing environments and recommend improvements and remediation Respond to and appropriately addresses support calls, incidents and requests On occasion, be available for after-hours assistance and project work At least 3 years’ experience in IT security operations / implementation using a variety of security technologies Very good knowledge of TCP/IP and network fundamentals Extensive hands-on experience installing and operating firewalls and related technologies such as VPN, SSL, content inspection and threat detection/prevention Experience with technologies to include Palo Alto, f5 and CheckPoint, with strong focus on Palo Alto Palo Alto PCNSE certification is highly desirable Understanding of DNS, HTTP, and load balancing Ability to identify customer requirements, recommend architecture and design and implement security solutions Knowledge of security frameworks and standards such as NIST, CSC 20, ISO 27001 etc. Security assessment, vulnerability assessment and penetration testing skills are an asset Virtualization and cloud skillset in a security context is also desirable Familiarity with other security concepts such as AAA, identity and SSO Ability to work from home in an iON approved home office Background check Ability to work independently and as a member of a team Effective communicator of technical and business information, both verbal and written Proven troubleshooting and problem-solving ability Strong customer service Motivated to learn and grow, able to learn new technologies Ability to assess risk and identify threats Can mentor and assist junior staff members Vendor or industry certifications are an asset Own a vehicle and the ability to drive to client sites as required 
ScrapedJobID258:
Assist in providing security advisory services to technology and business teams. Help in performing Design Security Risk Assessment (DSRA). Aid in tracking and remediating design flaws identified by the DSRA process. Assist in performing Technical Security Risk Assessment (TSRA) by ensuring the appropriate security scanning/testing is performed during the project development lifecycle (PDLC). Aid in performing supplier risk assessments. Support managing and maintaining scanning tools. Assist with updating and maturing security processes. Coop or previous internship experience in information security or software development. Pursuing degree, diploma or certification in Cybersecurity, Computer Science or Information Technology. Understanding of IT security risk assessments. Understanding of risk mitigation recommendations. Understanding of cloud environment. Understanding of CI/CD pipeline and approaches to automate security testing. Understanding of API security. Knowledge in open banking is an asset. The following certifications are preferred: CCSP, CCSK, CISM, CISSP, or CRISC. Understanding of PCI DSS, MITRE ATT&CK, BSIMM, NIST, ISO 27K series is an asset. Competitive pay. A modern work environment in midtown Toronto, easily accessible by TTC (St. Clair Station). A fun, relaxed, diverse & hybrid work environment. All applications must be submitted through our company website: https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank. Search for: Information Security Co-op Please scan together and submit ONE DOCUMENT that includes your transcripts, resume and cover letter. Please note that if the application is not completed properly, it will not be accepted. 
ScrapedJobID259:
Coordination of resources and stakeholders Managing timelines and milestones Documenting outcomes Monitoring, summarizing and communicating the progress of activities to the appropriate leadership team members Ensuring that all activities within their responsible area are supported by the NSHA IM/IT business plan, established policies/procedures, and in line with service level agreements between NSHA, IWK, Nova Scotia Digital Services and the NS Department of Health Functioning in a senior subject matter expert role within the team Undergraduate degree is required (consideration may be given to those with equivalent education, training and work experience) Master's degree is an asset (particularly in health administration, leadership, or business administration) Minimum of five (5) to seven (7) years' leadership experience with IM/IT services, programs and applications is required Experience as a Security Analyst, Risk Analyst or Enterprise Architecture - Security Architect preferred Certified Health Executive (CHE) and/or Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS) designation is considered an asset Certification in the following considered an asset: IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Project Management Professional (PMP) and/or organizational change management certification is considered an asset Experience supporting business application systems (e.g. SAP, scheduling, time, workforce management systems) and related services in a complex health care organizational environment is considered an asset Ability to influence and collaborate with diverse stakeholders High level of accuracy and attention to detail Ability to execute through effective delegation, motivation and oversight Experience in data analytics Ability to develop and establish financial policies and procedures Excellent verbal, written communication and influencing skills Competencies in other languages an asset, French preferred 
ScrapedJobID260:
Evaluation : Tests d’intrusion et Audits de sécurité Maîtrise des risques numériques : Projets SSI et Sensibilisation Services Managés de Sécurité : Services managés de prévention, détection et réponse aux incidents Innovation : Recherche & développement La surveillance SSI ; La détection et l’analyse d’incidents de sécurité ; La coordination bout en bout de ses incidents SSI ; Les investigations ; Le reporting ; L’amélioration continue et les optimisations en matière de détection ; La veille SSI. Très rigoureux dans le travail, et avoir un bon sens relationnel et un excellent niveau de synthèse; Justifier d’une première expérience dans le domaine du SIEM ; Justifier d’une expérience dans une équipe d’exploitation. Connaissances réseaux (WAN/LAN); Forte compétence en exploitation système (Linux, UNIX, Windows Server) ; Compétence en gestion des incidents SSI ; SIEM RSA Security Analytics ou IBM QRadar, HP Arcsight, Splunk, etc. Analyse de logs et investigations numériques ; Solutions IDS/IPS Sourcefire, IBM ; Solutions de capture de flux ; Big Data (Hadoop…) 
ScrapedJobID261:
Responsible for working with internal Lines of Businesses to help them address client queries regarding Bounteous' information security posture, future strategy and current controls Design and implement multilevel security strategies to protect networks and data resources Plan computer and network security upgrades and test hardware and software related to the upgrade Address technical problems related to applications and production equipment Respond to intrusions using expertise in computer forensics Anticipate future problem areas by monitoring workflows and network traffic patterns Address Issues Raised by Security Analysts by working with IT Work with IT to deploy/manage/maintain firewalls, encryption programs to protect data resources Managing Account and Entitlement platforms against newly enrolled applications, solutions or SaaS products Assist in the completion of client security questionnaires, manage requests, mailbox, and assignment tracker Supporting the Lines of Business and clients in facilitating such reports including certifications (e.g., SOC, ISO, etc.) to a successful outcome Working with internal corporate teams to address questions in the area of IT, Infrastructure, Supplier Risk Management, Cyber Defense, and application teams to facilitate responses related to application functionality and security Vulnerability Management and reporting that feeds into the Information Technology’s workflow for resolution BA/BS in Computer Science and or equivalent experience 3-5 years of experience/background in information security, information security auditor, IT audits and/or previous roles as a business information security officer is a plus Information Security specific qualification is desirable (such as CISM, CISA, CISSP) Experience of working within internal or external audit, either within a previous organization or as part of a professional services firm is desirable Ability to assess security and business risks, analyzing and presenting critical risks and potential remediation activities to all levels of management within the business Proficient in the use of MS Office product suite(365) Ability to work flexibly to meet demanding deadlines Good communication skills, both verbal and written Strong time management and organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple tasks and changing priorities Ability to work collaboratively in a team 
ScrapedJobID262:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify, resolve, and mitigate security issues in IZEA’s AWS/GCP/Google Workspace systems and processes. Interface with AWS/GCP/Google Workspace account teams to ensure security is appropriately represented. Perform analysis of transactional data, log files and/or other system outputs to identify malicious or anomalous activity Evaluate, architect, implement, monitor and support security infrastructure for use by a remote workforce across all of our cloud platforms. Act as a point of escalation for investigation of systems and security events. Engage with customers, auditors, and other external entities during sales, deal negotiations, and other scenarios to articulate our security and trust story. Interface with external partners to conduct routine vulnerability assessments, including but not limited to: penetration testing and social engineering tests. Regularly review existing systems and make recommendations for improvements to all necessary internal departments. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a cloud engineering role or related role. 3+ years of hands-on experience securing cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure). A strong technical background involving SaaS cloud technologies and deep understanding of relevant risk mitigation and technical controls. Outstanding written and oral communication skills, as well as the ability to communicate detailed, technical information in a manner comprehensible by individuals at varying degrees of experience and skill level. Experience utilizing Agile methodologies Experience in AWS cloud-based services, and serverless architectures. Experience dealing with security compliance certifications, such as SOC2 and SOX. Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), or AWS Security Certification. Self-motivated, and thrive in a fast moving environment. A naturally curious technologist and stay on top of emerging trends, including hands-on prototyping of nascent technologies. Not afraid to question any existing processes and solutions, yet you display a keen sense of business value proposition and focus on the right priorities. At home in the cloud and are an expert in designing cloud-native security solutions. Able to understand business requirements, pragmatically balance risk, and effectively communicate trade offs. 
ScrapedJobID263:

ScrapedJobID264:
Develop threat intelligence Recognize and perform common attacks patterns Integrate intelligence into the response lifecycle Triage incidents and events Identify incident scopes, impacts and quantification Build incident storylines and timelines Perform widespread and in-depth log and data analysis Assess indicators of compromise and incident artefacts Perform malware and file analysis Education with a bachelor or master’s degree with a major in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Relevant industry work experience for 5 years or equivalent Relevant teaching experience for 3 years or equivalent. Experience in security operations, incident response, cyber threats, attacker tools and techniques. Tools such as Threat Intel platform (OSS or commercial), log management (splunk, SIEM, or similar system), STIX / TAXII standard, maybe Mandiant Redline. 
ScrapedJobID265:
Monitor organization’s networks for security breaches and investigate violations as necessary. Recommend additional security solutions or enhancements to existing solutions to improve overall enterprise security. Perform technical IT security evaluations, vulnerability assessments, coordinate the execution of these within the corporate context, as well as oversee the remediation activities associated with vulnerability findings. Monitor current trends of malware and intrusions and recommend enhancements to current security protection systems. Make recommendations to Information Technology security and emergency measures policies and procedures. Maintain and operate information security technologies including, but not limited to, Network Intrusion Prevention Systems, Enterprise Anti-Virus Systems, Enterprise Host Intrusion Prevention Systems, Firewalls, Patch Management Systems, End Point Encryption, and Security Incident Management Systems. Monitor firewall logs, intrusion prevention logs, and network traffic for unusual or suspicious activity. Manage database security and internal and external information exchange Recommend, schedule, and apply fixes and security patches to information security technologies and end-user computing devices as necessary. Assist in overseeing the creation and enforcement of policies, procedures and associated plans for information security and access controls based on industry best practice and managerial direction. Participates in both project and operationally focused initiatives regarding end user security protection technologies and implementing standards/processes. Operationalize Internal Audit, Compliance, and security architectural guidelines, standards, for IT Security, implementing and communicating standard tools and practices. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field of study or college diploma with equivalent work experience. Minimum of 5 years progressive experience in information technology. Minimum 5 years of experience in information systems security. Prior experience administrating healthcare security systems preferred. CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) certificate required; candidates currently working towards certification will be considered. Familiarity with virtual environments, SAN technology, time and project management, technical writing, ITIL v3 considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID266:
Provide primary leadership on maintaining, supporting, and operating the CN Information Security GRC framework, including IS classification, risk management processes, security related policies, as well as their dissemination, and constant evolution to adapt to the business realities. Communicate, oversee, and support security recommendations to meet business objectives in a proactive and pragmatic manner, ensuring an appropriate level of engagement with clients to ensure success. Provides risk evaluations and recommendations over control testing activities and ensures adherence to regulatory and Information Security requirements. Ensures adequate and effective security controls are documented and followed. Collaborates with compliance team to ensure proper integration of controls and compliance metrics. Assess and challenge the effectiveness design of security requirements and controls by working collaboratively with system owners and other stakeholders. Report on information security issues and risks and their relationship with business impacts. Track and follow up on remediation actions following risk assessment and/or security testing activities. Provide guidance during the assessment and/or review of new IT solution and/or new and existing technology to maintain compliance with regulatory (g., Sarbanes Oxley, PCI, SWIFT, etc.) and security requirements. Interact with other cybersecurity teams and various I&T entities as necessary to understand, apply, and enforce security requirements. 5+ years of experience in an information security / compliance / IT Audit role. Practical experience with KPIs/KRIs Previous experience in risk management is an asset. Experience with GRC tool is a plus Possess a Bachelor’s Degree in an IT discipline or a related field -or- equivalent work experience. Professional Designation in Information Security compliance or Security such as Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), and/or other related designations. Strong knowledge of Information Security risk practices, frameworks and how to report on them. Strong knowledge of Information Security Governance and Compliance frameworks. Strong knowledge of various industry standards and frameworks including ISO/IEC 27000 series, ISF, NIST Special Publications, Risk Management methodologies, and security evaluations methodologies. Understanding of security & privacy regulations and legislative compliance such as Sarbanes-Oxley Act, PCI-DSS standard. PIPEDA Integrity with a high ethical standards Effective communication and interaction with others Teamwork & collaboration in order to achieve common goal Flexible in order to effectively manages multiple assignments and adapts to changing priorities 
ScrapedJobID267:
At least 2 years experience with carrier class Cisco and Juniper Routers and switches in a BGP environment. Experience with load balancers and switches. Has intermediate to expert level Linux System Administrator skills. Has intermediate to expert level Web/Proxy Server Administration skills. Excellent TCP/IP skills and Internet knowledge. Good communication, multitask, and problem solving skills are a MUST. Excellent oral and written skills in English. Good team player Knowledge of PHP frameworks Creating SQL/TSQL queries Knowledge of Server Monitoring and Graphing strategies. 
ScrapedJobID268:
Recommend security initiatives by priority for next 2 years and assist in creating the information security Maintain and execute security roadmap projects leveraging internal and external service providers as required Conduct security assessments for new and existing applications and report on action item completion. Cloud security reviews and configuration. Periodically conduct IT control maturity assessments. Assist in development of the monthly Cyber Security report. Maintain security scorecards i.e. OSFI & CIS TOP 20. Administer cyber security awareness program. Assist in development of Information Security standards, policies and toolsets. Assist in coordinating 3rd party penetration/network assessments Assist in facilitating internal and external IT audits. Security incident handling with support, Enterprise Risk, and management. Assist in development of formal incident response plan (IRP) and to conduct regular testing. Bachelor’s degree or technical certificate. Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in within the information security function. Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in administering Windows domains. One or more of Industry security certifications such as Security+, CCNA +Security, SSCP, CISSP Associate, CEH, GCIH, SCYBER, CISA, OSCP required. Knowledgeable in running an in-house security operation, hybrid, or in the management of a 3rd party SOC vendor. Advanced working knowledge and understanding of technical and administrative controls for web, application, client/server, database and network security Proficient knowledge of systems and application development, system integration methodologies, IT best practices, and information Proficient experience in security and compliance Proficient experience with assessing and auditing network controls such as firewalls, IDS/IDP, DNS, VPN, 2-factor authentication, port/packet filtering, VLANs, physical and logical separation of network segments, security zoning, and traffic Advanced working knowledge and understanding of Azure and AWS cloud Proficient knowledge ISO 27001/2, COBIT and Member of ISSA, ISACA or part of the local information security or assurance community would be an Proficiency with NIST, SABSA, TOGAF and other industry best practices an asset. 
ScrapedJobID269:
Contribute to the development of architecture patterns for Cybersecurity that lead the adoption of Cybersecurity technologies Provide Cybersecurity consulting services for cloud, application, data, and network security Work with the enterprise architecture team on alignment of projects with the Cybersecurity strategy for Canadian Tire Provide security architecture design document consisting of solution design building blocks and its relationship to the overall design of the project Interact with the strategic security architecture group for Cybersecurity strategic initiatives Evaluate vendor platforms for consumption by CTC and determine business case metrics for the technology review board Lead business projects using security architecture solution building blocks for analysis of current state technologies that are approved for use Following the TOGAF methodology, provide oversight and coordination of security projects as assigned; collect requirements; recommendation of approved vendors, contractors and hardware/software as appropriate/ provide business plan and project timelines of projects including cost estimates and business benefits; inspect and evaluate completed projects to ensure compliance with company specifications Experience in security architecture automation and pipeline integration using a DevOps methodology for integration Develop and understand new technology trends being adopted by Canadian Tire Corporation by researching and later documenting within the architecture repository of current technology capabilities, adoption of capabilities and provide a feasible security platform for the Retail business units Participate in project delivery in an Agile environment with associated associated toolsets such as Jir anad bitbucket A minimum of 4+ years directly related progressive experience cybersecurity, some PCI compliance and understanding of risk management frameworks with a background in system and network security engineering Broad background (preferred 3+ years in addition to cybersecurity) in technology design, implementation and delivery Demonstrated ability to understand and develop business requirements and recommend security solutions to meet business objectives Experience in Azure cloud computing technologies (or AWS or Google), infrastructure and platform-as-a-service, as well as public, private and hybrid architectures Ability to accurately scope security technology requirements and objectives as well as effort and difficulty of project tasks Thorough and working knowledge and understanding of security technology such as; Cisco Technology and operating systems, Palo Alto Firewalls, Web URL content filtering, VPN technologies, IPSEC tunnel, F5 Load Balancing/High Availability with GTM/LTM, Intrusion Detection/Prevention system, vulnerability assessment and vulnerability management, application code scanning and zero trust implementations Understanding of IT security best practices and regulations such as: ISO 17799, PCI, Sarbane-Oxley/C198, HIPA compliance, CEO/CFO certification Experience with Identity and Access management and the supporting technologies such as CA Technologies, BeyondTrust, and RSA Understanding of SSO technologies such as OAuth 2.0, SAML 2.0, Kerberos, Open ID Connect, Jason Web Tokens (JWT) Familiarity with API security and what best practices are part of securing APIs University or College degree in computer science, information assurance, MIS or related field, or equivalent Industry recognized certifications for such as CISSP, CEH, CCSE, CCSP would be an asset Agile and innovative individuals, who are able to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity to help us take bold and strategic moves in this rapidly evolving retail environment Creative thinkers who take initiative and are capable of building, launching and managing projects/programs that drive results for our customers Problem solvers with the ability to analyze and prioritize to meet business objectives Collaborative team players with superior influencing skills, who build relationships easily across various stakeholder groups to move initiatives forward 
ScrapedJobID270:
Assist the GRC team to develop, maintain, and update security documentation such as policies, procedures, guidelines, standards, or requirements Process various security requests and intakes assigned to the GRC team Contribute to the documentation and follow-ups on issues related to security violations, policy and compliance exceptions, including recommendations for addressing any identifying control weaknesses Assist in the collection and processing of Cybersecurity metrics Follows safety procedures, information security instructions and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) principles to lead by example Inspires others with impactful communications and adapts to the audience Applies analytical thinking to make recommendations that pursue sustainable performance Knowledge of securing network technologies, client and server operating system and applications Knowledge of some Operational and Information Security Risk Management frameworks Knowledge of some industry cybersecurity frameworks Collaborates with key internal stakeholders to enable higher productivity Fluent in both written and verbal in English Fluent in both written and verbal in French* Working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Information Security or Cybersecurity* Any experience/education/skills/knowledge for these above would be considered as an asset 
ScrapedJobID271:
Participate in the planning and design of enterprise security architecture, under the direction of the Director of Information Security and Compliance. Implement and support solutions that align enterprise security architecture frameworks and standards with overall business and security strategy. Participate in the design and execution of vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and security audits. Participate in risk assessments for new technologies and projects. Employ secure configuration management processes. Provides support for response activities in the event of a security incident and/or security breach. Assist in developing a disaster recovery and business continuity plan. Identify and prioritize system functions required to promote continuity and availability of critical business processes such that in the circumstance of system failure critical business functions are restored or recovered promptly. Maintain documentation on security requirements and controls for protecting information, systems, and technology assets. Maintain documentation on implementations of new and existing technology and how they impact the security posture of the organization. Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge of the IT security industry including awareness of new or revised security solutions, improved security processes and the development of new attacks and threat vectors. Communicate current and emerging security threats to project team members. University degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. Minimum 3 years in IT Security. CISSP or other relevant security-related designation(s) appreciated, but not required. Work experience in cybersecurity for systems, networks, and multi-level security requirements or requirements for processing multiple classification levels of data. Experience with Security technologies (SIEM, PAM, EDR, NGFW, IPS, CASB, etc.) and ability to participate in the development of architectures. Experience with environments (AWS, Azure, Office365) and solutions to secure them Experience with network access, identity, and access management (e.g., public key infrastructure, Oauth, OpenID, SAML, SPML). Knowledge of security platforms: Splunk, CyberArk, Qualys, Rapid 7, Microsoft Defender ATP, Fortinet, Cisco ESA, etc. Knowledge of computer networking concepts and protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, DNS) and network security methodologies. Knowledge of capabilities and applications of network equipment including routers, switches, servers, transmission media, and related hardware. Knowledge of remote access technology concepts. Knowledge of application firewall concepts and functions (e.g., single point of authentication enforcement, data anonymization, DLP scanning, SSL security). Familiarity with the application of privacy principles to organizational regulatory requirements such as PCI and HIPAA Experience with Windows, Unix, and Linux operating systems. Knowledge of business continuity and disaster recovery operation plans. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills capable of managing projects that drive business objectives. Good written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to work in team environments. Ability to meet tight deadlines and to prioritize tasks. Innovative thinker who is self-directed and resourceful. Effectuer des évaluations de sécurité, déterminer les lacunes de l’architecture de sécurité existante et recommander des changements ou des améliorations. Concevoir des éléments d’architecture de sécurité pour atténuer les menaces. Créer des solutions qui harmonisent les cadres et les normes de l’architecture de sécurité de l’entreprise (p. ex., SABSA, NIST 800-53, ISO 27002) avec la stratégie d’affaires et de sécurité globale. Participer aux évaluations des risques pour les nouvelles technologies et les nouveaux projets. Utiliser des processus de gestion de la configuration sécurisés. Participer à l’élaboration d’un plan de reprise après sinistre et de continuité des activités. Déterminer et prioriser les fonctions du système nécessaires pour promouvoir la continuité et la disponibilité des processus opérationnels critiques, de sorte que, en cas de défaillance du système, les fonctions opérationnelles critiques soient rétablies ou récupérées rapidement. Documenter les exigences et les contrôles de sécurité pour protéger l’information, les systèmes et les biens technologiques. Définir et documenter l’incidence de la mise en œuvre d’une nouvelle technologie sur la sécurité de l’environnement actuel. Documenter et mettre à jour, au besoin, toutes les activités de définition et d’architecture. Fournir des commentaires sur les exigences en matière de sécurité à inclure dans les demandes de propositions (DP), les énoncés de travail (ET) et d’autres documents d’approvisionnement. Communiquer les menaces à la sécurité actuelles et émergentes aux membres de l’équipe de projet. Diplôme universitaire en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Minimum de 3 ans d’expérience en architecture de systèmes. Les désignations CISSP, CISA, CISM ou d’autres désignations pertinentes liées à la sécurité sont appréciées, mais non requises. Les attestations CISSP-ISSAP, TOGAF et SABSA sont considérées comme un atout. Expérience en matière de détermination des lacunes dans les architectures existantes. Expérience en matière de conception d’architectures de sécurité pour atténuer les menaces. Connaissance des concepts et des protocoles de réseautage informatique (p. ex., TCP/IP, DNS) et des méthodologies de sécurité de réseau. Connaissance de l’accès aux réseaux ainsi que de la gestion de l’identité et de l’accès (p. ex., infrastructure à clés publiques, Oauth, OpenID, SAML, SPML). Connaissance des capacités et des applications de l’équipement de réseau, y compris les routeurs, les commutateurs, les serveurs, les supports de transmission et le matériel connexe. Connaissance des concepts de la technologie d’accès à distance. Connaissance des concepts et des fonctions des pare-feu d’applications (p. ex., point unique d’authentification, anonymisation des données, balayage pour la prévention de la fuite de données, protocole de sécurité SSL). Expérience de travail en conception de mesures de cybersécurité pour des systèmes et réseaux ainsi que d’exigences de sécurité à plusieurs niveaux pour le traitement de plusieurs niveaux de classification de données. Bonne connaissance de l’application des principes de protection des renseignements personnels aux exigences organisationnelles. Connaissance des méthodes de gestion de l’identité et de l’accès. Expérience avec les systèmes d’exploitation Windows, Unix et Linux. Connaissance des plans de continuité des activités et de reprise après sinistre. Solides compétences en analyse et en résolution de problèmes, capable de gérer des projets qui permettent de réaliser les objectifs d’affaires. Compétences exceptionnelles en communication écrite, orale et interpersonnelle. Capacité de travailler en équipe et de négocier avec de multiples intervenants. Capacité de respecter des délais serrés et d’établir l’ordre de priorité des tâches. Pensée novatrice, autonomie et débrouillardise. 
ScrapedJobID272:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field 8+ years of IT and security experience Experience in the field of security at least 5 years in the following areas: security engineering, incident handling, vulnerability analysis, threat management, In-depth knowledge of Azure/AWS Cloud and other public and private cloud infrastructure is required To develop and maintain the information security policy and accompanying standards, procedures and guidance Research and stay informed of potential information security threats, breaches, industry trends, emerging technologies, and response alternatives Conduct research and provide insight to identify, assess, and deploy security technology solutions and partners including but not limited to encryption, firewalls, authorization, authentication, intrusion detection, and gateway security controls To develop and deliver a programme of planned compliance reviews and ensure any gaps are addressed Engage in regular assessment of the current IT security environment to identify cybersecurity gaps in systems, processes and controls and evaluate the potential risk exposure Work with IT management to develop opportunities for improvement Architect, configure, manage and deploy devices including firewalls, IPS and IDS to improve our ability to prevent and detect intrusions in real-time Monitor and proactively recommend solutions for correcting issues related to security technology performance and capabilities of vendors Collaborate on critical technology projects to ensure that security issues are addressed throughout the project life cycle Develop and implement recommendations for security technology solutions, which may include technology for encryption, firewalls, authorization, authentication, intrusion, detection, and gateway security controls Work in an advisory role in application development or acquisition projects to assess security requirements and implement controls as planned Perform day-to-day security log review and analysis in adherence with company requirements and industry security best practices Do static scanning (code, open source libraries) and dynamic scanning The log reviews include: operating systems, databases, applications, networks and security applications Work with auditors to demonstrate processes and ensure appropriate levels of access are applied throughout the information lifecycle Lead the design, development, and delivery of security training programs and individual classes Knowledge of trends and developments in technology relating to security and risk management Strong understanding of information security controls, risks and threats Strong knowledge of enterprise security technologies, e.g., Virtual Private Network (VPN), Encryption, Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention, and Anti-Virus Working knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Linux, VMWare Server, and other enterprise-wide applications Knowledge of information security standards (ISO, SOC), data privacy laws, computer crime laws, and federal data protection laws, etc Knowledge of vulnerability analysis tools, OWASP Zap, Veracode, Qualys, Sonarqube, Burp Suite, etc Knowledge of information security audit and assessment methodologies, policies, standards, procedures and best practices Ability to conduct risk management assessments; provide assistance in identification, prioritization and remediation of information systems vulnerabilities Strong technical depth and passion for security Ability to understand the company’s general business functions, and have a conceptual understanding of each division’s/department’s activities Experience working with 3rd party vendors and service providers Excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills. Ability to convey technology concepts in a way that is easy for non-technical people to understand Strong learning, problem-solving and analytical skills Consistently demonstrates a high level of integrity and professionalism Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines Ability to lead and deliver change and contribute to culture change successfully 
ScrapedJobID273:
Develop, coordinate, and implement Bulk Electric System compliance programs (including policies, procedures, and documentation) to comply with the applicable mandatory and enforceable governance & cybersecurity Standards. Coordinate reliability activities by participating in FERC, NERC or other Regional Entity regulatory forums; coordinating, evaluating and reviewing regulatory documents impacting client's assets and reliability activities; analyzing client's position, filings, and other documents; weighing the impact of certain actions by client; Preparing correspondence, opinions and presentations outlining client's position within area of responsibility. Provide staff training on regulatory requirements, cybersecurity best practices and operational impacts of those requirements. Participate comprehensive on-site and off-site audits of Registered Entities in compliance with industry compliance standards, with an emphasis on previous auditing experience. Advise clients on best practices in managing compliance monitoring and enforcement activities relevant to the critical infrastructure sector Evaluate client internal controls and processes to determine effectiveness and efficiency with respect to managing risk and compliance Participate in investigations into potential violations and make determinations of alleged violations of regulatory standards. Coordinate projects related to compliance activities ensuring that the scope, budget, schedule, and quality, etc. meets the client's needs. Coordinate with client departments, staff, and members to achieve goals and provide direction on compliance activities while promoting a culture of compliance and security Review energy market regulatory/security/compliance publications to keep apprised of new developments. Travel to various client facilities as needed to review processes, records, participate in audits, consult with staff, etc. Maintain job knowledge to ensure expertise on critical infrastructure sector standards and requirements Develop and maintain effective relationships with existing and potential clients, customers, and contractors in order to develop business. Ensure compliance with company and site safety policies. All other duties as assigned. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited curriculum in engineering, cyber security, computer science or related field – cyber security degree preferred but is not required. Minimum of 3 years related experience in the electric industry in the areas of cyber security, regulatory compliance, power plant operations, transmission operations, asset management, or risk management. Additional applicable years of experience may be considered in lieu of degree requirement. Must have ability to deal effectively with a wide variety of industry, government, and public contracts on project-related matters. Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of industry standards with an emphasis on cybersecurity standards. Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of core cyber security principles and best practices Proven understanding of power utility operations. Experience with either transmission facilities or power generation plant operations preferable. Knowledge and experience in risk management and internal controls preferred. Ability to read, analyze and interpret common engineering and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents. Proven knowledge of Microsoft SharePoint, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, and Project software and working knowledge of power plant control systems, SCADA systems. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for presenting both technical and non-technical information are required. Ability to effectively prioritize tasks in a fast-paced and high-pressure environment. Proven self-starter with the ability to work effectively in a team environment as well as individually on complex work assignments Experience with corporate policies and procedures and/or technical writing skills. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. High attention to detail. Travel for site work is estimated to average 25-50% yearly. 
ScrapedJobID274:
In the Information Security team, the Information Security Analyst will be responsible for ensuring that the needs of the company are met, such as contributing to the risk management program, responding to audits security, and managing internal security and compliance requests. The analyst will collaborate closely with operations, support and company-wide teams to coordinate the efforts required to ensure that our security and compliance programs are properly implemented and maintained. The analyst will share her/his expertise with colleagues and stakeholders. The analyst will provide recommendations based on industry standards for improving security on our platform and ensuring audit readiness in the most stringent standards. The analyst will also help monitor and protect our own environment by creating and overseeing projects to implement security best practices. 5+ years in IT Security experience; Experience with compliance and certification programs such as PCI and SOC 2 Type II; Experience in security and vendor assessment; Experience with vulnerability management, including classification, remediation, and false positive analysis; Experience in building/setting up security tools to automate recurring tasks; Expertise in Log Management, Security Event Correlation and any SIEM technology (Rapid 7 and Datadog experience is a plus); Experience coordinating application security assessments, penetration testing, network segmentation testing, analyzing results and generating recommendations; Experience coordinating and executing projects to put in place recommendations and security fixes. Must be well versed in operating systems such as Linux as well as Windows environments, Active Directory, VPN systems, encryption schemas and algorithms, various authorization and authentication mechanisms/software, network monitoring and sniffing, TCP/IP networks and vulnerability and threat management tools (including network based scanners). Any Information Security Certification (CISSP, CEH, Security+); Knowledge of Amazon AWS services, Azure, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS; Knowledge of Container/Orchestration like Kubernetes and Docker; Au sein de l'équipe de sécurité de l'information, l'analyste sera chargé de veiller à ce que les besoins de l'entreprise soient satisfaits, notamment en contribuant au programme de gestion des risques, en répondant aux audits de sécurité et en gérant les demandes de sécurité interne et de conformité. L'analyste collaborera étroitement avec les équipes d'exploitation, de soutien et de l'ensemble de l'entreprise afin de coordonner les efforts nécessaires pour garantir que nos programmes de sécurité et de conformité sont correctement mis en œuvre et maintenus. L'analyste partagera son expertise avec ses collègues et les parties prenantes. L'analyste fournira des recommandations fondées sur les normes du secteur pour améliorer la sécurité de notre plateforme et garantir la préparation aux audits selon les normes les plus strictes. L'analyste contribuera également à la surveillance et à la protection de notre propre environnement en créant et en supervisant des projets visant à mettre en œuvre les meilleures pratiques en matière de sécurité. 5 ans et plus d'expérience en sécurité informatique; Expérience des programmes de conformité et de certification tels que PCI et SOC 2 Type II; Expérience en matière de sécurité et d'évaluation des fournisseurs; Expérience de la gestion des vulnérabilités, ainsi que de la classification, des mesures correctives et de l'analyse des faux positifs; Expérience dans la construction/la mise en place d'outils de sécurité pour automatiser les tâches récurrentes; Expertise en matière de gestion des journaux, de corrélation des événements de sécurité et de toute technologie SIEM (l'expérience de Rapid 7 et de Datadog est un atout); Expérience de la coordination des évaluations de la sécurité des applications, des tests de pénétration, des tests de segmentation du réseau, de l'analyse des résultats et de la formulation de recommandations; Expérience de la coordination et de l'exécution de projets visant à mettre en place des recommandations et des correctifs de sécurité. Doit avoir une bonne connaissance des systèmes d'exploitation tels que Linux et Windows, Active Directory, les systèmes VPN, les schémas et algorithmes de cryptage, divers mécanismes/logiciels d'autorisation et d'authentification, la surveillance et le reniflage des réseaux, les réseaux TCP/IP et les outils de gestion des vulnérabilités et des menaces (y compris les scanners de réseau). Toute certification en matière de sécurité de l'information (CISSP, CEH, Security+) ; Connaissance des services Amazon AWS, Azure, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS ; Connaissance des conteneurs/de l'orchestration comme Kubernetes et Docker. 
ScrapedJobID275:
Consistently deliver quality client services. Monitor progress, manage risk and ensure key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes. Stay abreast of current business and industry trends relevant to the client's business; Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Demonstrate ability learn and apply what you’ve learned; Enhance cyber awareness with clients and project teams. Assess client security controls to ensure protection of client systems. Make recommendations and/or implement security controls and countermeasures to prevent or mitigate various security risks. Implement cutting edge security tools for our federal clients. Contribute to national team-related initiatives; Maintain rapport and strong relationships with team members across Canada; and Understand and follow workplace policies and procedures. Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering, Cyber Security or an equivalent combination of formal education and experience appropriate for the assigned duties; Having or willing to pursuing one or more Industry recognized cybersecurity certifications, such as SANS GIAC certification, AWS or Azure cloud certifications, Cisco, or others; Knowledge and 2-3 years of hands-on experience with cybersecurity as it relates to systems administration, networking, Experience with enterprise systems such as MS Active Directory, and Windows Server services (e.g., DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group Policies) Experience with cloud deployment and/or administration in AWS and/or Microsoft Azure environments. Experience with security tools such as IPS, network packet captures, NAT, VPN, firewall configuration, log management, SIEM, etc.). Enterprise security controls to detect and protect against varied sophistication around cyber security threats. Solid understanding of the TCP/IP protocol and well-known networking protocols (HTTP, SSH, FTP, DNS, etc). Windows, and Linux-based operating systems from both a user-endpoint and server perspective. Ability to conduct research into information security issues and security products as required. Excellent written and verbal communication; 
ScrapedJobID276:
Empower patients to share health information with their physician before, during, and after visits, helping to ensure health records are up to date and accurate while improving patient care. Meet the growing demand for virtual care solutions via an online booking system and secure messaging that brings significant benefits to patients while improving clinic efficiency and reducing the need for unnecessary phone calls. Improve access to care by replacing faxes, calculating wait times, and reducing the time to process and access specialist referrals. Cloud operations (AWS) Cloud systems architecture (availability, cost) Infrastructure as code (Terraform, Ansible, Packer) Network security (VPC, firewalls, jump hosts, VPNs) Systems administration (Operating systems, package management, system upgrades) Service monitoring & alerting (SIEM, logs, metrics, performance, security) Continuous integration & deployment tools/strategies Ensure availability. You will help keep production and our other various environments running smoothly while reducing toil through automation. Collaborate. You will interact with the development team to eliminate barriers and effectively return production and test environment feedback. Defend the perimeter. Security and privacy are and will always be our primary concerns as we build and operate the platform. You will be part of a team rapidly responding to issues and protecting our systems and users by designing and implementing our security controls strategy. Be proactive. You will be part of a team that prioritizes finding problems before our customers do. You will always be on the lookout for ways to improve our monitoring platform to track the metrics that matter and alert when there's something a human needs to see. The experience. You bring 2+ years of experience in B2B software development and DevOps, Site Reliability, or Cloud Operations. You are inquisitive and driven to solve problems quickly and creatively while ensuring resilience and reliability. You are inspired by a fast-paced environment and can rise to the challenge of competing priorities. The technical skills. You have experience with some of the following and a willingness and interest in gaining hands-on skills with CI/CD tools; Cloud Operations; Infrastructure as Code tools; and monitoring tools. We’re not picky about the specific technologies you’ve used; we’re looking for someone with hands-on experience and the mindset to solve the problems we come up against and introduce the best solutions for them. The collaborative approach. You can build trusting relations and efficiently work across teams, both in-person and remote. You are quick to adapt when priorities shift and take feedback well. You are comfortable with ambiguity and taking the initiative to figure things out when no clear, defined path or process is outlined. The flexibility. You are available to be part of a rotating 24/7 on-call schedule. You are happy working from home but are open to working in-office on occasion. 
ScrapedJobID277:
Understanding of regular expressions Demonstrated competence with lucene/KQL/EQL query syntax Python scripting skills Understanding of MITRE ATT&CK Framework Advanced understanding of TCP/IP Experience with netflow/IPFIX and PCAP analysis Understanding of Windows and/or Linux operating systems internals Basic understanding of threat hunting principles, practices and approaches Basic malware analysis capabilities 1 to 3 years of security operations experience, especially security operations in a Healthcare Delivery Organization (health system, hospital or clinical environment) 1+ years of additional cybersecurity experience in a related role (i.e. DFIR analyst, malware analyst, threat hunter, cyber threat intelligence analyst, etc.) Desired security certifications include GCIH, GCTI, GREM, or equivalent. Experience with the business and clinical terminology and operational structures used in a typical Healthcare Delivery Organization. 
ScrapedJobID278:
Operate and support technical security solutions (Antivirus, endpoint protection, antispam and web filters, …) Review, track and triage on day-to-day security alerts and incidents reports:
Malware protection incidents raised by MSSP
Antispam alerts and phishing incidents
Endpoints protection and antivirus alerts
Alerts from security event monitoring systems Malware protection incidents raised by MSSP Antispam alerts and phishing incidents Endpoints protection and antivirus alerts Alerts from security event monitoring systems Ensure security alerts, incidents and specific requests gets properly triaged, prioritized and assigned Apply defined incident response procedures to respond to security alerts and incidents:
Follow-up with the local teams on identified security incidents
Incident response and investigation assistance
Escalate security alerts and incidents where needed. Follow-up with the local teams on identified security incidents Incident response and investigation assistance Escalate security alerts and incidents where needed. Review, evaluate and report on information security exceptions requests Review, organise and assigns vulnerabilities identified from vulnerability management systems and applications (Nessus, Security Scorecard) Follow-up with cross-functional IT teams on vulnerabilities remediations Create new searches, reports, and alerts in security monitoring systems Contribute to our continuing effort to automate many of our security processes Assist evaluating and implementing system-wide technical security solutions Promote information security awareness and information security standards Provide operational assistance answering to regulatory compliance (ie.: SOX, PCI) requirements:
Assist preparing and completing system access reviews
PCI compliance scans (ie.: Schedule, launch, parse results) Assist preparing and completing system access reviews PCI compliance scans (ie.: Schedule, launch, parse results) Provide operational assistance reviewing recorded changes to IT system. Minimum 1 years in IT Security or directly related role Bachelor’s degree in Computer Sciences or related field. Information security (GIAC, CEH) or other technologies certifications, an asset Autonomous and accountable, able to effectively plan, organize and manage their time to deliver high quality and efficient performance. Demonstrated interpersonal skills in working in collaboration with different teams to achieve common goals. Solution oriented with a strong interest in information security. Possess computer hardware and software troubleshooting skills, and demonstrated verbal and written communication skills Strong understanding of networking concepts, access and privileged management and network standard protocols such as HTTP, TCP/IP, DNS, and DHCP Good knowledge of common encryption methods and standards. Good knowledge of enterprise email antivirus and antispam systems. Able to maintain pace and staying up to date with new technology Experience in Scripting and basic programming skills are assets. Knowledge of reporting and trending is desired. Join one of the world's most sustainably managed companies. Interact and gain visibility to high level individuals to help take your career to new heights. Join a collaborative work culture centered around values of empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit, and responsibility. Benefit from mentorship and development opportunities. Take advantage and have access of our competitive benefits package. Please note that given the circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic, employees in certain regions are currently working from home. 
ScrapedJobID279:
Lead cyber security initiatives for the organization including plant manufacturing OT security Perform threat hunting and incident investigation over logs from SIEM Run vulnerability scans for IT and OT networks and remediate security gaps Respond to security incidents and analyze alerts, logs, and threat cases Ensure that all projects, programs, and initiatives adhere to the documented security requirement standards Manage O365 platform and device security and improvements Monitor cloud platforms security and fine tune security dashboards and alerts Hardening of network firewall, switches, desktops and servers Conduct regular user trainings on cyber education and security policies Support technical forensic investigations Submit daily, weekly, monthly security reports to IT leadership based on risk ratings Research and evaluate new cybersecurity threats, IT trends and security controls Multitasking in high stress situations while ensuring that no details are missed Exercising good judgement when dealing with issues and ensuring a sense of urgency in their resolution while remaining calm and focused Experience with physical security standards would be plus Taking the initiative and working proactively with minimal supervision is a must Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent training and experience and proven 5 to 7 years hands-on experience in: 3 - 5 years of hands-on experience in cyber defense with experience in OT security would be an advantage. e.g., Experience in consulting, security monitoring, attack detection, incident response, forensics, or security engineering Experience with Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) technologies and firewall IOC’s, Analyze and/or decipher packet captures from network protocol analyzers (Wireshark, TCPdump, etc) Experience with the full lifecycle of IT security including device provisioning, commissioning, and remote device management layers Good familiarity with manufacturing plant environment systems, Perdue model, ISA-95, cabling infrastructure, Cisco CPwE architecture and plant VLAN’s security layers Excellent up-to-date technical and hands-on knowledge/experience in current attack methods, detection approaches, state-of-the-art detection tools (e.g., SIEM, anomaly detection, etc), protection concepts (defense-in-depth, network protection, endpoint protection, cloud protection) Ability to manage conflicting priorities under tight deadlines with limited supervision Able to work in managed service environment and familiar with ITIL process methodologies for support and escalations Experience in the Food, utility (power, gas, water), O&G, or transit sector, a significant plus Excellent knowledge of Active directory security policies, DNS,DHCP and TCP/IP protocols IT security related certifications such as Security+, Network+, CISSP, CISA, CEH, CCIE, CCNP, PMP etc. would be an advantage NIST, ITIL Cybersecurity framework Good hands-on and strong can-do attitude Ability to drive projects by themselves and willingness to support business inititives and cross functional teams Willingness to travel up to within Canada and internationally 
ScrapedJobID280:
Translating complex security framework requirements into simple and readable policies, tasks and control activities. Analyzing existing policy content for gaps against various information security frameworks and standards Working with the Senior Director of Product in the research, scoping, planning and execution of product plans to incorporate new frameworks and regulations into existing content across the application. Keeping on top of changes to existing frameworks and standards, applying changes and continuous improvement into application content. Writing policy content. Writing additional helpful content to assist customers in the implementation and maintenance of policy. Writing and organizing the content in a product that helps people secure trust in their customers. Writing discovery questions and some select responses. Training an application to deliver content based on user responses to discovery questions. Interacting with customers to discover/define security requirements and solve real-world problems. Taking on additional responsibilities as the company scales and being challenged by the Senior Director of Product as deemed appropriate for your development in your role. Building and managing relationships with consultant and auditor partners to improve content quality and accuracy. Taking on responsibilities such as project management and service delivery management of advisory services, penetration testing and other professional services. Ability to interpret and apply theory into practice. Outstanding written communication skills. Written and oral fluency in English is paramount. Bilingual or multilingual written and oral fluency is an asset. 1-3 years minimum working in information security is a must. A strong understanding of information security is a must. Strongly recommend having experience writing security policies. Relevant certifications include: ISO Implementor/auditor, CISSP, CISA, etc. Experience with SOC2 type I or type II a bonus. Experience as an ISO 27001 auditor or implementer is a bonus. Willingness to seek opportunities to improve the application, the content and the company in the form of receiving opportunities for paid (employer-paid) training, certifications and professional development. Display clear motivation about collaborating and communicating closely with other teams and stakeholders. Be willing to collaborate and assist teammates, share knowledge and experience with them, and learn from their knowledge and experience. Be open to receiving feedback and constructive criticism. Be prepared to give feedback and constructive criticism. Be a continuous learner and pursue self-improvement opportunities. Stay motivated about and remain current on industry trends and research in application, cybersecurity and information security. 
ScrapedJobID281:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Overseeing Level 3 team in daily operations support and projects for Network Security Products & Services which primarily include various Firewall products and Network Access Control (new deployments, hardware refresh/upgrades, and migrations) Operationalization of Engineering procedures and creating evidence, test and verification documentation for planned changes Development of new Operational procedures/runbooks as well as updating existing ones to enhance Experience working in global enterprise operational environment Experience with people management, team growth and motivational skills Knowledgeable on Firewall and VPN platforms (Juniper, Fortinet) running routing protocols and advanced features such as IPS and Application Intelligence Firewall deployment/configuration experience and troubleshooting application connectivity Expert level understanding of general networking and design (Firewalls, Routing, Switching, Load Balancing, OSI Model, TCP/IP, Packet trace and analysis using Wireshark and TCPDUMP) Strong capabilities with log search and analysis (Splunk, regex) Network Access Control techniques around 802.1x and MAC Authentication Bypass (MAB) Create, review, and maintain operational documentation and provide training on new procedures to lower level support teams Excellent communication skills both written and spoken Strong organizational skills and experience working on enterprise level projects Interpersonal skills communication, flexibility, self-driven, team player Strong experience with UNIX/Linux administration (including shell scripting) Strong knowledge of infrastructure monitoring concepts and protocols (SNMP) Strong Experience with data analytics and dashboard creation (Splunk) Intermediate experience working with automation and scripting (Python, Ansible, Ruby, GoLang) Comfortable working within operations as a subject matter expert with escalation on-call responsibilities Skilled at problem-solving, highly motivated and self-directing High capacity for critical thinking Deep understanding and experience with emerging IT Trends (e.g.: agile, devops, cloud computing) Excellent written and oral English communication skills: capable of writing documentation, performing presentations to an internal audience, and interacting with senior management, colleagues, and customers Experience leading ad-hoc efforts or agile squads Experience building presentations Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID282:
Identify and administer internal and external information security and privacy requirements throughout project and asset lifecycles Manage supplier compliance Lead response to third-party information security and privacy requests for information Conduct training and awareness campaigns Create and maintain compliance and management systems documentation Conduct internal audits (organize team preparation, perform interviews, compose reports) Coordinate external audits Develop and maintain records, metrics, and analyses Communicate actionable insights for leadership, identifying opportunities for improvement, additional value, and competitive advantage Information Security, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance, Risk Management, or equivalent work experience Information Security Management Systems (ISO 27001 preferred) Privacy Program Management Internal and External Audit Frequent travelling Pass a pre-employment check Permanent full-time position and possibility of telecommuting; Competitive salary and numerous benefits, including a group insurance plan; The office is located in Ville Saint-Laurent (Montreal), easily accessible by public transportation; International company with many long-term career opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID283:
Assist in providing security advisory services to technology and business teams. Help in performing Design Security Risk Assessment (DSRA). Aid in tracking and remediating design flaws identified by the DSRA process. Assist in performing Technical Security Risk Assessment (TSRA) by ensuring the appropriate security scanning/testing is performed during the project development lifecycle (PDLC). Aid in performing supplier risk assessments. Support managing and maintaining scanning tools. Assist with updating and maturing security processes. Coop or previous internship experience in information security or software development. Pursuing degree, diploma or certification in Cybersecurity, Computer Science or Information Technology. Understanding of IT security risk assessments. Understanding of risk mitigation recommendations. Understanding of cloud environment. Understanding of CI/CD pipeline and approaches to automate security testing. Understanding of API security. Knowledge in open banking is an asset. The following certifications are preferred: CCSP, CCSK, CISM, CISSP, or CRISC. Understanding of PCI DSS, MITRE ATT&CK, BSIMM, NIST, ISO 27K series is an asset. Competitive pay. A modern work environment in midtown Toronto, easily accessible by TTC (St. Clair Station). A fun, relaxed, diverse & hybrid work environment. All applications must be submitted through our company website: https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank. Search for: Information Security Co-op Please scan together and submit ONE DOCUMENT that includes your transcripts, resume and cover letter. Please note that if the application is not completed properly, it will not be accepted. 
ScrapedJobID284:
Take ownership of conducting new market and competitive analyses. Support on all tasks, processes and strategies for Business Development. Provide management with customer insights and information on customer needs. Take initiative to identify opportunities and weaknesses facing the product. Present findings regularly to upper management and stakeholders. Maintain awareness and knowledge of updates and changes in gaming market legislation, regulations, and licensing. Understand the company’s overall strategies and purpose and contribute and support on revenue strategies ensure continual enhancement of company performance. Document knowledge in the form of formal and informal notes, manuals and reports. Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of the company's technologies, process and teams One or more years of experience in a similar role Experience researching and analysing new markets. Solid technical/product background with commercial acuity. Excellent verbal and written communication and presenting skills. Self-motivated and works well in a high paced evolving environment. Demonstrate consultative and value-based presentation techniques Ability to understand business and customer requirements, prioritizing issues and escalating as required Strong communication skills with ability to adapt to communicating with different parties such as clients, developers and infrastructure team members, across different time zones. Resourceful, detail-oriented, with strong organizational skills. Knowledge of the gaming sector is an asset. We have a track record of success and a vision and a plan for a promising future. GeoComply has close to 100% market share for player location regulatory compliance in the US gaming space. And we have fuelled that momentum with the expansion into new markets - media & entertainment and fintech. We are proud of our values and we live them in all of our actions, conversations, and work. #Build it Better, #Build it Bigger, #Build it Right We are proud to be part of a global team that develops award-winning solutions for some of the world’s largest and most innovative companies. We will support you on your learning journey. We invest in employee career growth and development. We care about our team. Our GeoComply team is talented, has a bias for action, and is known for their positive attitude and energy. We care about giving back to the communities in which we live and work. GeoComply supports a broad range of community initiatives through donations and employee volunteer activities. We know that work can be fun. We take the time to create employee events and experiences where everyone can connect and celebrate. 
ScrapedJobID285:
Computer Science Computer Software Engineering or equivalent experience Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Tight deadlines Internet Device drivers Networking security Servers Security software Mail server software Cloud Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID286:
Bonus pay Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift cloud solutions (IaaS/PaaS/SaaS): 6 years (preferred) Cloud security: 4 years (preferred) Scripting: 7 years (preferred) Compliance (GDPR, PCI, SOX 404, OSFI): 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID287:
Monitor changes to the internal control system. Ensure the implementation and quality execution of all supervisory controls. Carry out certain supervisory controls. Serve as an interface between the relevant Desjardins components. Prepare for accountability. Act, where applicable, as a compliance officer (CS) for the distribution of investment products, provided regulatory requirements are met. Oversee activities associated with operational risk, including risk and control self-assessment, the input of operational losses, the business continuity plan and information security. Support managers in identifying and implementing corrective measures. Ensure the implementation of activities related to the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (PCMLTFA). Adhere to current policies, practices and standards as well as to the various laws governing the distribution of financial products and services. The work arrangement for the position is hybrid work Number of job available : 1 Bachelor’s degree in a related field A minimum of one year of relevant experience Hold a mutual fund representative certificate – Autorité des marchés financiers For vacant positions available in Quebec, please note that knowledge of French is required Understanding of the evolving issues and practices of the personal financial services industry Knowledge of all products and services aimed at caisse members and those offered by Desjardins business centres, components and distribution networks, as well as those of competitors Knowledge of compliance with An Act respecting the distribution of financial products and services Understanding of the philosophy and fundamentals of financial services cooperatives 
ScrapedJobID288:
Respond promptly and accurately to IT service requests Conduct end-user training and coaching Install Windows operating system software, patches, and upgrades Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve laptop hardware software and networking issues Configure, optimize, fine-tune laptop O/S system software Work with hardware and software vendors to verify timely product delivery and ensure that new equipment is installed and ready to operate as specified Analyze user requirements and make standard recommendations Aid in the testing and deployment of security patches for all systems including laptops, servers, and network equipment as schedule Excellent oral and written communication skills in English; bilingualism in French is considered an asset A community college degree as a Computer Systems Technician or similar Assets would include: A+ Certification, MCP in Windows 10 2 years’ experience in a current Windows environment, building laptops while doing basic administration of Active Directory In-depth and current knowledge of computing, telephony, and mobile hardware Knowledge of wired and wireless networking Knowledge of IT security including risks and mitigation strategies Knowledge of server, storage, network, security platforms to enable on-call troubleshooting In-depth technical knowledge of desktop applications Other Tools: Audio Visual solutions, PC cloning technologies, Ticket resolution systems Experience with problem triage, strong trouble shooting skills Experience working with Windows 10, and Office 365 Strong verbal and written skills, and the ability to work courteously and effectively with all end users Ability to identify and define user requirements Possess strong time management skills and the ability to prioritize tasks based on severity Able to work well under pressure, work independently and complete projects within the established deadlines A defined benefit pension plan A complete benefit package as of your first day on the job Three weeks’ vacation right off the bat A company-paid holiday closure in December A 35-hour work week Compressed and telework programs Virtual bootcamp and mobility & movement fitness classes Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID289:

ScrapedJobID290:
Key Certifications: CISSP, OSCP, CSSLP, CISA, GDPR, PCI, and DLP. Industry knowledge and an understanding of business issues. 20+ years of Software Security and Software Development experience. 20+ years of IT security and risk management experience. 20+ years of large and complex IT implementation experience. A clear understanding of regulatory, privacy, and industry best practices. Experience in working with IT audit support initiatives. Designing, implementing, and maintaining information security protocols, policies, plans, and systems to address cyber security threats and vulnerabilities. Performing cyber security threat risk assessments. Meeting with clients to discuss existing and targeted security measures, frameworks, roadmaps, systems, applications, and other cyber security-related matters. Overseeing and managing meetings with IT departments to address cyber security events, incident response and other protocols and procedures. Identifying methods and ways to protect systems, networks, software, data and information systems against any potential cyber security event. Providing a coordinated response to complex cyber-attacks that threaten company’s assets, intellectual property, and computer systems. Contributing to the development and improvement of security monitoring and incident response processes and solutions to support cyber security programs. Overseeing and implementing vulnerability and penetration testing, application monitoring, and other testing. Compiling and presenting reports of test results. Training key stakeholders on a wide-range of cyber security awareness topics, concepts, requirements, standards, and procedures. Outstanding communication skills and ability to present in a clear, concise, and cohesive way for clients and key stakeholders. Excellent analytical, organizational, and decision-making skills. Relevant cloud, IT, and cyber security experience and interest. Relevant IT and cyber security degree or certifications. Excellent technical skills for building and improving security architecture aligned with business objectives and requirements. Knowledge of data protection best practices. Knowledge and certification ion cloud security: Azure, AWS, and GCP. 
ScrapedJobID291:
Manage overall access control policies across SAP (and related) enterprise level applications ensuring segregation of duties, internal controls, etc. Implement SAP-centric security policies, processes, audits, SOX and SOD concepts Design and build security authorizations based on SOD standards and business requirements Help lead the SAP security implementation from conception, design, testing and deployment Serve as internal SAP security SME on the ERP program University or post-secondary degree in a Computer Science related discipline (or equivalent work experience) CISSP certification is preferred. GSEC certification an asset. PCI DSS experience would be an asset, experience with SOX highly preferred 3-7 years of experience or training in SAP Security solution design, implementation and troubleshooting across all computer platforms (SAP Solution Manager security, SAP HANA Cloud security) Hands-on working knowledge with a variety of security tools including SAP user access authorization/controls and configuration, identity and access management, LDAP, Active Directory, forensics software, and security incident response Strong client relationship management, analytical and problem-solving skills 8 hour shift 3-7 years of experience or training in SAP Security solution design, implementation and troubleshooting across all computer platforms (SAP Solution Manager security, SAP HANA Cloud security) CISSP certification is preferred. GSEC certification an asset. Must have Work Authorization for Canada. Toronto or elsewhere in Canada Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID292:
Strong analytical, resourceful problem solving and troubleshooting experience with complex IT infrastructure environments Experience managing 1 or more SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) platforms including application functionality, integration and performance:
Splunk Enterprise Security, IBM QRadar, MicroFocus ArcSight, Logrythm Splunk Enterprise Security, IBM QRadar, MicroFocus ArcSight, Logrythm Understanding of network operations and data flow including firewall and VPN functionality Technical working experience with various operating systems, virtualization and infrastructure monitoring:
Server platforms (GNU/Linux, Windows Server.), Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare, Hyper-V etc.), Infrastructure monitoring (SolarWinds, Nagios etc.) Server platforms (GNU/Linux, Windows Server.), Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare, Hyper-V etc.), Infrastructure monitoring (SolarWinds, Nagios etc.) Understanding of Cloud environments
Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform Strong communications, written and verbal Client service-oriented mindset You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID293:
Participer au bon fonctionnement des systèmes d’information en garantissant le maintien à niveau des différents outils et/ou infrastructures, de logiciels systèmes et/ ou des infrastructures de communication (locale, étendue, voix. audio, architecture centralisée ou client/serveur); Installer, administrer et faire le dépannage des équipements d’infrastructure des réseaux LAN et WAN; Participer à l’installation, mettre en production, administrer et exploiter les moyens informatiques d’un ou de plusieurs sites; Maintenir un inventaire permanent des composantes des différents réseaux et recommander à la direction les améliorations possibles; Effectuer en permanence le suivi et l’analyse des performances et mettre en place les mesures susceptibles d’améliorer la productivité; Gérer les évolutions et la maintenance des matériels faisant partie de l’architecture globale; Analyser les impacts sur l’architecture des nouvelles installations et intégrations de nouveaux outils dans l’environnement de production; S’assurer de la disponibilité, de la performance, des plans de relève, des contrats d’entretien, de la légalisation des licences, de la version des niveaux de correctifs et de la documentation pour son secteur d’activité; Assurer une veille technologique pour tous les aspects de l’infrastructure technologique de la communication (commutateurs, routeurs, pare-feu et points d’accès wi-fi); Installer, administrer et faire le dépannage des liens de télécommunication; Partager ses connaissances et offrir une assistance technique aux équipes. Bonne aptitude à l’analyse et à la synthèse; Avoir de fortes aptitudes en communication; Avoir de très bonnes capacités relationnelles; Capacité à travailler sous pression; Bonne adaptation aux changements; Savoir déterminer les priorités et les objectifs à atteindre pour mener à bien un projet; Être en mesure de s’adapter rapidement à divers environnements de travail et technologiques; Aptitude démontrée pour le travail d’équipe; Autonomie et capacité démontrée de leadership; Détenir un diplôme postsecondaire (DEP, AEC ou DEC) en informatique; Cumuler un minimum de 3 années d’expérience dans un rôle similaire; Connaissance des routeurs, commutateurs, pare-feu, sans-fil et téléphonie Cisco; Maîtriser les concepts/configuration de commutateurs (layer 2); Posséder des aptitudes en communication verbale et écrite tant en Français qu’en anglais; Connaissance des outils de gestion Cisco Prime, Cisco FMC et Cisco ISE; Être capable de fournir des estimations précises et respecter les échéanciers; Bonne connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows, Linux; Être disponible pour effectuer du support selon un horaire établi; Connaissances des divers protocoles réseau tels que OSPF, BGP et MPLS (atout); Certification Cisco CCNP ou CCIE (atout). Participate in the proper functioning of information systems by ensuring the maintenance of the various tools and / or infrastructures, system software and / or communication infrastructures (local, extended, voice. Audio, centralized architecture or client / server) ; Install, administer and troubleshoot LAN and WAN infrastructure equipment; Participate in the installation, production, administration and use of the IT resources of one or more sites; Maintain a permanent inventory of the components of the various networks and recommend possible improvements to management; Continuously monitor and analyze performance and implement measures likely to improve productivity; Manage changes and maintenance of equipment forming part of the overall architecture; Analyze the impacts on the architecture of new facilities and integrations of new tools into the production environment; Ensure availability, performance, succession plans, maintenance contracts, legalization of licenses, version of patch levels and documentation for its industry; Ensure a technological watch for all aspects of the technological communication infrastructure (switches, routers, firewalls and wi-fi access points); Install, administer and troubleshoot telecommunication links; Share knowledge and offer technical assistance to teams. Good aptitude for analysis and synthesis; Have strong communication skills; Have very good interpersonal skills; Ability to work under pressure; Good adaptation to changes; Knowing how to determine the priorities and objectives to be achieved in order to successfully complete a project; Be able to quickly adapt to various work and technological environments; Demonstrated aptitude for teamwork; Autonomy and demonstrated capacity for leadership; Hold a post-secondary diploma (DEP, AEC or DEC) in computer science; Cumulate a minimum of 3 years of experience in a similar role; Knowledge of Cisco routers, switches, firewalls, wireless and telephony; Possess verbal and written communication skills in both French and English; Knowledge of Cisco Prime, Cisco FMC and Cisco ISE management tools; Be able to provide precise estimates and meet deadlines; Good knowledge of Windows, Linux operating systems; Be available to provide support according to an established schedule; Knowledge of various network protocols such as OSPF, BGP and MPLS (asset); Cisco CCNP or CCIE certification (asset). 
ScrapedJobID294:
Oversee the operational activities of the Cyber Defence Team (CDT), whose function is similar to a Security Operations Centre (SOC). This includes monitoring and reporting on IT Security related events, incident management, performing vulnerability assessments, etc. Manage the performance of 4 to 6 employees by conducting all aspects of the Commitment to Excellence (CTE) process, including setting commitments, performing performance reviews, and establishing training plans. Provide ongoing technical advice and guidance to:
senior management and other NRC departments on potential impacts of new and existing threats.
NRC departments in the development and implementation of strategic and operational plans.
clients to ensure compliance with IT Security policies/directives/standards/guidelines when carrying out program objectives.
the NRC Security Awareness, Training and Education (SATE) program to promote organizational and environmental awareness of cyber security threats and other aspects of information technology security. senior management and other NRC departments on potential impacts of new and existing threats. NRC departments in the development and implementation of strategic and operational plans. clients to ensure compliance with IT Security policies/directives/standards/guidelines when carrying out program objectives. the NRC Security Awareness, Training and Education (SATE) program to promote organizational and environmental awareness of cyber security threats and other aspects of information technology security. In conjunction with the Security Branch and other groups, develop, implement, and maintain NRC’s IT Security Program required to enhance NRC’s IT Security posture. Establish key performance indicators to evaluate the effectiveness of NRC’s cyber defence strategy and to ensure that the CDT’s objectives are being achieved. Extensive experience in the IM/IT field, specifically in areas related to IT Security; Significant experience in the management and supervision of employees, students, and consultants; experience in managing remote and teleworking employees. Significant experience in establishing an IT Security Program in order to achieve organizational objectives, preferably within the context of a research organisation; Significant experience in implementing adequate technical and organizational safeguards to protect the continuity of IT services; Significant experience in leadership and management principles and practices in order to lead committees and teams and ensure the success of operational and project objectives; General knowledge on the principles and practices of financial management in order to establish the unit’s budget and manage its financial resources; Knowledge of Enterprise Architecture principles and IT Security related to cloud computing, specifically AWS and Azure, will be considered a strong asset. Certifications related to Cyber Security (e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA) will be considered an asset Extensive knowledge on the general principles of IT Security operations in combination with experience working in a Security Operations Center (SOC) or similar environment. Extensive knowledge of activities and technologies relevant to IT Security, including endpoint security, patch management, incident management, change management, network monitoring, malware analysis, and vulnerability assessments; Significant knowledge on all aspects of an IT infrastructure including server and workstation hardware and software, TCP/IP networks and network architecture as they apply to IT security (e.g. zoning), encryption and communication technologies, cloud computing, etc.; Knowledge of IT Security related policies, directives, standards and guidelines used in the Government of Canada; Ability to deliver presentations or briefings, in both official languages, to small and large audiences as well as to senior management; Strong ability to produce various types of documentation (e.g. communiqués, briefing notes, technical guides/manuals) for general distribution to NRC employees or to specialized groups. Supervisor - Organizational/environmental awareness (Level 3) Supervisor - Client focus (Level 3) Supervisor - Teamwork (Level 3) Supervisor - Visioning/alignment (Level 2) Supervisor - Developing others (Level 2) Supervisor - Results orientation (Level 3) Travel may be required. Overtime may sometimes be required. In order to ensure a prompt and efficient processing of applications, candidates will be required to answer screening questions explaining how they meet each of the requirements of this position (education, experience, language requirements) by providing concrete examples. In addition, the candidate is encouraged to describe in detail when, where and how they gained the experience. Candidates will not be solicited for incomplete or possible missing information. Failure to provide appropriate or factual information in the application may result in the rejection of your application. This position is being advertised internally and externally simultaneously; however, first consideration will be given to internal NRC applicants. Candidates who have Second Language Evaluation (SLE) test results with the Public Service Commission should include these results with their application. A pre-qualified list may be established for similar positions for a one year period. Preference will be given to Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents of Canada. Please include citizenship information in your application. The incumbent must adhere to safe workplace practices at all times. We thank all those who apply, however only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
ScrapedJobID295:
Computer Science Computer Engineering, General Business Administration, Management and Operations, Other Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Project management software Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Business intelligence Cloud Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID296:
Agriculture Construction & Equipment Consumer Products Food Forestry and Forestry Products Retail and Distributions Shipbuilding and Industrial Fabrication Transportation and Logistics Uncompromising quality in making products and committed service to our valued customers An unwavering focus on continuous improvement and innovation in our diverse businesses A responsibility to make a positive difference in our communities, where we are proud to live and work, as well as to the health of the land, air and water that sustains our world Analyze, develop code, test and implement changes of a broad scope, high complexity and long duration Investigate and resolve complex and unusual problems Own and maintain the risk assessment process for new software or services proposed for the organization Provide work direction, technical support, education and training for Production Control, Application Programming, Computer Operations and user groups in areas related to production control and data set management for high complexity activities Liaise with subject matter experts, development teams, implementation support and production support staff to refine technical specifications, system scope and objectives Participate in “on-call” support Actively coach team members in a collaborative environment that emphasizes continuous learning Engage and interact with senior management and executives regularly for input, feedback and reporting University Degree, College Diploma or Relevant Experience Required CISSP or similar certification Required 5+ years’ experience in complex IT environments 10+ years’ experience in performing penetration testing and security incident management Demonstrated understanding of implementing risk management practices Utilization of penetration testing tools and techniques or Red Team exercises Design and implementation of vulnerability management programs Implementation and management of security incident and event management programs Design and implementation of security analytics Knowledge of Process Control Systems concepts and technology Able to obtain Canadian Government Security Clearance 
ScrapedJobID297:
Act as an expert in security incident response. Act as an expert in other initiatives to provide necessary security events. Participate in the Cybersecurity incident lifecycle, from Preparedness to Post-mortem. Document alert management processes for previous tiers. Support Triage in the classification and eradication of incidents as quickly as possible. Collaborate with infrastructure teams to improve our defense controls. Lead penetration test reviews. Positive attitude, team player and desire to learn. Experience working as a level 2 in a Security Operations Centre. Experience with several of the following technologies: Azure, AWS, Active Directory (AD + ADAzure), Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS), Firewalls, Web Application Firewalls (WAF), Web Filtering. Demonstrated commitment to training, self-study, and maintaining technical cybersecurity skills. Have a minimum of five years of experience in information technology, including at least three years in the field of information security. Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent. Hold a certification in a security related field (CEH, GCIH, GCTI, GCFE or equivalent). 
ScrapedJobID298:
Develop and mature the security and privacy by design program Support other teams at League with customer questions about League's security Perform reviews on our current and future vendors to identify security risks in their processes Play an active role in our SOC2 Type 2 evidence gathering and audits Write documentation and policies that help internal and external stakeholders better understand how League protects data Take part in our vulnerability remediation program Perform log reviews and raise any anomalies to the rest of the team for further investigation Take part in our incident management process Implement tools and processes that allow you to spend time on the things that need your attention the most BA or BS Degree in Information Security, Cyber Security, Computer Science or commensurate experience You have at least 2 years of experience in a similar position You can explain the difference between threat, impact and risk to business stakeholders You have SOC2 or similar experience working security in an audited environment Experience with SAST/DAST/SCA is a plus! 
ScrapedJobID299:
Lead the deployment of a new security risk management process based around the ServiceNow GRC platform Support the Director of Information Security in developing appropriate corporate governance practices such as RACI and policies in relation to cyber risk Manage the IT General Controls and support Internal Audit in documenting compliance Ensure all security risks are tracked and reviewed regularly by accountable individuals Support the Director of Information Security in collecting key metrics to measure the overall health of our security program Participate in Steering Committees for all major corporate projects to advise and track security risk Communicate current risks to company leadership Experience of assessing or managing corporate risk Can demonstrate specific experience or knowledge of managing cyber security related risks Able to present a vision for an effective risk management program founded in established best practice Experience in conducting internal audits under Sarbanes-Oxley Experience in working with risk management methodologies such as COSO, ISO, COBIT CISSP, CIA, CISM certifications a plus Occasional travel between Canada, the United States and Europe 
ScrapedJobID300:
Monitoring, investigating and triaging alerts and requests, including contacting users or other required IT team members. Ensuring computing platform compliance with Cybersecurity policies and directives. Using provided tools to perform continual monitoring and analysis of system activity to identify malicious activity and configure mitigations. Providing timely detection, identification, and alerts of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities, and distinguish these incidents and events from benign activities. Evaluating and recommending new and emerging security products and technologies. Researching new and emerging threats to gain insight and understanding of the evolving threat landscape. Supporting or leading Cyber incident detection, investigation, and response. Supporting or leading Cybersecurity awareness and training exercises. Advising on Cybersecurity policies, industry standards, best practices, and strategies. Taking ownership of reported application security issues and document the solution. Keep current with industry leading best practices/legislation and apply as relevant. Minimum of 1-2 years of experience, preferable in help desk or IT security Collaborative with a positive attitude Experience with Identify and Access Management Experience with Microsoft Office 365 Experience in managing and supporting mobile applications based on tablets (e.g. iOS devices) Strong communication skills – both written and verbal are required Able to multi-task and prioritize appropriately in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated experience working in a collaborative team environment Demonstrated interest in the IT security industry through reading of materials and participation in relevant courses College diploma or university degree in business or information systems Relevant IT Security (i.e. Security+ CompTIA certification) Experience with Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
ScrapedJobID301:
Monitor systems, network and applications for security risks. Work with information security team to plan and enforce security requirements Report to management concerning residual risk, vulnerabilities and other security exposures, including misuse of information assets and noncompliance. Participate, Investigate, support and document cybersecurity incidents and breaches. Administer security tools to protect systems, networks and applications. This includes firewalls, Intrusion detections and prevention systems, security gateways etc. Assess security requirements and controls during the application development and acquisition process as defined in company’s security policies and standards. Perform vulnerability assessments and tests to uncover flaws and help technical teams to remediate identified vulnerabilities to maintain high security standards. Provide support to ongoing external and internal audits and audit remediation on information technology, including generating technical recommendations Develop and maintain security processes and procedures, and support service-level agreements (SLAs) to ensure that security controls are managed and maintained Create, manage and maintain user security awareness program Participate in user access provisioning and de provisioning activities to verify security controls are adhered Conduct security research in keeping abreast of latest security threat landscape and stay abreast with the current information technology trends Develop positive working relationships with various teams involved in security and privacy matters 5 years of related work experience within Information Technology Strong hands-on experience with tools such as: IDS/IPS, Metasploit, Nexpose, Nmap, Nessus, Wireshark, L0phtCrack, John the Ripper etc. In-depth knowledge and understanding of information risk concepts and principles, as a means of relating business needs to security controls Experience with common information security management frameworks, such as International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001, NIST Cybersecurity Framework. PCI DSS etc. Experience with penetration tests and techniques is preferred Proficiency in performing risk, business impact, control and vulnerability assessments Experience in developing, documenting and maintaining security policies, processes, procedures and standards Proficiency in network infrastructure, including routers, switches, firewalls, and the associated network protocols and concepts Audit, compliance or governance experience is preferred Strong analytical skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls. Strong written and verbal communication skills. University degree required, preferably in Computer Science. 
ScrapedJobID302:
Excellent understanding of information security and software vulnerability concepts Experience in areas of vulnerability research Experience using disassemblers and debuggers (IDA pro, ollydbg, Windbg, etc) Knowledge of networking protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, SSL/TLS, etc.) Knowledge of the C/C++ programming languages Strong problem solving, troubleshooting and analysis skills Experience with static binary and code analysis methods for the identification of security vulnerabilities Good written communication skills Experience in Vulnerability Assessment and/or Penetration Testing IT Security Certification such as OSCP or CEH is an asset Experience with and understanding of assembly language (x86, MIPS, ARM) Experience with embedded and real-time operating systems Software Development is an asset Knowledge of malware analysis techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID303:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID304:
Stock option plan Bonus up to 30% of salary Investigate issues reported by customers by researching and escalating issues Database management: Create, update database schemas, regular backup and maintain database Cloud system: Hybird cloud management. VM and instance management. System monitoring: Monitoring service and servers with alerts and email support Software installation and product release: Regularly release product and product online test. Engage directly with customers and work collaboratively by phone, ticketing system, and remote sessions to resolve their issues. The team will cover 7 days a week, candidates should be available to work weekend shifts and some holidays experience with ansible Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Minimum 2+ years hands-on experience supporting Linux systems including 2 or more of: User group and privileged management Containers - especially with Docker, LXD/LXC, or Kubernetes. Storage technologies - block, object and network. Networking (bonding, firewall, bridging, switching, network file system tuning, etc.) Linux integration with other environments (authentication/directory services, network file systems, etc.) Cloud computing (provisioning, monitoring, orchestration, etc.) Troubleshooting experience: Basic reading of stack traces to be able to search for duplicates, escalate to the correct team. Programming fundamentals in any language. Bonus pay 8 hour shift On call DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID305:
Maintain, organize and retrieve central files, templates, resources and other and information Keep track of deadlines, consultations and deliverables and following up with stakeholders and attorneys as necessary. Prepare and manage documents for attorneys to facilitate timely completion of required privacy documentation. Review privacy impact assessment to determine level of privacy risk. Identify privacy trends and monitors new developments in privacy laws and regulation. Receive and review incoming privacy issues to determine required action. Liaise with other functions and stakeholders, including Risk Management, Privacy, Cybersecurity, Technology, both in Deloitte Global and Deloitte member firms, to help identify and resolve privacy compliance issues and incident response. Gather information from Deloitte functions to support the resolution of privacy issues and matters. Prepare reports to track and monitor progress of privacy matters. Participate in special projects to support the Technology and Shared Services team within DTTL OGC as required. A Paralegal and CIPP certification – preferred 3-7 years’ experience as a paralegal or legal assistant, preferably supporting privacy or cybersecurity attorneys Superior analytical and organizational skills with strong attention to detail Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills A high level of discretion and sound judgment Strong writing and editing skills Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID306:
Monitor alerts for potential security incidents and requests for information. This includes, but not limited to monitoring of real-time channels, tools, dashboards, periodic reports, chat sessions, and tickets. Follows incident-specific procedures to perform basic triage of said potential security incidents to determine their nature and priority and eliminate obvious false positives and process requests for information. Escalate potential security incidents to senior analysts and implement countermeasures/mitigating controls. Serve as a subject matter expert in at least one security-related area (e.g. Malware re-engineering, Cloud Security, Phishing, Deception etc) Coordinate with stakeholders with supporting third party security service providers to triage alerts, events or incidents. Monitor and analyze Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) to identify security issues for remediation. Knowledge of creating Security Information Event Management (SIEM) policy rulesets.-Recognize potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information. Interface with a variety of customers in a polite, positive, and professional manner. Documents all actions taken in a ticketing system Requirements* Total industry experience of 3-6 Years with a minimum of three years in the Information Security / Cybersecurity domain with a focus on security event monitoring and analysis. This role is to make sure there is weekend coverage for the InfoSec team to cover Crypto trading. So this person will need to be working on Saturday/Sunday with the other days being flexible, but will still be a full time position. Proven track record and experience of the following in a highly complex and global organization: Analyzing detected security events Performing triage of potential security incidents Certifications: Professional security management certification preferred, such as Certified Intrusion Analyst (GIAC), Continuous Monitoring (GMON), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH). Experience with the technologies including, but not limited to SIEM, IDS/IPS, Network/Host based firewalls, data leakage prevention (DLP). Understanding of possible attack activities such as network probing/ scanning, DDOS, malicious code activity, etc. Experience scripting in a major language (python/bash/powershell) Willing to work on any of three shifts to offer 24 hours support service. Understanding of common network devices such as routers, switches. Understanding of basic networking protocols such as IP, DNS, HTTP. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Self-motivated to improve knowledge and skills. A strong desire to understand the what / why / how of security incidents. Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 5 weeks of paid vacation per year Lunch and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free events and workshops 
ScrapedJobID307:
Work with the team to complete annual certifications in ISO 27001, ISO 27701 and PCI-DSS (payment card industry) by assistance and leading in evidence collections, reviews, and quality control Investigate and maintain documentation of security breaches and other cyber security incidents. Setup and manage penetration testing with our chosen partners Develop company-wide best practices for IT security. Respond and complete Information Security questionnaires/onboarding for our top clients Develop and maintain IT and Security governance documentation, process and policies Establish and manage vendor and supplier management processes and audits Manage various third party SAAS products for our company Research security enhancements and make recommendations to management Train users and promotes security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency. Assist and perform internal IT and PCI, ISO27701 and ISO27001 audits and process reviews Stay up-to-date on IT and PCI trends, news and security standards Other duties may be assigned Strong English communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills with both business and technical stakeholders. Strong knowledge of MS Office suite of products Understanding of firewalls, proxies, antivirus, and IDPS concepts. Understanding of security controls to protect information systems consistent within the industry. Excellent attention to detail and documentation Diploma or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, IT security, a related field, or a diploma/certificate/degree in Information Systems, Information Technology, or a related area. Minimum of 3 years of experience working IT Security environment Ability to work under tight timelines and competing priorities. Critical thinking & thought leadership on project and/or program management. Prior experience in incident identification/analysis and escalation procedures an asset Understanding of PCI, ISO 27001 and 27701 or related security frameworks considered an asset. At least one security or IT certification would be an asset or working towards certification. Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID308:
Take ownership of conducting new market and competitive analyses. Support on all tasks, processes and strategies for Business Development. Provide management with customer insights and information on customer needs. Take initiative to identify opportunities and weaknesses facing the product. Present findings regularly to upper management and stakeholders. Maintain awareness and knowledge of updates and changes in gaming market legislation, regulations, and licensing. Understand the company’s overall strategies and purpose and contribute and support on revenue strategies ensure continual enhancement of company performance. Document knowledge in the form of formal and informal notes, manuals and reports. Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of the company's technologies, process and teams One or more years of experience in a similar role Experience researching and analysing new markets. Solid technical/product background with commercial acuity. Excellent verbal and written communication and presenting skills. Self-motivated and works well in a high paced evolving environment. Demonstrate consultative and value-based presentation techniques Ability to understand business and customer requirements, prioritizing issues and escalating as required Strong communication skills with ability to adapt to communicating with different parties such as clients, developers and infrastructure team members, across different time zones. Resourceful, detail-oriented, with strong organizational skills. Knowledge of the gaming sector is an asset. We have a track record of success and a vision and a plan for a promising future. GeoComply has close to 100% market share for player location regulatory compliance in the US gaming space. And we have fuelled that momentum with the expansion into new markets - media & entertainment and fintech. We are proud of our values and we live them in all of our actions, conversations, and work. #Build it Better, #Build it Bigger, #Build it Right We are proud to be part of a global team that develops award-winning solutions for some of the world’s largest and most innovative companies. We will support you on your learning journey. We invest in employee career growth and development. We care about our team. Our GeoComply team is talented, has a bias for action, and is known for their positive attitude and energy. We care about giving back to the communities in which we live and work. GeoComply supports a broad range of community initiatives through donations and employee volunteer activities. We know that work can be fun. We take the time to create employee events and experiences where everyone can connect and celebrate. 
ScrapedJobID309:
Manage and configure Check Point firewalls and various software blades; Participate in the development of best practice, policy and process documents; Review security changes and provide recommendations; Conduct day to day operational security activities (log review, health checks); Monitor and update security equipment; Participate in information security incident response; Provide security recommendations as a SME; Solution, design, implement and coordinate project activities relating to security; Provide daily support on incidents, requests and projects; Strong knowledge of TCP/IP as well as packet capture analysis (wireshark); Strong analytical skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls; Strong capacity in root-cause analysis and recommendations; A strong understanding of operating system internal controls and network protocols; Excellent oral and written communication skills in English (bilingual English/French preferred); Knowledge of other security products is a plus (Web proxy, two-factor authentication, SIEM); Knowledge and experience in developing and documenting security plans, including project plans; Knowledge of Active Directory security considered an asset; Knowledge of SIEM application like QRadar and/or Sentinel considered an asset; Knowledge of Kusto querying language considered an asset; Experience managing Check Point firewalls; Experience with common information security management frameworks such as ITIL; Experience in application technology security testing; Experience in system technology security testing (vulnerability scanning and penetration testing). Experience configuring and managing Check Point security products (including Endpoint security); Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline or equivalent experience; 5 years of experience in IT, including 3 years in security and compliance roles; Check Point Certified Security Administrator considered an asset; 
ScrapedJobID310:
Conduct third-party/vendor security risk assessment, management, and reporting. Lead annual and periodic reviews of vendor risk, in accordance with CCG policy Engage in third party risk management coordination with auditors and regulators Measure and report on IT GRC metrics on a quarterly and annual basis to Information Security Lead and Senior Management Align business objectives and security controls by participating in Proof-of-Concept and Proof-of-Value activities Responsible for the update and of IT policies, processes, and operating guidelines Alignment of the Security Program with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity Framework by conducting an auditor driven assessment on an annual basis Evaluate security key risk controls and changes in risk profile based on internal and external loss events, and independent control assessments (such as PwC audit and PCI) Monitor and update of IT General Controls (ITGC) Conduct IT Governance and internal security risk assessments Report to the Risk Advisory Committee and Enterprise Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis Have responsibility over training Brokers on enhancing their security posture Bachelors or equivalent degree in Information Security or Information Technology Industry accreditation; CISSP, CISA, CISM would be an asset Minimum 7-10 years of experience Strong knowledge and previous experience with Governance, Risk and Compliance frameworks Strategic, critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID311:
Watch the enterprise SIEM for anomalous traffic representative of an attack (aka "threat hunting") Triage alerts and reports of incidents provided by third parties such as MSSPs Analyze real-time traffic and associated artifacts: malicious, normal, and application traffic; and differentiate malicious traffic from false positives Tune SIEM/reporting thresholds to minimize false positives to the greatest extent possible Work cross-functionally within the Security & Trust team to optimize our security infrastructure At least 3 years experience in a security related position Relevant professional certifications preferred: CCNA, Security+, GCIA, Certified Ethical Hacker, or CISSP Experience performing daily system monitoring and health checks for various security products Experience performing threat hunting on enterprise level SIEM's, such as Splunk, Sumo Logic, Arcsight, or similar Triaging alerts and reports of incidents Analysis of real-time traffic and associated artifacts: malicious, normal, and application traffic; and demonstrate the ability to differentiate malicious traffic from false positives Configuring firewalls, data encryption, access control and other security tools Knowledgeable in Splunk searching (SPL) and Linux data retrieval using grep Understanding of how DNS works for both legitimate and malicious purposes Solid understanding of TCP/IP network protocols and traffic flow in an enterprise environment Assist with maintaining and improving our alarming logic for new and existing log sources with our development team 
ScrapedJobID312:
Day shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) information/system security: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID313:
Empower patients to share health information with their physician before, during, and after visits, helping to ensure health records are up to date and accurate while improving patient care. Meet the growing demand for virtual care solutions via an online booking system and secure messaging that brings significant benefits to patients while improving clinic efficiency and reducing the need for unnecessary phone calls. Improve access to care by replacing faxes, calculating wait times, and reducing the time to process and access specialist referrals. Cloud operations (AWS) Cloud systems architecture (availability, cost) Infrastructure as code (Terraform, Ansible, Packer) Network security (VPC, firewalls, jump hosts, VPNs) Systems administration (Operating systems, package management, system upgrades) Service monitoring & alerting (SIEM, logs, metrics, performance, security) Continuous integration & deployment tools/strategies Ensure availability. You will help keep production and our other various environments running smoothly while reducing toil through automation. Collaborate. You will interact with the development team to eliminate barriers and effectively return production and test environment feedback. Defend the perimeter. Security and privacy are and will always be our primary concerns as we build and operate the platform. You will be part of a team rapidly responding to issues and protecting our systems and users by designing and implementing our security controls strategy. Be proactive. You will be part of a team that prioritizes finding problems before our customers do. You will always be on the lookout for ways to improve our monitoring platform to track the metrics that matter and alert when there's something a human needs to see. The experience. You bring 2+ years of experience in B2B software development and DevOps, Site Reliability, or Cloud Operations. You are inquisitive and driven to solve problems quickly and creatively while ensuring resilience and reliability. You are inspired by a fast-paced environment and can rise to the challenge of competing priorities. The technical skills. You have experience with some of the following and a willingness and interest in gaining hands-on skills with CI/CD tools; Cloud Operations; Infrastructure as Code tools; and monitoring tools. We’re not picky about the specific technologies you’ve used; we’re looking for someone with hands-on experience and the mindset to solve the problems we come up against and introduce the best solutions for them. The collaborative approach. You can build trusting relations and efficiently work across teams, both in-person and remote. You are quick to adapt when priorities shift and take feedback well. You are comfortable with ambiguity and taking the initiative to figure things out when no clear, defined path or process is outlined. The flexibility. You are available to be part of a rotating 24/7 on-call schedule. You are happy working from home but are open to working in-office on occasion. 
ScrapedJobID314:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience At least seven years of experience with the processes, tools, techniques and practices for assuring adherence to quality standards associated with developing, enhancing and operationalizing application systems and databases 5+ years experience in Digital Forensics. 5+ years experience with EnCase, FTK, Cellebrite and other industry standard forensic tools. 2+ years experience with Cloud forensics (AWS, GCP, Azure) - data capture 2+ years experience with any programming language (Python, Java, C#) and scripting tools (Bash, SQL, Enscripting) Understanding of corporate networking, network systems administration, architectures and security elements. Knowledge of ANAB Lab accreditation. Demonstrates excellent customer service. Must possess strong analytical & evaluative thinking. Ability to work nontraditional working hours as needed Strong written and verbal skills with the ability to present complex concepts at high level. Strong technical and analytical skills. Certified Information System Security Professional Certification (CISSP) Industry certification such as CEH, GCFA, EnCE, ACE or others. 
ScrapedJobID315:
Manage our MDM platform (Jamf), user management (G Suite), password and security management, as well as other SaaS services related to daily operations. Set up workstations with laptops and necessary peripheral devices (Apple products). Check computer hardware (monitors, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality. Install, configure and maintain appropriate applications and functions according to specifications and security requirements. Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer systems. Onboard new employees and provide continuous support on how to operate software and equipment as needed. Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance, including arranging laptops to send for repairs through our authorized service providers. Maintain a list of hardware and computer equipment while keeping track of shortages and placing orders. Respond to troubleshooting requests through systems (Jira and Slack). Work with other departments and vendors to help innovate solutions tailored to business practice. Be able to work independently and with fast-pace projects. Do regular audits to ensure compliance and functionality. Create new solutions to improve system infrastructure with in-depth proposals and product knowledge. The experience. You have 1+ years hands-on experience as an IT Specialist or relevant position. You have insights and opinions on the best tools, approaches and techniques to implement. You have experience troubleshooting hardware and software issues and working with both technical and non-technical teams and customers. The technical skills. You have experience and understand of: MDM platforms Cloud user management such as G Suite and AWS Various operating systems. While we mainly use MacOS it would be beneficial to have an understanding of Linux and Microsoft Windows Internet security and data privacy principles The communication skills. You can effectively translate technical to non-technical. You have outstanding verbal, written and interpersonal skills. The desire to learn and curiosity. You can quickly adopt new technologies and respond to change by adapting. You are interested in expanding your skills in IT within a rapidly growing startup. You are curious and want to know how things work, and you love making sure solutions you propose are the right fit and will work. A team player. You are able to work independently and collaboratively with a team on specific projects. You take ownership and initiative while being open to learning and feedback from peers.* Compliance and IT Security best practices AV systems, VOIP technologies and network topologies Scripting in Bash or Java Join a team of bright, humble and diverse individuals that value and support continued learning and skill development. Make an impact at a product-led organization that is simplifying the lives of real people and solving problems our society has faced for generations. It's a chance to make meaningful contributions and expand your career at a growing company. Enjoy our company-wide Friday socials, team building events and lively Slack channels to get to know your teammates both as coworkers as well as individuals. Be supported by a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision plans for you and your family, EAP program and parental leave top-up and more. Find work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid vacation and flex days. Enjoy working from the comfort of your home and create an ergonomic, productive and fulfilling home office. A generous budget for essential equipment will be offered during on-boarding to set you up for success! Daylight is hiring, on-boarding and working 100% remotely for the time being in order to keep our employees and candidates safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Benefits and perks listed above may change over time as the company grows and evolves. Application reviewed by a human being (please note that this process takes time as our approach is truly intentional and inclusive) Phone Screen with a Talent Acquisition Specialist Remote Interview with Director of Technical Operations and Sr. Governance and ERM Specialist Remote Interview with IT Specialist 
ScrapedJobID316:
You have proven people management experience. You have experience defining and overseeing effectiveness of processes. You have an appreciation for and experience with risk management methodology. You have hands-on experience with Third Party Risk Management processes. You have experience with PCI-DSS. You are detail-oriented and can effectively manage multiple priorities. You are able to provide input into the design, implementation, operation and maintenance of the Bank’s Information Security policies, standards, procedures, guidelines and directives by ensuring new regulatory requirements are incorporated appropriately. You love to lead & drive a customer-focused culture throughout the team and deepen client relationships, leverage broader bank relationships, systems and knowledge to achieve the department’s goals. You have a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field, or equivalent work experience. You possess advanced communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English and/or Spanish. You are able to explain security risks and associated controls to internal stakeholders in a constructive and concise manner You have 5+ years of hands-on industry experience and keep current with emerging trends, best practices, directions and issues in information security technology and global regulatory developments. You have 5+ years of hands-on experience with risk management standards and frameworks (ISO 27001, NIST CSF, PCI DSS, etc.). You have familiarity with Banking Regulatory bodies (OSFI, NY DFS, US Federal Reserve, etc..) You have experience with GRC and TPRM tools (Archer RSA, Metricstream, Coupa Risk Assess) You have used industry leading productivity tools to produce quantitative/qualitative reports, data flow diagrams & visual presentations. You possess relevant security certifications (i.e. CISA, CISSP, CISM, CCSP, CRISC). We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID317:
Lead the deployment of a new security risk management process based around the ServiceNow GRC platform Support the Director of Information Security in developing appropriate corporate governance practices such as RACI and policies in relation to cyber risk Manage the IT General Controls and support Internal Audit in documenting compliance Ensure all security risks are tracked and reviewed regularly by accountable individuals Support the Director of Information Security in collecting key metrics to measure the overall health of our security program Participate in Steering Committees for all major corporate projects to advise and track security risk Communicate current risks to company leadership Experience of assessing or managing corporate risk Can demonstrate specific experience or knowledge of managing cyber security related risks Able to present a vision for an effective risk management program founded in established best practice Experience in conducting internal audits under Sarbanes-Oxley Experience in working with risk management methodologies such as COSO, ISO, COBIT CISSP, CIA, CISM certifications a plus Occasional travel between Canada, the United States and Europe 
ScrapedJobID318:
Ensuring timely delivery of IT work programs and conducting quality assurance / reviews of work program deliverables. This includes substantial operational tasks, research, reporting and troubleshooting activities, participating in the delivery of infrastructure, operational and security projects with internal and external stakeholders (eg service providers and clients) Conducting the investigation of operational incidents under the direction of the Director of Infrastructure, Lead Security Analyst and / or service partners. This includes coordination of activities with IT, business functions and external stakeholders. Creating lessons learned and process improvement strategy. Assisting to provide advice and guidance to Firm stakeholders in matters pertaining to infrastructure, operations, policy compliance and security. Management of risk profiles pertaining to infrastructure technologies and operations; and providing recommendations to mitigate risks. Participating in projects to provide subject matter expertise and advice from an infrastructure, operational and security perspective. Other duties as required. (This establishes the premise that the job's essential duties are not all inclusive, and other functions may be added dependent on the situation) Post secondary diploma in an Information Technology discipline. Minimum of 3 years of information technology experience, 1 year of which is in an infrastructure, network or security role. Possess broad range of infrastructure and operational knowledge (server operations, monitoring, trouble-shooting, network routing and switching, security & access controls, messaging, database administration, storage operation, backup & recovery, data center operations, etc.) and systems development life cycle experience in multiple technological platforms. Knowledge of ITIL and project management disciplines preferred. Asset certifications Microsoft, Cisco and / or Security certification's an asset. MCSA, CCNA, SSCP, or higher etc. Knowledge with ISO 27001/27002 and / or SANS / CAG Top 20 is an asset. Ability to acquire, apply and maintain a body of knowledge related to the field. This includes technical knowledge of infrastructure and security solutions pertaining to Network, datacenter, IaaS, SaaS, Virtualization, Firewalls, EndPoint and network security tools and services, multi-factor authentication, PKI, MDM, Identity Management, access controls, etc. Scripting, analysis, reporting. Incident management, Vulnerability management and business awareness and education. Fundamental knowledge of…
Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP)
Cisco Intra / Internetworking
Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA)
Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video)
Wireless Infrastructure
RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server)
Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls)
Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security
Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP) Cisco Intra / Internetworking Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA) Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video) Wireless Infrastructure RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server) Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls) Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) 
ScrapedJobID319:
Proactively make recommendations to improve existing processes and make the internal IT service employee-centric. Build, test & maintain League's cloud identity infrastructure Implement new features and core services in the League security infrastructure Architect, implement and own system operation policies including but not limited to Access Control, Encryption Control, Logging, Change Management and Platform Security Secure identity management for all cloud platforms Automated provisioning/deprovisioning of user access rights Implementation and maintenance of DLP policies Audit review and response in regards to internal IT systems Systematize access across all departments and organizational groups to ensure accuracy of access to resources Experience with IT systems and infrastructure; Google Workspaces, Jira/Confluence Slack Experience with Cloud authentication services and IdP configuration across multiple platforms; Okta, Google Cloud Identity, Azure, SCIM, SAML, OAuth, BambooHR and Lever Recruiting platform integration Data Security management experience, DLP, BetterCloud, Zeplin Internal IT audit evidence fulfillment experience; SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, PIPEDA, client audit requests, internal and external audits 
ScrapedJobID320:
Responsible for leadership, oversight, and successful delivery of cyber security transformation engagements serving multiple clients across various industries; Consult to understand our clients’ key challenges and advise/ propose practical and cost-effective solutions to remedy or solve our clients’ cybersecurity challenges, and effectively manage risk across multiple layers of the technology architecture stack; Hands-on participation in the digital and technical aspects of engagements including design and implementation; Champion one or more technical service offerings such as threat risk assessments, threat modeling, identity access management, IT asset and vulnerability management, cyber maturity assessments and transformation roadmap development and execution; Active involvement in the business development activities such as participating in the local business community and developing relationships with clients to increase awareness of the firm's services. Identifying and assisting in pursuits including developing marketing materials, proposals, presentations and research; Contribute to team development through engaged mentorship and knowledge sharing to help them grow their consulting skills, professional brand, and technical acumen. Manage the performance and development of team members; Work collaboratively across KPMG service lines to provide holistic support to our clients; Engage in and contribute to the innovation, growth and enhancement of KPMG Cyber services; Establish and maintain effective working relationships with colleagues, existing clients, and prospective client organizations. 8+ years of experience in cyber security consulting and/or technology operations including recommending applicable cyber security solutions within mid to large level organizations; Industry relevant designations such as CISSP, CISA, CISM, CRISC, ITIL, PCI QSA, CIPP/C, TOGAF, or SABSA; Experience with operational implementation of recognized security frameworks such as CIS (top 18 and benchmarks), ISO27k, NIST CSF and/or 800-53, Secure Controls Framework; Knowledge of security risk management practices including security architecture, vulnerability and patch management, identity access management (IAM), cloud security, privacy, etc.; Experience implementing business resilience strategies to minimize the impact of a cyber incidents, including designing and updating cybersecurity strategies, roadmaps, and target operating models within a business context; Experience effectively communicate and present cyber security strategies, solutions, and insights to stakeholders at various levels; Experience developing reports in a clear, organized structure catering to a mix of technical and managerial stakeholders; Experience in a leadership role, providing engaged mentorship and knowledge sharing to the team and junior level consultants. Working knowledge of IT technologies and practices (DevSecOps, IAM, CI/CD) within an Azure, AWS and/or ServiceNow environment; Experience with secure cloud migrations; Knowledge of ZeroTrust security practices and principles; Scripting or programming experience in Ruby, Python, Shell/BASH scripting, Java, C/C++, C#, Perl, or equivalent; Experience with cyber threat modelling and kill chain analysis; Experience in business development activities; Post-secondary education in a related discipline or relevant experience. You have fine-tuned your leadership skills and are comfortable leading diverse teams, overseeing a variety of engagements, as well as managing and coordinating expectations of stakeholders. You see the big picture both as a consultant and as an internal contributor. You are motivated to create solutions that are practical and cost-effective solutions that are relevant to your clients’ objectives and challenges. You’re also a self-starter that takes initiative to contribute to the overall performance and success of the practice. You have developed a reputation as a knowledgeable professional in your area, possess a solution orientated and analytical mindset, and enjoy guiding others through complex and at times ambiguous challenges; You are an exceptional communicator, both verbally and written, with the ability to deliver professional communications, presentations, reports and documentation. You have developed a strong professional brand and presence in Cyber Security community, and regularly contribute to and participate in events. 
ScrapedJobID321:
Work as part of the team managing our public cloud environments (Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform) Manage, maintain, and administer security monitoring & alerting systems and processes, ensuring ongoing visibility into the security of our environments Develop and execute automated remediation activities for patching and continuous hardening of images and systems to adhere to best practices Build scalable systems using best practices around automation, pushing changes that improve reliability and velocity Work with the team to implement secure, highly available and scalable architectures for the RBC cloud platform Design and build highly scalable, secure, and highly available architectures within an Agile development team. Develop tooling that will accelerate development and productivity of teams across the organization Refine and automate the security operations processes to improve the incident investigation and triage efficiency Work flexible hours when necessary and be part of a 24/7 on-call rotation Advanced experience working with one or more of: Python, GO, Ruby, and have experience integrating with third party APIs A relevant degree or certificate in Computer Science or a comparable field of study, or equivalent practical experience Intermediate experience building systems and/or platforms using Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform Intermediate experience working with orchestration and configuration management systems such as Ansible or Puppet, and infrastructure-as-code systems such as CloudFormation or Terraform, and CI/CD tools such as Jenkins A strong system management background in PaaS/SaaS environment practices, including: maintaining SLAs, load-balancing, high availability, operating system patching, networking, and security management/patching Experience with the operational aspects of software systems such as monitoring, centralized logging, and alerting with relevant tools (Ex. Dynatrace, Datadog, Splunk, New Relic, ELK, Sumo Logic) Ability to analyze complex security incidents, events and advanced attack techniques Creativity, energy, and passion for leveraging technology to transform our industry; the belief that automation is the only way and the ability to talk for hours as to why A good understanding of modern, cloud centric architectures and DevOps principles Experience working with one or more of: HTML, JS Above average performance. You are competitive and passionate. You thrive on challenge and have a proven ability to set ambitious but achievable goals and surpass them A team player. At RBC we work together. You will be the type of person that brings that approach to your work. You will have a proven ability to build, grow, and maintain relationships both internally and externally A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities The ability to make a difference and lasting impact The opportunity to work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
ScrapedJobID322:
Assisting with conducting various information security, compliance assessments, analyses, and providing advice and consultation (e.g. Report on Compliance, Risk Assessments, Gap Analysis, and more) Assisting with creating professional reports for our clients that detail your assessment findings, and your advice Assisting with consulting with clients to help them understand our findings and their remediation options Assisting with providing advisory and input on security architecture with regards to PCI, Privacy, and Cyber Security Assisting our sales team with pre-sales activities, proposal creation, needs analysis, and solution design Attending industry events and webinars Working with multiple clients on a number of projects Writing summaries and executive briefs Travel to company offices and client work sites across Canada Degree in Information Security or related field is an asset Minimum 2 years of experience in an Information Technology field Minimum 2 years of experience working in Information Security domains Minimum 2 years of experience measuring security controls, IT auditing, business processes, providing advice, and/or related security consulting experience CISA and/or CISSP certifications is required, or must be in progress PCI QSA, PCI PA-QSA, PCI ISA, and/or PCIP, is an asset Multiple industry certifications in the Information Security/Audit is an asset Familiarity with as much of the following, or the eagerness to learn and to be proficient in these areas Familiarity with Information Technology systems Familiarity with various information security concepts, including; network and wireless security, application security, industry best practices, systems hardening, data encryption, data privacy, incident response, business continuity, physical security, risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, file integrity monitoring, log monitoring, and documented security governance controls (i.e. policies, processes, standards, procedures). Familiarity with a variety of security products and technologies Familiarity with industry best practices and standards such as CIS and NIST, including security hardening techniques Understanding of Unix, Linux, Windows and database server configurations Understanding of networking systems configurations, including firewalls Understanding of application architecture, software development lifecycle processes, including secure coding techniques Understanding of server virtualization technologies Understanding of cloud platforms and technologies Exceptional customer service, communication and interpersonal skills Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational skills Strong time management skills Honesty and integrity Dedication to providing solutions to meet or exceed client's needs and expectations Ability to handle challenges and project work loads Company paid medical and dental benefits Company paid cellular phone, phone service, and data plan Company paid continuing professional education and certification maintenance 3 weeks of paid vacation, with 4 weeks of paid vacation after 5 years of service Company team building events throughout each year You must be located within reasonable travelling distance of the Control Gap Headquarters in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada You must possess reliable transportation to travel to company offices and to client work sites Flexible work options, including working from home 
ScrapedJobID323:
Define and manage identity and access controls based on business and compliance requirements. A commitment to learn and apply Aritzia's Values, Business and People Leadership principles An enthusiastic approach to taking on new opportunities and challenges. A commitment to navigating our internal operations to achieve the best team and business results. The ability to collaborate fluently with cross-functional partners. The skills to set clear objectives with an emphasis on accountability while striving to reach your highest potential. Proven skills, education, and/or applicable certifications in
Active Directory
Azure Active Directory
Role-based access
Okta
Windows
Unix/Linux
Technical scripting (Powershell, Regex or other )
Office 365 and cloud application security
Ability to troubleshoot user access problems
Writing concise technical documents Active Directory Azure Active Directory Role-based access Okta Windows Unix/Linux Technical scripting (Powershell, Regex or other ) Office 365 and cloud application security Ability to troubleshoot user access problems Writing concise technical documents The appetite to continuously learn and develop oneself A commitment to quality and investing in results that add value to the business. A sense of urgency and ability to prioritize important work. A-OK Commissary & Café - Our in-office, world-class bistro and café The SET - Our in-house gym, with state-of-the art equipment and custom classes Employee Assistance Program - 24/7 support, resources, and information available to your and your family Aspirational Workspace - Every detail is considered to connect to the energy of the culture Dog Friendly Office - Bring your best friend to work Amenities - Facilities include private parent's room, bike storage rooms, and shower facilities with complimentary conveniences Flexible Working Arrangements - The option to work from the office or from a remote space of your choosing Talent Mobility Program - From out of town? No problem - we offer a highly supportive relocation program Competitive Pay Packages - A commitment to performance based pay increases and career progression Product Discount - Our famous product discount, online and in store Health Benefits - Comprehensive health, vision and dental packages for eligible employees Extras - A multitude of other perks like dry-cleaning, hotel and restaurant discounts, self-care promos, on-site medical care and more. Health & Safety - Industry-leading health and safety precautions, including on-site screenings, mask and distancing protocols, and cleaning supplies 
ScrapedJobID324:
Knowledge of and hands-on experience with security based technology tools Keen understanding of the role of Security Operations and works with all business units to ensure a high level of Performs and participates in business continuity and disaster recovery plans providing input and operational Contributes to creation and maintenance of security technology roadmaps Active participation in the enterprise-wide service and support model includes incident management, change and Familiar with and provides department predefined metrics and reporting as requested Ensures alerting, monitoring and automation security tools are working as expected and responds to alerts to Provides technical consulting on the capabilities and limitations of the security technologies Leads the validation and practicality of new technologies through rapid prototyping Researches and evaluates technologies/products and make recommendations Works with vendors to finalize detailed technical specifications for hardware and software Installs hardware and/or software in test and production environments Tests and evaluates security technologies against established criteria Builds or enhances security technology infrastructure components, and integrates 3rd party components, using Makes design decision within the bounds established by project, portfolio, site and enterprise architectures Ensures that components are engineered in accordance with the use to which they will be put (for example, Unit and system tests all technology deliverables, and supports business acceptance testing Implements all deliverables with the highest possible quality (that is, fewest implementation defects) Leads the timely configuration, updated and tuning of all Security Technologies Leads daily health checks and actions findings Leads the testing of security software for system compliance Leads the actioning of Health Check findings by Security Engineering Performs daily routine maintenance tasks to Network Security tools ensuring patching, backups and other duties Actively participates to ensure the control of defined Security CI’s Performs patch management for Network Security tools Work in this role covers shift work 24/7/365 Acts as Security Operations Representation on CIRT and MIR Calls as required Leads the operationlization for Security based tools Acts as lead on projects ensuring they are completed on time and on budget ensuring project oversight and Technical knowledge of security tools Follows defined procedures to apply updates to policies, patches, updates and hotfixes to Security tools Scripting experience Knowledge in security practices Actively participates as a resource on technology project teams as required Participates with the application of the transition of Security technologies to production Follows project management methodologies to ensure planning and coordination of tasks and resources Participates in fiscal planning for Security Operations as requested Consciously aware of project expenses to ensure costs are within budgets Provides timely updates to ensure updates are planned and well communicated A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing, Minimum 5 years experience designing, integrating, and implementing end to end application, infrastructure, and Proven skills in designing and deploying multi-platform solutions Broad knowledge of industry technology and directions, and specific knowledge in security and infrastructure The incumbent should have skills and knowledge in capacity planning, disaster recovery planning, product/service lifecycles, service management and a strong focus on customer service Experience in performance tuning complex infrastructure solutions; knowledge of performance and monitoring tools will be an asset Attention to detail and effective planning and organizational skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Demonstrated initiative (self-starter) with the ability to influence others Proven history of both technical and management skills Good working knowledge of ITIL practices and processes Strong leadership, communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills with demonstrated experience working in Strong desire to implement change and make a contribution to the organization Proven history of making appropriate decisions and recommendations Good knowledge of Agile, Dev Ops, and PM methodologies Actively participates in meetings and training events with a willingness to share knowledge and learn from others Demonstrate commitment to respectful workplace and workplace diversity initiatives Fosters the department’s culture with a focus on teamwork and stewardship with business units. Supports opportunities for inter-company synergies Participates in the management of all third-party relationships to ensure the organizations standards and objectives are met Supports continual improvements of IS methods, tools and technique Actively participates in the organizational budgeting and planning process by providing the necessary research, Participates with the development of procedures with the Security Operations team to ensure that the appropriate level of security is in place to protect the integrity and security of organizational assets Ensures Security policies and procedures are up-to-date and followed. Provides recommendations for security enhancements. Monitors security audit logs for breaches. Automation top of mind and works to ensure that whenever possible efficient and effective use of technology is applied. Works to ensure all changes are well planned and tested following enterprise change management processes and procedures. Performs monthly/yearly technical reviews and testing of security software for system compliance. Performs updates as required after vulnerability scans and ensure penetration tests are completed and findings communicated and actioned. Performs emergency blocks and updates following change management practices Antivirus EDR Full Packet Capture DLP MFA SIEM 
ScrapedJobID325:
Générer des résultats positifs de bout en bout tout au long du processus de soutien réactif, assurer la progression saine des dossiers de soutien réactif et prendre en charge des cas de gravité normale et critique. Les ressources sont harmonisées aux comptes clients et tiennent compte de tous les niveaux de gestion des escalades, de production de rapports, de gestion des problèmes et de communication avec les clients. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les gestionnaires de compte stratégique et de satisfaction de la clientèle pour aider à offrir des commentaires pouvant soutenir le développement de solutions et de programmes d’évaluation de l’exploitation Établir, à titre de personne influente et de représentant des intérêts des clients, des relations solides avec les intervenants internes en contact avec les clients. Travailler en collaboration avec le gestionnaire de compte et de satisfaction de la clientèle, et être la personne de référence principale au sein de l’espace de gestion du soutien réactif. Faire preuve d’un leadership confiant et communiquer avec empathie, en temps opportun et de façon professionnelle, tout en veillant au bon fonctionnement du soutien réactif. Être responsable des interactions directes avec les clients dans le but de faire état de l’impact commercial des demandes de soutien ou des plus récents développements, d’établir un résumé de l’avancement des dossiers, de s’approprier et de coordonner les mesures à prendre pour améliorer l’état des demandes de soutien à risque ou critiques, et d’accélérer l’attribution des dossiers et leur résolution. Préparer des rapports et planifier des rencontres avec les clients pour examiner l’avancement des dossiers, pour s’aligner sur leurs priorités et pour offrir des recommandations en collaboration avec le gestionnaire de compte et de satisfaction de la clientèle. Cerner et prôner les améliorations des processus, des outils et des programmes de prestation de services, ce qui représente une occasion unique. À travers votre travail, contribuer à l’amélioration continue et aider l’entreprise à offrir une expérience client plus connectée. Examen des demandes de soutien : en fonction des priorités des clients, des outils internes et des compétences analytiques, déterminer les dossiers pour lesquels des mesures doivent être prises. Déterminer le meilleur plan d’action pour maintenir une bonne progression et une bonne résolution des demandes de soutien en tenant compte des connaissances spécifiques au dossier des différents clients. Développer la capacité d’anticiper les risques liés aux charges de travail et aux solutions spécifiques aux clients, et de prendre des mesures d’atténuation, le cas échéant. Gestion des situations critiques : pendant les heures ouvrables, soutenir la gestion active de certaines demandes de soutien en cas de situations critiques. Diriger les appels entre les clients et les ingénieurs du soutien Microsoft à titre de facilitateur en matière de résolution des litiges. Définition des attentes : contribuer à atténuer les risques liés à la relation en définissant les attentes de façon proactive, et aider les clients à comprendre le processus de gestion du soutien Microsoft. Lorsque nécessaire, travailler avec les ingénieurs pour investiguer le problème du client plus en profondeur dans le but de comprendre la cause première afin d’adopter une approche axée sur la prévention. Établir une approche entièrement axée sur les clients, c’est-à-dire qui place ces derniers et leur santé opérationnelle au centre des priorités. Tendances des demandes de soutien : à l’aide d’outils internes, de l’automatisation et de compétences analytiques, cerner et confirmer la cause première des demandes de soutien, et les catégoriser selon une norme définie. Ces renseignements vous aideront, vous et l’équipe de compte, à saisir les occasions de maximiser la valeur du contrat de l’accord de services de soutien Premier ou Unified des clients grâce à l’utilisation de services proactifs pour améliorer l’état des opérations. Plus précisément, cerner des tendances et collaborer avec les gestionnaires de compte stratégique et de satisfaction de la clientèle pour élaborer des recommandations pour les clients. Production de rapports et veille stratégique : utiliser des outils spécialisés et des outils de production de rapports standard pour mieux comprendre le volume et les tendances des demandes de soutien. Ces renseignements serviront à soutenir les conversations avec les clients et diverses activités de gestion des incidents et des problèmes. This role is responsible for driving positive outcomes end to end within reactive support, including healthy reactive support case progression and management across both standard and critical severity cases. Resources are aligned directly to customer accounts and own all levels of escalation handling, reporting, problem management and customer communications. This role will partner closely with Customer Success Account Managers (CSAMs) to support the development of insights that can inform solution and operational health program development As a key influencer and advocate for the customer, you will build strong relationships with internal and customer-facing stakeholders. In partnership with the Customer Success Account Manager (CSAM), you will be the trusted central commander within the Reactive Support Management space. You will showcase confident leadership and communicate with empathy in a timely and professional manner while driving reactive support request health. This will include direct interactions with customers to gather the business impact of support requests, to provide status updates or executive summary on case progress, and to own and coordinate actions to improve health in at-risk or unhealthy support requests and to accelerate cases assignment and resolution. You will prepare reports and lead a cadence with the customer to review the cases progress, to align on their priorities, and to provide recommandations in collaboration with the CSAM. In this role, there is a unique opportunity to identify and champion process, tools, and service delivery program improvements. Through your work, you will help to influence continuous improvement and a more connected customer experience. Support Request Reviews - – Based on customers priorities, internal tools and analytical skills, you will identify cases that require action. You will determine the best course of action to maintain healthy support request progression and resolution through consideration of customer-specific knowledge. You will develop the ability to anticipate risk related to customer-specific workloads and solutions and take mitigation action where required. Critical Situation Management – During business hours, this role will support the active management of select critical situation support requests. You will lead calls with customers and Microsoft support engineers as a facilitator in case resolution. Expectation setting – You will help to mitigate relationship risk through proactive expectation setting and help the customer to understand Microsoft support management process. Work with engineers as needed to investigate the customer issue further to understand the root cause to drive prevention Establish a customer obsession approach that puts the customer and the customer operational health in the center Support Requests Trends – Using internal tools, automation and analytical skills, you will identify and confirm the root cause of support requests and categorize them following a defined standard. These insights will help you and the account team to understand opportunities to maximize the value of the customer’s Premier or Unified Support agreement through the use of proactive services to drive Operational Health improvements. Specifically, this role will be responsible for identifying trends and partnering with Customer Success Account Managers (CSAMs) to build recommendations for customers. Reporting and Business Intelligence – You will leverage purpose-built tooling and standard reporting to support your understanding of support request volume and trends. This information will serve to support customer conversations and various incident/problem management activities. Faire preuve d’empathie et de jugement (surtout en situation d’urgence), et avoir la capacité de gérer son stress. Posséder d’excellentes compétences en communication orale et écrite, en français comme en anglais, adaptées au contexte de gestion des incidents, y compris les interactions avec les intervenants de la direction. Avoir des aptitudes en leadership, être pragmatique, faire preuve d’une grande compréhension et avoir la capacité d’exprimer le sentiment d’urgence des clients. Être axé sur les clients et curieux, et chercher consciemment à comprendre les résultats souhaités par les clients dont vous défendez les intérêts. Posséder de solides compétences en résolution de problèmes et avoir la capacité d’influencer et de motiver les autres. Avoir la capacité d’analyser les données liées aux litiges, et de les utiliser pour cerner des tendances et développer de nouvelles idées. Développer et entretenir de bonnes relations de travail avec les autres. Accepter les différentes valeurs et les différents modes de vie, et respecter les caractéristiques et les forces uniques de chacun. Agir avec confiance dans des circonstances incertaines et chercher à les clarifier. Avoir la capacité de prioriser et de prendre des mesures réfléchies pour produire l’impact souhaité. Faire preuve d’un jugement éclairé et équilibré dans des situations urgentes et à fort impact. Empathy, judgement (especially during urgent situation) and capacity to manage stress Excellent written and verbal French and English communication skills adapted to incident management situation, including ability to interface with executive stakeholders Leaderdership skills and action-oriented, strong understanding of and ability to articulate customer’s sense of urgency Customer-centric and curious; consciously seeks to understand desired customer outcomes and advocates on their behalf Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to influence and motivate others Ability to analyze case data for trends and insights Develops and maintains good working relationships with others. Recognizes different values and styles, and respects others' unique characteristics or strengths. Acts confidently in uncertain circumstances and seeks to bring, develop clarity Capacity to prioritize and takes well thought-out action to achieve a specific impact Applies sound, balanced judgement during high impact and urgent situations 
ScrapedJobID326:
Watch the enterprise SIEM for anomalous traffic representative of an attack (aka "threat hunting") Triage alerts and reports of incidents provided by third parties such as MSSPs Analyze real-time traffic and associated artifacts: malicious, normal, and application traffic; and differentiate malicious traffic from false positives Tune SIEM/reporting thresholds to minimize false positives to the greatest extent possible Work cross-functionally within the Security & Trust team to optimize our security infrastructure At least 3 years experience in a security related position Relevant professional certifications preferred: CCNA, Security+, GCIA, Certified Ethical Hacker, or CISSP Experience performing daily system monitoring and health checks for various security products Experience performing threat hunting on enterprise level SIEM's, such as Splunk, Sumo Logic, Arcsight, or similar Triaging alerts and reports of incidents Analysis of real-time traffic and associated artifacts: malicious, normal, and application traffic; and demonstrate the ability to differentiate malicious traffic from false positives Configuring firewalls, data encryption, access control and other security tools Knowledgeable in Splunk searching (SPL) and Linux data retrieval using grep Understanding of how DNS works for both legitimate and malicious purposes Solid understanding of TCP/IP network protocols and traffic flow in an enterprise environment Assist with maintaining and improving our alarming logic for new and existing log sources with our development team 
ScrapedJobID327:

ScrapedJobID328:
You have a passion for helping lead a team to implement innovative and efficient solutions in pursuit of building an awesome product that will help improve people’s lives You desire to take healthcare to the next level by utilizing the latest cloud services and advances in software engineering to help provide solutions to complex problems Your first instinct is not to say “No” but to find ways to provide solutions to technical problems You are motivated by collaborating with a multidisciplinary team Work directly with Infrastructure and DevOps leadership to ensure that the Engineering Team has all the resources needed to build, deliver, and maintain the platform. Coordinate with the Product Team to ensure that team resources are allocated properly to meet product requirements. Ensure that a team climate based on trust, respect, and responsibility Coordinate with company leadership and other team leads to ensure the Engineering Team is aligned with the overall strategy, priorities, and goals of the company. Ensure that team members have tools and processes and resources they need to focus solely on building, delivering, and maintaining the platform. Proven track record in helping build innovative products Proven passion for learning. Organization and accountability within a fluid and constantly changing environment Excellent problem solving and problem preempting skills Willingness to go the distance to help Proven experience in a technical mentoring role Love working with a team 5+ years experience with writing Cloudformation, CDK or Terraform as primary job function. 5+ years setting up and maintaining high availability multi-region deployments and infrastructure. Experience setting up infrastructure such as server-less, SQS, message queues, databases, user identity management, networking, firewall, and load balancers. Experience setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines. Experience setting up and maintaining monitoring tools such as Sentry, CloudWatch, XRay, ElasticSearch, Grafana, Splunk Deep understanding of cloud services and distributed programming paradigms Containerization and container orchestration experience is required; Kubernetes experience is a plus. Automation experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, or other similar language is a HUGE plus! Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field. We are a group of people who are bright, kind, and motivated by challenge. We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and healthcare. We love solving problems, thinking creatively, and trying new things. We believe in autonomy & taking initiative. We take what we do seriously, but we also know how to have fun. We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas. We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. You can be your authentic self here and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! 
ScrapedJobID329:
Planning and executing on corporate IT enhancement and migration projects under the direction of the VP Technology and guidance of the Senior Architect. Supporting our employees’ day to day IT needs and provide troubleshooting, communication, and training as needed. Implementing and enforcing corporate IT & security policies to ensure we stay in compliance and perform at high standards. Providing tier 1 tech support for our customers, being the bridge between customer service and development team. You will primarily be working standard business hours. However, off hour work will be occasionally required in case of technical emergencies or scheduled work that will cause service outages and need to be performed outside of office hours. Monday to Friday system administration: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID330:
Manage and configure Check Point firewalls and various software blades; Participate in the development of best practice, policy and process documents; Review security changes and provide recommendations; Conduct day to day operational security activities (log review, health checks); Monitor and update security equipment; Participate in information security incident response; Provide security recommendations as a SME; Solution, design, implement and coordinate project activities relating to security; Provide daily support on incidents, requests and projects; Strong knowledge of TCP/IP as well as packet capture analysis (wireshark); Strong analytical skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls; Strong capacity in root-cause analysis and recommendations; A strong understanding of operating system internal controls and network protocols; Excellent oral and written communication skills in English (bilingual English/French preferred); Knowledge of other security products is a plus (Web proxy, two-factor authentication, SIEM); Knowledge and experience in developing and documenting security plans, including project plans; Knowledge of Active Directory security considered an asset; Knowledge of SIEM application like QRadar and/or Sentinel considered an asset; Knowledge of Kusto querying language considered an asset; Experience managing Check Point firewalls; Experience with common information security management frameworks such as ITIL; Experience in application technology security testing; Experience in system technology security testing (vulnerability scanning and penetration testing). Experience configuring and managing Check Point security products (including Endpoint security); Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline or equivalent experience; 5 years of experience in IT, including 3 years in security and compliance roles; Check Point Certified Security Administrator considered an asset; 
ScrapedJobID331:
Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) risk management: 3 years (preferred) IT security: 4 years (preferred) Internal audits: 5 years (preferred) Compliance: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID332:
or equivalent experience Evaluate and install computer hardware, networking software and operating system software Provide problem-solving services to network users Implement data, software and hardware security procedures Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Set up local area networks and connections to the Internet Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Physically demanding Attention to detail Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking MS Windows Internet Networking software Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Security software Mail server software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID333:
Point of contact for Major Incident Management within Technology services. You are responsible to collaborate with various support teams and vendor partners to device the shortest resolution path by establishing strong command and control over the incident. You are responsible for sending consistent and timely communication to business and IT stakeholders. You are responsible for conducting post incident reviews for all High / Critical Incidents and drive the teams to identify root cause, lessons learned and a plan to prevent a reoccurrence of similar incident. You will provide improvement opportunities in the existing enterprise process. Generate metrics reports for leadership and stakeholder review. Identify process gaps and contribute to continual improvement of the Incident Management process. You have excellent communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on working experience with Major Incident management in support of complex IT environment(s) in a larger organization. Banking & finance services industry experience is a bonus. You have at least 5+ years of hands-on working experience in handling incident bridges involving support teams from multiple geographies/time zones. You have at least 10+ years of progressive IT working experience that spans a high-level understanding of full stack technologies used in a large enterprise. You have at least 3+ years of professional working experience in dealing with senior executives (VP+ audience) from Business and Technology. You can demonstrate adeptness in working within a complex, fast paced environment by utilizing strategic thinking, risk mitigation, and sound judgment to choose the right solution. You have a solid track record in setting priorities, pursuing multiple threads at the same time, plus the ability to accurately reflect current state and drive towards resolution. You completed a post-secondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Sciences, or equivalent. You are ITIL Foundations certified (v3 and/or 2011 and/or v4). 
ScrapedJobID334:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Accurate Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID335:
Strong analytical, resourceful problem solving and troubleshooting experience with complex IT infrastructure environments Experience managing 1 or more SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) platforms including application functionality, integration and performance:
Splunk Enterprise Security, IBM QRadar, MicroFocus ArcSight, Logrythm Splunk Enterprise Security, IBM QRadar, MicroFocus ArcSight, Logrythm Understanding of network operations and data flow including firewall and VPN functionality Technical working experience with various operating systems, virtualization and infrastructure monitoring:
Server platforms (GNU/Linux, Windows Server.), Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare, Hyper-V etc.), Infrastructure monitoring (SolarWinds, Nagios etc.) Server platforms (GNU/Linux, Windows Server.), Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare, Hyper-V etc.), Infrastructure monitoring (SolarWinds, Nagios etc.) Understanding of Cloud environments
Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform Strong communications, written and verbal Client service-oriented mindset You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID336:
Lead the assigned Incident Response & Digital forensics team and liaise with other internal teams to set priorities as part of the incident response. Review and respond to escalated security events from other analysts. Ability to use individual team members’ strengths and skills to successfully lead an incident response and support RCA with digital forensics. Good technical understanding of modern threats, TTPs, MITRE ATT&CK Matrix and digital forensics methodologies. Strong report-writing and communication skills. Develop and evolve the CSOC capabilities, with a particular focus on continuous update and improvement to response processes and procedures; recommend new capabilities to help with threat identification, response, and prevention, including the automation of response. Oversee the teams on call and measurable operational effectiveness. Understand the evolving business landscape and product roadmap to anticipate potential risks and strategically align future projects. Understand business insights to strengthen and solidify the team’s mandate. Respond to service provider network attacks affecting critical network infrastructure and the cloud environments. Including Digital forensics. Utilizing “kill chain” methodologies, effectively determine risk prioritized response, investigate security events and make clear recommendations on mitigation. Preparing executive risk-based metrics reports based on the MITRE ATT&CK model. Provide expertise to Threat Hunting and Cyber Intelligence team to deal with threats in the environment. Provide expert assistance with digital evidence to support internal investigations processes. Performing gap assessments, oversee development of automation scripts, correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Contribute to security projects and ad-hoc requests. Demonstrate strong leadership in challenging environments, maintaining a professional, calm, and expert manner always. Undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, information science, or a related technical discipline 5+ years of related experience in cybersecurity or computer network defense or incident response or digital forensics CISSP, GIAC, GREM accompanied by a Forensics certification preferred Strong knowledge of Clouds, Service provider/ Telecom infrastructure, virtual environments, web applications and APIs Experience with forensic tools and methodologies is required Scripting (Powershell, Bash, Perl, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking, including routing and common ports/protocols. Demonstrated relevant experience as a key member of a threat intel, incident response, malware analysis, or similar role. Strong knowledge of malware families, network attack vectors, digital and evidence collection & management. Strong knowledge of Linux, MAC, Mobile platforms, Windows system internals. Understanding of payment card processing, related fraud and carding techniques. Ability to clearly articulate risk & findings to internal clients both verbally and in written form. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and documentation skills. Strong organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills. Ability to work well both independently and in a team environment. Proficiency with Microsoft-based computer programs, Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID337:

ScrapedJobID338:
Actively monitor existing sensors, recommends policy, procedural and control changes to correct deficiencies and mitigate risk due to information corruption and loss. Assists in the evaluation of the effectiveness of information security systems, including developing methods and techniques to assess their effectiveness. Ensures that users of information services and owners of information assets are provided with effective information security awareness, education and direction. Responsible for the implementation and operation of information security training requirements and developing educational programs, as required. Assists with the implementation of new policies, standards and procedures in collaboration with key stakeholders and internal service providers. Ensure staff and data security compliance. Assists with the implementation of hardware and software in support IBI's security needs. Responds to incidents. Assesses current risk and identifies weaknesses. Ability to conduct in-depth forensic analytical studies and investigations. Post-Grad Diploma or Certificate in Information or Cyber Security. Up to 2+ years of related experience within cyber and IT security procedures; recent cyber or information security program grads are welcome. Completion of a post-secondary degree in Computer Science or Business Administration with a specialization in systems. Experience with Microsoft 365 and Office 365 Enterprise Mobility and Security E5 components, including ATP2, CloudApp, Azure AD Identity Protection. Pursuit of CISSP, Certified Information Systems Security Professional or a GISP, GIAC Information Security Professional designation is preferred. Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills. Ability to take initiative and work under minimal supervision while also remaining a great team player with a "roll up my sleeves" attitude. Strong organizational and project coordination skills with an ability to manage multiple priorities and competing deadlines at the same time. Must be customer service oriented as you will be working with all levels of IBI. Effective communication skills - verbal and written. 
ScrapedJobID339:
Be willing to work shiftwork between 6 AM and 10 PM MST as well as have flexibility for afterhours emergency on-call support Undergraduate degree preferably in one of the following areas: Business Management, Information Systems, Computer Science, and other related majors Strong experience with the following: Windows Defender ATP, Microsoft 365 Defender, Azure Sentinel Must be proficient in identifying threats, creating host-based hunts, applying security policies and tuning existing policies, running and monitoring scans and agent activity Some experience and knowledge of Window AD security and Azure AD security Solid knowledge of commonly used frameworks and standards used in cybersecurity Excellent analytical skills Excellent interpersonal, written, verbal, communication, and presentation skills Relevant work experience, including full time Security Operations experience Ability to perform SIEM queries and analysis Be well. Lead with your passion. Have fun. Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID340:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID341:
Liberté et conciliation travail-famille : adoptez notre environnement de travail souple et bénéficiez d’un horaire flexible, du télétravail et d’espaces de travail numériques Résolution de problèmes parmi les plus importants à l’échelle mondiale : prenez part à des projets passionnants et novateurs Environnement mobilisateur et stimulant qui évolue rapidement et comprend une technologie de fine pointe Occasions de faire progresser votre carrière et de bénéficier de programmes de mentorat à l’échelle locale et mondiale Rémunération globale concurrentielle Participation aux bénéfices possible Possibilité d’acheter des vacances ou de vendre celles auxquelles vous avez droit, selon votre style de vie Contribution à nos initiatives de responsabilité sociale centrées sur l’accès à l’éducation, l’accès à la technologie et le soutien aux communautés, tout en ayant une incidence positive sur la collectivité Participation à nos célébrations ainsi qu’à nos événements sociaux et professionnels en dehors des lieux de travail Occasions de partager vos idées novatrices et d’être rémunéré pour celles-ci! Avantages et réductions pour les employés Accent mis sur la diversité et l’inclusivité Surveiller les alertes de sécurité dans SIEM pour divers actifs informatiques et liés aux technologies opérationnelles, dans des environnements opérationnels fonctionnant de 9 h à 17 h ou 24 heures sur 24, 7 jours sur 7. Effectuer un tri manuel des alertes déclenchées pour déterminer les incidents et menaces de sécurité potentiels. Documenter les vrais positifs et lancer les interventions en cas d’incidents si nécessaire. Effectuer la collecte de données sur l’hôte et le réseau aux fins de l’intervention en cas d’incidents et de l’enquête. Analyser les preuves recueillies et en tirer des conclusions objectives. Diriger les étapes individuelles des interventions en cas d’incidents au besoin. Collaborer efficacement avec les intervenants internes et externes. Documenter le flux de travaux des interventions en cas d’incidents et maintenir la chaîne de contrôle des preuves recueillies. Compiler le rapport post-incident et présenter les preuves et la documentation aux équipes de direction et des Affaires juridiques ainsi qu’aux organismes d’application de la loi, au besoin. Soutenir les exigences particulières en matière de sécurité et de conformité des parties externes. Atout – capacité à effectuer indépendamment des chasses aux menaces informatiques. Baccalauréat en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe requis De deux à cinq années d’expérience pratique dans le domaine de la sécurité de l’information dans un environnement de société en exploitation de Siemens Connaissance approfondie des principes fondamentaux de la sécurité de l’information et du processus d’intervention en cas d’incidents Certifications de sécurité pertinentes, un atout Expérience liée à l’automatisation de procédures à l’aide d’interpréteurs de commande et de langages de programmation comme Python, un atout Bon esprit d’analyse et capacité à résoudre des problèmes ainsi qu’à surmonter des difficultés grâce à une grande expérience pratique et à une attitude positive Solides compétences en gestion des intervenants afin que les questions urgentes soient traitées rapidement 
ScrapedJobID342:
No one can ignore the internet these days—and a lot of great things are happening online—but we also know that online harms are damaging many individuals, communities, and organizations. It's Pagefreezer's vision to make the Internet a safer place by delivering solutions that transform how people protect integrity online, ensuring accountability, and enabling the pursuit of justice. Pagefreezer simplifies compliance and litigation by automatically archiving websites, social media, mobile text messages, and enterprise collaboration platforms for every stage of the information governance lifecycle. We enable organizations to create and share defensible records of their data, quickly and easily in our dashboard, in real-time—every like, share, edit, and deletion. Our coworkers (https://www.pagefreezer.com/company-team/) are collaborative, proactive, and interesting - and they care about the right things. We've built a culture based on values that mean something to us (https://www.pagefreezer.com/aboutus/values/) and we practice them daily. Our compensation is comprehensive, competitive, and can include benefits like extended health insurance, a $600 Lifestyle Spending Account, a $1000 annual learning budget, a Tax-Free Savings Account and a matching Retirement Savings Plan and paid time off, if you're in Canada. Not in Canada? We'll create a compensation package you're excited about together. Our employees' priorities matter. Career growth? Balancing work and life? Growing your own side-hustle? Helping you live your best life is #goals. Our track record is strong (https://blog.pagefreezer.com/pagefreezer-ranks-on-growth-500-list-for-3rd-consecutive-year), our market opportunity is growing (https://blog.pagefreezer.com/pagefreezer-partnered-with-workplace-by-facebook), and we're already providing solutions to some of the biggest companies in the world- and you'll be helping us accelerate even faster. Come join a sustainably profitable, small company and see the impact of your work. Collaborate with our Information Security Team to develop strategies, promote and ensure adherence to Information Security Policy to meet our business challenges and requirements Collaborate across departments with key stakeholders to create and improve auditable processes to meet our ISMS policies and external security requirements Implement, enforce, and monitor conformance to information security processes and report on their adoption. Ensure ISMS reviews and write updates to meet changing requirements through analysis of changes to scope and environment, changes to business requirements and challenges, and current risk landscape. Contribute to our company-wide information security awareness and training program, including creating and presenting policy and training assessments (presentations, videos in LMS assessments, documentation, etc). Own processes related to vendor security management: manage timely processing of new vendor requests, perform vendor risk assessments, carry out vendor assessment reporting for new and current vendors, ensure requirements for vendor lifecycle management are upheld. Ensure conformance to incident response handling requirements through recognizing risks and vulnerabilities, evaluation of events against incident criteria, documenting investigations, collecting and evaluating information for incident reports, and ensuring incident communication requirements are met with stakeholders internally and externally Support the Information Security Team through the complete cycle of annual external audits for security compliance. Participating in security risk, threat and vulnerability assessment and analysis. Facilitating internal audits with stakeholders against our ISMS to prepare for external audit Collecting and presenting information and assessments for Information Security Management Reviews Providing evidence as assigned and representing our security policy and procedures in auditing “fieldwork” sessions Contribute to requests for information or assessment from our prospects or customers, such as vendor assessments or security questionnaires. Serving as a representative of the Information Security council to internal and external stakeholders, contributing expertise and insight and bringing back information to the IS team. Maintain an ongoing understanding of best practices and the newest trends in the field. Alignment with our Core Values (https://www.pagefreezer.com/aboutus/values/) 2+ years of experience in a information security, information systems, information security compliance role at a SAAS company Deep/strong knowledge of various information security or regulatory frameworks (ISO/IEC 27001, AICPA SOC 2, NIST Framework, GDPR, etc) Bonus points for familiarity with COBIT, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, Familiarity with infosec best practices and control technologies, including access controls, vulnerability management, etc. Experience with performing risk assessments and implementing risk mitigation strategies Confident presenting to any kind of audience, including technical and non-technical, as well as executives and external parties. Good presentation skills, with the ability to break down complex, dry information and making it clear and engaging for general audiences Previous success mobilizing cross-functional teams in implementing new processes Strong analytical thinking and perspective-taking skills and time management skills A flexible and hands-on attitude, with patience for context-switching GRC certifications including CISSP, CISA, CISM, ISO Lead or Internal Auditor, VCP, etc. Able to work 40 hours a week and authorized to work in Canada (anywhere in Canada works for us) 
ScrapedJobID343:
Establishing relationships with client personnel at appropriate levels. Consistently delivering quality client services. Monitoring progress, managing risks and ensuring key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes. Staying abreast of current business and industry trends relevant to the client’s business Demonstrating ability to continuously learn, incorporate and apply new knowledge in the work environment. Possessing good business acumen. Remaining current on new developments in Advisory services, capabilities and industry knowledge Improving clients' efficiency and effectiveness through the design of their operations, processes, information technology and business functions Executing procedures, performing detailed data analysis, reaching conclusions, documenting results and suggesting ideas for efficiencies Taking full responsibility for tasks, including consistent review of own work to identify and improve an approach for producing high quality work products, while working under supervision An undergraduate or graduate degree in business, engineering, computer science, information systems, or another related major Relevant industry experience is a differentiator Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficient in MS Office, including MS Excel, MS Word and MS PowerPoint Tech savviness – willingness to learn how to use relevant tools/software as needed Demonstrated project management, teaming, organizational, analytical and problem-solving skill Demonstrated integrity, values, principles, and work ethic Willing and able to learn and work independently with minimal supervision Effective organization and time management skills with the ability to work under pressure and adhere to project deadlines Integrity within a professional environment Successful candidates must be available to travel as needed within and outside of Canada and work in excess of standard hours when necessary Proficient in both English and French, including the ability to listen, understand, read, and communicate effectively both in writing and verbally in a professional environment. Knowledge and hands-on experience with key components of cybersecurity such as network & infrastructure security, access and identity management, threat detection, incident response, vulnerability management, security governance, risk and compliance, security architecture, data protection and others is an asset Solid knowledge of commonly used frameworks and standards used in cybersecurity Practical experience with conducting threat and risk assessments preferred Working toward Certified Information Systems Security Professional, CISSP, certification Nice to have experience with or knowledge of cybersecurity in Industrial Control Systems Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID344:
Lead resources in the implementation of technical solutions for an array of clients. Establish project scope and design workflow solutions for our clients while ensuring client satisfaction during the entire process. . Strive to understand and improve IT Weapons Design and Build standards Participate in IT Weapons training and recommended certification paths Be available to assist your team members 24/7; on call based on rotating team schedule Be an escalation point for the Service Desk and other Consulting teams at IT Weapons Ability to handle multiple assignments, manage priorities, and meet strict deadlines Proven client-facing skills developed in a professional consulting environment Experienced interacting with project stakeholders and vendors Perform vulnerability and penetration testing Perform system audits Perform security assessments Analyze security data and reports 5+ years in networking and security related functions 3 + years implementing security solutions 2 + years of event analysis 2 + years performing Vulnerability assessment and penetration tests Audit experience is a plus Training experience is a plus Experience with Firewalls is a plus Experience with Awareness Training is a plus CISSP is a plus Other network vendor certificates are a plus Other security vendor certificates are a plus A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID345:
Execute timely audits for assigned business or engagements in accordance with established standards ensuring completion within prescribed time, budget and scope parameters and ensure completion of documentation of audit work in a clear, concise, logical manner Assist in the development of audit planning process while ensuring the completion of appropriate programs and risk assessments to identify key risks and opportunities to mitigate those risks Handle the ongoing audit communications process including presentation of findings and recommendations to client and audit management Present independent audit opinion on the adequacy of internal controls in accordance with established professional standards Collaborate with regulatory and internal divisional audits for new findings to ensure all data is up-to-date and properly documented Prepare and present complex reporting, analysis and assessments that will bring about significant improvements to internal processes and activities Support the entire audit engagement process and improve operational efficiencies by keeping current on emerging business trends and developments, and analytical tools and technique Help the team in the analysis, and implementation of initiatives to deliver quality results within tight timeframes Act with the highest levels of integrity while always observing regulatory guidelines, fulfilling your due diligence by applying good judgement in handling confidential matters Build positive and open work environment by inspiring good working relationships, sharing knowledge and skills, and assisting team members by performing additional duties Keep abreast of IT emerging issues, trends, and evolving regulatory requirements and assess potential impacts to the Bank and audit approach. Maintain a training plan and provide input into personal training needs as necessary. Work to achieve individual goals and support other team members in the achievement of team goals and divisional objectives. Some travel may be required Undergraduate degree in Computer Sciences, Information Technology, or other relevant disciplines with over 3 years of work experience Experience in working with IT Infrastructure processes, systems and components, audits of IT General Controls, IT risk assessment and management, data analytics and/or relevant internal audit work. Strong analytical skills in assessing risk and challenging the status quo Ability to analyze and form an opinion on risks and controls relating to IT systems and link to associated business impacts Hands on knowledge of MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook) and Internet applications Proficient to work multi-functionally, provide guidance to other team members and ensure good relations across teams and functions Strong communication (written and verbal) skills to interact clearly and effectively in a fast-changing environment Professional designation preferred (e.g. CISA, CISSP, CCSP, CCSK, AWS, CSX, or CIA) 
ScrapedJobID346:
Threat modeling and mitigation for AWS services Review test cases and ensure quality assurance will cover security Contribute to the full lifecycle of software components, from requirements through design, testing, development, release, and demise Evaluate, implement, and enforce software development best practices Provide frictionless integration with the runtime, deployment, and SDLC technologies Support sales by providing technical insights, including estimation and technical proposals Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field A strong grounding in security concepts, including secure coding practices, trusted computing, and principles of authentication and authorization Knowledge of AWS services and related security configurations – IAM, S3, DynamoDB, KMS, EC2, ECS, etc. Hands-on experience deploying AWS infrastructure Ability to code review OPA and Rego policies Ability to write code for infrastructure deployment using CDK and CloudFormation templates Experience deploying and supporting software across the full Continuous Delivery life-cycle Familiar with version control, CI/CD, and configuration management tools Ability to reason about performance, security, and process interactions in complex distributed systems Excellent communications skills, with the ability to collaborate well with both technical and non-technical audiences, both written and orally Experience in agile/scrum methodologies Comfortable working with remote / distributed teams and projects Prior experience writing infrastructure as code security policies Understanding of PKI, X.509, key exchange protocols, and authentication protocols, including token-based authentication Experience meeting demands for high availability, low latency, and scale Remote interview process Social distancing guidelines in place Temporarily working fully remote Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID347:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Work under pressure Repetitive tasks 
ScrapedJobID348:
Consulting - Review and interpret requirements documentation, architecture diagrams and solution designs to help determine the feasibility of a project and its security risk to CIBC. Assess business needs against potential risks and provide your recommendations to enhance our information security landscape. Delivery and Execution - You will help us execute detailed threat risk and information security assessments, deviations, coordination of penetration testing and reporting. Help us complete requests from external partners (corporate and institutional clients) and recommend new controls to reduce risks. Communication - Build and present documentation to executive management aimed at communicating potential risks and providing recommendations. Provide feedback to and participate in the design and implementation of security assessment processes across the organization. Research, design, and implement security monitoring practices and operationalize these processes across the group. You can demonstrate experience in Information Security, Threat-risk assessments, Vulnerability & Penetration testing, and application security development projects . Familiarity with end point technology, Strong Cloud Computing technologies, Exposure to Agile Development processes, and a CISSP certification is an asset. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You're digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability. Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities and individual development planning Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID349:
Assess, interpret and appropriately escalate security alerts. Assist in the development and maintenance of security alerts including triage, process, and escalation documentation. Maintain and support the SIEM environment including integrating new systems, alert testing, and process development. Work with IT to provide consistent and reliable end-user system security through our antivirus and MDM solutions, including reporting and non-compliance remediation. Assist in the remediation efforts of environmental vulnerabilities as indicated through our vulnerability management program. Assist with the development and maintenance of our security operations program. Perform periodic security assessments of core systems and applications. Perform periodic reviews of privileged access. Work with various technology teams to resolve identified and escalated vulnerabilities. Work to resolve compliance deviations and escalate as necessary. Assist with the development and continuous improvement of security. Bachelor Degree, with a technology or business emphasis, or equivalent education and experience. Industry recognized Information Security certifications would be an asset: CEH, Security+, OSCP, CISSP, or similar. Knowledge and experience security cloud platforms, preferably AWS. Minimum of 3 years experience in Information Technology, with a preference for Information Security experience. Operational SIEM experience would be a strong asset. Automation experience would be a strong asset. Strong sense of teamwork. Adaptable to new technologies and challenges not previously encountered. Able to build great working relationships with peers and operational staff. Strong written and oral communication skills, with the ability to work with both technical and business users. Self-motivated with acute attention to detail. Innovative and proactive. Health, wellness and lifestyle benefits to balance your heart, mind, and body. Pension matching and Employee Equity Incentives to support your financial health. Unlimited paid time off so you can really recharge and enjoy life. Enough said. Flexible working environment. Choose your home, one of our trendy offices or mix it up. Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is important. And an amazing culture to top it all off! 
ScrapedJobID350:
Conduct third-party/vendor security risk assessment, management, and reporting. Lead annual and periodic reviews of vendor risk, in accordance with CCG policy Engage in third party risk management coordination with auditors and regulators Measure and report on IT GRC metrics on a quarterly and annual basis to Information Security Lead and Senior Management Align business objectives and security controls by participating in Proof-of-Concept and Proof-of-Value activities Responsible for the update and of IT policies, processes, and operating guidelines Alignment of the Security Program with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity Framework by conducting an auditor driven assessment on an annual basis Evaluate security key risk controls and changes in risk profile based on internal and external loss events, and independent control assessments (such as PwC audit and PCI) Monitor and update of IT General Controls (ITGC) Conduct IT Governance and internal security risk assessments Report to the Risk Advisory Committee and Enterprise Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis Have responsibility over training Brokers on enhancing their security posture Bachelors or equivalent degree in Information Security or Information Technology Industry accreditation; CISSP, CISA, CISM would be an asset Minimum 7-10 years of experience Strong knowledge and previous experience with Governance, Risk and Compliance frameworks Strategic, critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills 
ScrapedJobID351:
Manage our MDM platform (Jamf), user management (G Suite), password and security management, as well as other SaaS services related to daily operations. Set up workstations with laptops and necessary peripheral devices (Apple products). Check computer hardware (monitors, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality. Install, configure and maintain appropriate applications and functions according to specifications and security requirements. Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer systems. Onboard new employees and provide continuous support on how to operate software and equipment as needed. Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance, including arranging laptops to send for repairs through our authorized service providers. Maintain a list of hardware and computer equipment while keeping track of shortages and placing orders. Respond to troubleshooting requests through systems (Jira and Slack). Work with other departments and vendors to help innovate solutions tailored to business practice. Be able to work independently and with fast-pace projects. Do regular audits to ensure compliance and functionality. Create new solutions to improve system infrastructure with in-depth proposals and product knowledge. The experience. You have 1+ years hands-on experience as an IT Specialist or relevant position. You have insights and opinions on the best tools, approaches and techniques to implement. You have experience troubleshooting hardware and software issues and working with both technical and non-technical teams and customers. The technical skills. You have experience and understand of: MDM platforms Cloud user management such as G Suite and AWS Various operating systems. While we mainly use MacOS it would be beneficial to have an understanding of Linux and Microsoft Windows Internet security and data privacy principles The communication skills. You can effectively translate technical to non-technical. You have outstanding verbal, written and interpersonal skills. The desire to learn and curiosity. You can quickly adopt new technologies and respond to change by adapting. You are interested in expanding your skills in IT within a rapidly growing startup. You are curious and want to know how things work, and you love making sure solutions you propose are the right fit and will work. A team player. You are able to work independently and collaboratively with a team on specific projects. You take ownership and initiative while being open to learning and feedback from peers.* Compliance and IT Security best practices AV systems, VOIP technologies and network topologies Scripting in Bash or Java Join a team of bright, humble and diverse individuals that value and support continued learning and skill development. Make an impact at a product-led organization that is simplifying the lives of real people and solving problems our society has faced for generations. It's a chance to make meaningful contributions and expand your career at a growing company. Enjoy our company-wide Friday socials, team building events and lively Slack channels to get to know your teammates both as coworkers as well as individuals. Be supported by a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision plans for you and your family, EAP program and parental leave top-up and more. Find work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid vacation and flex days. Enjoy working from the comfort of your home and create an ergonomic, productive and fulfilling home office. A generous budget for essential equipment will be offered during on-boarding to set you up for success! Daylight is hiring, on-boarding and working 100% remotely for the time being in order to keep our employees and candidates safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Benefits and perks listed above may change over time as the company grows and evolves. Application reviewed by a human being (please note that this process takes time as our approach is truly intentional and inclusive) Phone Screen with a Talent Acquisition Specialist Remote Interview with Director of Technical Operations and Sr. Governance and ERM Specialist Remote Interview with IT Specialist 
ScrapedJobID352:
Participer à l’élaboration de devis pour la réalisation des travaux Participer à l’estimation des quantités et des coûts Participer à la conception de structures en béton armé et de charpentes d’acier pour des projets en bâtiments Participer à la surveillance de chantier Baccalauréat en génie civil en cours d’obtention (2e année complétée) Stage crédité demandé Expérience de stage en structure du bâtiment (un atout) Connaissance de logiciels d’analyse et de conception (un atout) Aptitude à travailler en équipe Maîtrise de la suite Microsoft Office Maîtrise du français (parlé et écrit) Travail en présentiel requis 
ScrapedJobID353:
Provide technical leadership and conduct incident response engagements as required with the support of the Head of Security Monitoring and Response Develop incident response protocols & processes within the Global SOC, paying particular attention to best practices and advances in technology or cyber security Support advanced “Threat Hunting” for unknown cyber security events in order to find, identify and categorize advanced cyber threats Produce high-quality written and verbal reports, presentations, recommendations to senior leadership & other internal stakeholders across CGI Partner with other SOC teams to provide mitigation recommendations to reduce the overall security risk within the organization Actively research within the field of Incident Response, Forensic and Threat Hunting to develop new strategies against threats Leverage recent discoveries by the Threat Intelligence community to guide hunting activities and ensure the continuous improvement and evolution of CGI practices Review, modify and create the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) used by L2 & L3s Degree in IT Security, Engineering or Technology related fields a major plus Proven certifications in cyber security related disciplines. E.g. SANS Certified in Incident Response and/or Forensics Forensics : Perform forensic collection of endpoint or network evidence with forensically sound procedures Reverse Engineering : Complete both dynamic and static analysis Cloud Development : Possess expertise in any of the flowing: Azure, AWS or GCP services and associated security monitoring and response Log Correlation / Log Analysis : Experience perform log analysis Quality & expertise : deliver high quality reporting on technical issues identified and providing remediation guidelines Critical thinking; ability to make decision with limited information Teamwork : contribute to continuous improvement for the whole team Action oriented; bring complex security investigation to closure Quick Learner: capacity to absorb information about new technology and learn on the fly under tight timelines 
ScrapedJobID354:
8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID355:
Monitor systems and applications for security events and alerts. Act on triggered alerts by investigating and remediating infections. Assist in security design and implementation in accordance with corporate policies. Provide second level security support to users. Install and configure security equipment and applications. Evaluate and recommend improvements in regard to the security infrastructure. Create technical support documentation for security systems and applications. Computer degree or equivalent experience; Minimum 3 to 5 years experience in information security; English oral and written; French oral and written a strong asset; Experience with defensive security (Antivirus, SIEM, EDR, IPS/IDS, etc.) and offensive security (penetration test, vulnerability assessment and security audit); Experience with Incident Handling and Forensic; Strong knowledge of TCP/IP and deep packet analysis; Experience with Linux and other Unix like operating systems; Experience with Windows Server 2008 and above; Experience with firewall, VPN, VoIP, proxies, wireless and other networking technologies; Experience with automation tools and scripting languages (bash, PowerShell, etc.); Familiarity with security frameworks (CIS / NIST800-53 / ISO2001) a strong asset; Industry certification (CISSP, Security+, SANS, etc…) is a strong asset. 
ScrapedJobID356:
Respond promptly and accurately to IT service requests Conduct end-user training and coaching Install Windows operating system software, patches, and upgrades Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve laptop hardware software and networking issues Configure, optimize, fine-tune laptop O/S system software Work with hardware and software vendors to verify timely product delivery and ensure that new equipment is installed and ready to operate as specified Analyze user requirements and make standard recommendations Aid in the testing and deployment of security patches for all systems including laptops, servers, and network equipment as schedule Excellent oral and written communication skills in English; bilingualism in French is considered an asset A community college degree as a Computer Systems Technician or similar Assets would include: A+ Certification, MCP in Windows 10 2 years’ experience in a current Windows environment, building laptops while doing basic administration of Active Directory In-depth and current knowledge of computing, telephony, and mobile hardware Knowledge of wired and wireless networking Knowledge of IT security including risks and mitigation strategies Knowledge of server, storage, network, security platforms to enable on-call troubleshooting In-depth technical knowledge of desktop applications Other Tools: Audio Visual solutions, PC cloning technologies, Ticket resolution systems Experience with problem triage, strong trouble shooting skills Experience working with Windows 10, and Office 365 Strong verbal and written skills, and the ability to work courteously and effectively with all end users Ability to identify and define user requirements Possess strong time management skills and the ability to prioritize tasks based on severity Able to work well under pressure, work independently and complete projects within the established deadlines A defined benefit pension plan A complete benefit package as of your first day on the job Three weeks’ vacation right off the bat A company-paid holiday closure in December A 35-hour work week Compressed and telework programs Virtual bootcamp and mobility & movement fitness classes Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID357:
Duration: 12 month term. Bilingualism: Desirable. French, mandatory. English, an asset. Not unilingual English Maximum rate: Flexible. Depends on qualifications of the resource Remote work: 100% remote. The resource may live outside of Montreal and its surroundings. Develop security solutions using your development skills and security knowledge. Everything you develop uses everything as code paradigms and your commits trigger full CI-CD pipelines to production. Everything you develop is tested in an automated way, at the right level according to needs and contexts. Everything you put into production is monitored so that you can react automatically in case of problems (blue-green and/or canary deployments patterns). Everything you put into production follows best practices for high availability (HA). You cooperate with the bank's security groups to ensure that the solutions developed can be operated by them in the future. You actively participate in the realization of our DevOps vision by integrating all these constituents into our delivery pipelines. This means using your technical knowledge to efficiently integrate our tools into our product pipelines. Automating the complete management of application certificate life cycles: creation, revocation, renewal (a la 'Let's Encrypt'). Management of application secrets using vault solutions (e.g. Hashicorp Vault). Optimization of identity management solutions. Complete management of flow openings using Infrastructure as code. Integration of security scanning solutions. Securing the various CI-CD processes (e.g. signing Docker images). Here is the technological environment in which you will evolve initially: Collaboration (JIRA/Confluence). Source code management (Git-Bitbucket). Continuous integration servers (Jenkins 2 with the concept of pipeline as code). Artifact management (Nexus, Artifactory). Reporting and dashboards (SonarQube). Provisioning (Ansible, Terraform). More provisioning and orchestration tools (Docker/k8s). Deployed on multi-cloud environments (private with OpenShift, public with AWS, GCP-GKE). Application monitoring (AppDynamics, Datadog, etc.) to measure applications and ensure they deliver the expected business value to our customers. As a DevSecOps Integrator, you are a generalist on all things DevOps, but you have a specialty in security. If you stand out for your desire to innovate, your curiosity, your pragmatism as well as your ability to learn and adapt, you are undoubtedly the member we are looking for to complete our team! Data is at the heart of our organization and the quality of this data allows us to guide the business decisions of the Bank, but also those of our clients for their future. If you're eager to share your data experience, want to make a big impact and be at the heart of change, you're the perfect person for us! Experience in the role of architect and/or senior designer in project delivery. Natural leadership, influencing, innovative, and communication skills at scale and in a large organization Proficient in modern ecosystem concepts, technologies and solutions: Domain Architecture, Microservices, APIs, Streaming, Cloud technologies, Real-time Data Flow, Orchestration, Straight Through Processing, Access Security, Elasticity, PaaS, Cloud, DevOps, DataOps etc. High volume transactional Integrating legacy systems Knowledge of software development, source code management and DevOps tools (Jenkins, git-Bitbucket, Nexus, Docker, etc.) Knowledge of Java / Python languages. Knowledge of the software development life cycle and Agile methodology. Experience developing within teams following DevOps and continuous integration best practices. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. 3-5+ years of relevant experience. 
ScrapedJobID358:
Delegate work to office support staff Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Carry out administrative activities of establishment Administer policies and procedures related to the release of records in processing requests under government access to information and privacy legislation Oversee and co-ordinate office administrative procedures Review, evaluate and implement new administrative procedures Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Establish work priorities and ensure procedures are followed and deadlines are met Assemble data and prepare periodic and special reports, manuals and correspondence Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Large workload Tight deadlines 3-4 people Effective interpersonal skills Flexibility Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Reliability Organized 
ScrapedJobID359:

ScrapedJobID360:
Monitor Cloud resources for security issues Investigate security breaches and other cyber security incidents Document security breaches and assess the impact Investigate, recommend, and install security software and technologies to better the security posture and monitoring of cloud resources Review cloud security monitoring strategy and make recommendations for improvements Work with security team to perform penetration tests, identify vulnerabilities, and report on the findings to the proper stake holders Stay current on IT security trends, news, and help develop appropriate mitigation strategies. Research security enhancements and make recommendations to management Understanding of firewalls, antivirus, privileged access management, and least privilege concepts used in practical deployments Practical knowledge and implementation methodologies for PCI, SOC II, NIST, ISO, and GDPR compliance are require Stakeholder in GRC initiatives to provide evidence and documentation of security strategies 5+ Years or more security experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field SANS, AWS, Azure, or related certifications or experience Experience with managing SIEM technologies Experience with multiple SIEM query languages Experience with Native AWS/Azure logging/monitoring and security monitoring technologies Experience with cloud native security technologies (Firewalls, NSGs, etc) Experience with Vulnerability Management for cloud resources 
ScrapedJobID361:
Analyst or advisor, operational risk Analyst or advisor, scenario analysis Analyst or advisor, business continuity Analyst or advisor, third-party risk (suppliers and partners) Advisor, risk monitoring and disclosure Senior advisor, specialized operational risk (cyberthreats and IT) And more! Establish and develop strategies and practices that allow simple, robust, consistent and effective risk management that contributes to the achievement of Desjardins Group's business objectives and ensure their application by the first line. Ensure a critical review of operational risk work by ensuring the consistency of risk taking with the organization's risk appetite. Fully support the organization in its digital transformation and modernization by providing it with a strategic and concrete view of technology risks and challenges. Develop a strategic view of supplier risks and monitor it. Develop a strategic view of business continuity risks and ensure the implementation of strategies to ensure operations resilience. Bachelor's degree in a relevant field (administration, finance, economics, accounting, actuarial science, mathematics, etc.) Experience in banking and⁄or insurance (an asset) Experience in third-party risk, business continuity, cybersecurity and technology (an asset) Certified by a recognized association (e.g. PRMIA or RIM) (an asset) Ability to summarize Strong interpersonal and communication skills Dynamic Ability to evolve in a constantly changing environment Ability to analyze and persuade with tact Career growth and development opportunities in Quebec Challenges to match your skills and ambitions Professional development training with recognized institutions Comprehensive, competitive benefits One of Canada's Top 100 employers An organization that cares about sustainable development 
ScrapedJobID362:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Attention to detail Effective interpersonal skills Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID363:
8 hour shift SIEM: 5 years (preferred) SOC: 8 years (preferred) mitre security framework: 3 years (preferred) Ticketing systems: 4 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID364:
or equivalent experience Android Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Internet Device drivers Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Intranet Servers File management software Communication software Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Business intelligence Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID365:
Design, architect, and implement industry-leading cloud technical solutions by understanding client requirements through your savvy consulting skills, both business and technical Provide detailed documentation including conceptual design, logical design, physical design, bill of materials, as-built diagrams, knowledge transfer materials, FAQs, transition to operations information As a subject matter expert, you will deliver projects from initiation through to successful implementation 10+ years of professional security industry experience across a wide range of technologies including systems, network, server, and cloud offerings 5+ years in industry working as a subject matter expert in Microsoft 365 Technical strength and capability of implementing all Microsoft security components (MCAS, PIM, Defender for Identity, Defender for Endpoint, Defender for Office 365, Conditional Access, etc.). Experience in implementing Information Protection in large regulated enterprises Experience working in a hands-on capacity with clients in the delivery of solutions Broad knowledge of multiple hardware and software technologies and strong experience in working with complex solutions Ability to effectively communicate to different audiences including internal stakeholders and peers clearly and concisely in written, oral, and various presentation formats and situations Proficiency in workshop facilitation (envisioning workshops, art-of-the-possible sessions) Full-time availability for at least the first year Any one or more of the following Certifications: CEH: Certified Ethical Hacker CISM: Certified Information Security Manager CompTIA Security+ CISSP: Certified Information Systems Security Professional CISSP-ISSAP: Information Systems Security Architecture Professional GSEC: SANS GIAC Security Essentials Great people and culture Interesting work – Be part of exciting projects while accessing all the latest technologies Flexible environment – A workplace that values the importance of flexibility for personal/professional growth, happiness, and wellness 
ScrapedJobID366:
Serve as a core member of the cyber security research group, with particular emphasis on instrumentation and control (I&C) systems. Propose, develop, and evaluate cyber security solutions for I&C systems using a combination of electrical, I&C, and computer engineering. Support product development of cyber security products and services for critical infrastructure. Conduct security assessments of I&C equipment using recognized standards and guidelines Develop methodologies to mitigate vulnerabilities in I&C equipment and applications (e.g., penetration testing, change management, vendor management); Responsible for software development and systems engineering in support of basic and applied cyber security research in the real-time I&C system domain. Responsible for guiding the work of junior scientists/engineers or technicians assigned to a common project. Supervision of other scientists/engineers is not usually a continuing responsibility. Provide presentations to stakeholders and contribute to internal reports, presentations, and technical refereed journal publications. Other duties as required. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics from a university of recognized standing, or membership in an engineering or scientific professional organization authorized by statute to establish qualification for membership in that organization.Higher education (MSc, and/or PhD) is an asset. Have 5+ years of experience in process instrumentation: industrial process control systems including DCS, PLC and SCADA-based systems. Strong technical problem solving skills, ability to make recommendations on technical issues, and prepare work plans with minimal supervision. Extensive practical knowledge and hands-on experience with many of: I&C domain protocols and standards such as MODBUS and OPC Design and implementation of control system network architectures Programming PLCs, HMI SCADA systems such as Siemens, Allen Bradley and Triconex Specifying field instrumentation, PLC and SCADA hardware, and wiring design Recognized industry standards and guidelines Knowledge and/or experience with cyber security technologies an asset (e.g., intrusion detection systems, forensic analysis tools, next generation firewalls, application control, whitelisting, AV, encryption, automated auditing, analytics), and advanced persistence threats, zero day exploits, malware attack vectors and threat intelligence.Since it is recognized that applying cyber security solutions to I&C systems is experience that candidates may lack,a demonstrated interest in the area combined with an ability to learn quickly, have strong self-motivation and enthusiasm for the work, and an ability to pay attention to detail and have good organization skills, will be considered. Ability to think abstractly and deal well with ambiguous/undefined problems and various types of clients and customers. Ability to handle software and hardware problems; devise new approaches, apply existing criteria in new manners, and draw complex conclusions. Can effectively articulate novel ideas, concepts, and proposals for new projects and ongoing work. 
ScrapedJobID367:
Lead and mentor the security operations team Oversee monitoring, identification, investigation, reporting, and mitigating of security threats and risks Provide second- and third-level support and analysis during and after a security incident Lead or assist internal client teams and service providers to identify and remediate security vulnerabilities Perform incident analysis by correlating data from various sources and determines if a critical system or data set has been impacted Lead or participate in security investigations and compliance reviews Act as a liaison between incident response leads and subject matter experts Participate in the design and execution of vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and information security audits Participate with investigations into problematic activity Respond to security incidents and analyze alerts, logs, and threat cases Threat Hunting in dark web environments Tune security controls to improve detection Effectively manage any security-related incidents by remediation or escalation Investigate, document, and report on information security issues and emerging trends Analyze and respond to previously undisclosed software and hardware vulnerabilities Identity and Access Management responsibilities Keep abreast of security technology and developments within the cybersecurity field and their impacts on and potential benefits to Compugen and customers Operation of the Compugen security awareness platform including training and phishing tests Attend appropriate training opportunities to keep up with industry trends and career development On call duty for responding to security incidents Minimum 3 years in a senior Security Analyst role, leadership preferred Minimum 5 years of experience on Systems Administration in: Microsoft OS, MacOS, Linux, Cisco, HP, Aruba etc. Previous experience with EDR, SIEM, Vulnerability Management, IDS/IPS: Trend Micro, Microsoft Defender and Azure Sentinel an asset Expert in threat mitigation and remediation Strong skills on common operating systems such as Windows, Windows Server, Linux and MacOS Strong skills with network devices such as switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points Knowledge and experience in cloud platform security (Azure preferred) Recognized Security Industry certifications e.g. SANS, GIAC, CISSP, CISA, CISM or equivalent education Knowledge of technical security controls, their design, implementation, and operation Threat hunting experience Attack principles and the cyber kill chain Keen interest in security, investigating, concluding investigations based upon evidence CISSP or CISM Incident handling certification, GCIH or equivalent Scripting and programming skills System infrastructure administration skills Prior senior SOC experience highly desirable Automation of daily security operations Creation of security playbooks, runbooks and other operational guides Experience with threat hunting and forensics Ability to clearly articulate security issues, risks, and best practice to all levels of Compugen and customer staff Excellent at cross-team working 
ScrapedJobID368:

ScrapedJobID369:
Participer et collaborer à la mise en application de la directive sur le cadre de gestion de la sécurité de l’information des actifs informationnels du MSSS découlant de la directive sur la sécurité de l’information gouvernemental du secrétariat du conseil du trésor; Contribue à la mise en place des activités opérationnelles de sécurité de l’information, plus précisément, la planification, le déploiement, l’exécution, la surveillance, les enquêtes et l’amélioration des processus de sécurité nécessaires à la gestion opérationnelle de la sécurité dans son organisme, la gestion des risques et la gestion des incidents en respectant les exigences de sécurité définies dans les règles particulières et conformément aux pratiques recommandées de l’industrie; Participe au réseau d’alerte du Réseau pour la gestion des incidents de sécurité de l’information; Procéder à des analyses et à des audits de sécurité; Contribue aux analyses de risques de sécurité de l’information, identifie les menaces et les situations de vulnérabilité et met en œuvre les solutions appropriées; Supporte le RSI et les officiers de sécurité dans les activités de développement et d’acquisition, pour le volet technologique de la sécurité dans le respect des exigences de sécurité définies dans les règles particulières et conformément aux pratiques recommandées; Participe aux comités de gestion des risques et toutes autres activités en lien avec son domaine; S’assure de la production des rapports des processus de sécurité de l’information (incidents, vulnérabilités, etc.) et les transmet à son RSI, avec son appréciation et des justifications, au besoin. Accompagne le RSI dans la définition des orientations stratégiques, des directives et des plans d’action en matière de sécurité de l’information; Participe à la rédaction des documents d’encadrement de la sécurité de l’information de son organisme, notamment la politique et le cadre de gestion de sécurité de l’information; Accompagne le RSI dans la mise en œuvre des orientations internes découlant des directives ministérielles et celles du DRI, des politiques internes et des pratiques généralement admises à cet égard; Participe à la définition et accompagne le RSI dans la mise en œuvre de processus formels de gestion de la sécurité de l’information; Accompagne les directions partenaires en matière de sécurité de l’information et participe à l’intégration de dispositions garantissant le respect des exigences de sécurité de l’information dans les ententes de service et les contrats; Assiste les détenteurs de l’information dans la catégorisation de l’information relevant de leur responsabilité, dans l’identification et l’évaluation des situations de risques ainsi que dans la définition de plans d’action visant à réduire les risques de sécurité de l’information à un niveau acceptable pour l’organisme et pour le MSSS; Identifie et prend en charge les exigences de sécurité de l’information lors de la réalisation de projets de développement ou de l’acquisition de systèmes d’information; Élabore et met en œuvre le programme de formation et de sensibilisation reliées à la sécurité des actifs informationnels; Tient à jour le registre d’autorité de la sécurité de l’information ainsi que le registre des télé-accès et tous autres registres de sécurité. Assure la réalisation de projets de sécurité de l’information; Produit les bilans et les plans d’action de sécurité de l’information Programme d'Aide aux Employés Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Oui 
ScrapedJobID370:
Flexible vacation days Health and wellness spending accounts Flexibility to work from anywhere (we’re currently remote-first, but this applies beyond COVID-19) Oversee Thrive’s compliance management activities including authoring, revising and approving controls Managing and oversee operational activities within Thrive’s information security management system Serve as reviewer and approver for various security processes within the organization Retain overall accountability for compliance with legislative and contractual security and privacy requirements Manage Thrive’s certifications, seeking out industry standards and ensuring we remain compliant with existing certifications. This includes SOC2, ISO, GDPR and HIPPA. Work with customers on privacy and security vendor assessments and overall contracting process Develop and administer internal training programs and champion security by design principles within Thrive’s software development organization Experience building and leading a privacy / security compliance organization 7+ years of relevant experience Ability to obtain enhanced security clearance in Canada Knowledge of privacy & security legislation and industry standard certifications Experience working in the healthcare industry and HealthTech sector Experience working in a SaaS (software as a service) environment Experience negotiating large B2B enterprise contracts 
ScrapedJobID371:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID372:
Minimum of 3 years of experience with network scurity or related field Knowledge of TCP/IP, OSI layer, and common protocols, and how applications work at the network level (DNS, SMTP, HTTP, FTP etc.) Experience of network investigation, event analysis, escalation and reporting procedures Knowledge of Windows based Server operating system including file system, registry function, permission and privileges settings. Knowledge of network monitoring, analysis, troubleshooting, and configuration control technologies Ability take traing or learn and operate in a dynamic fast paced environment Experience with various Anti Virus, Firewall or protection system. BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Security, or Information Systems Security related certification such as Security+, CISSP, CEH, CISM or GCIH Experience with working in a 24/7 SOC environment Experience with managing enterprise SIEM products (ArcSight, McAfee, Splunk) or other logging systems Experience with Incident response, forensic analysis and log file analysis Knowledge of Windows Server OS, Linux/UNIX operating systems and command line tools Excellent oral and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID373:
Role focus is adapting HG’s library of use-cases to core SIEMs such as Splunk, Sentinel, Qradar, etc.; tuning, front-end parsing, and whitelisting within the SIEM environment; custom use case development; and creation/modification of reports and dashboards Understand and identify indicators of attack and compromise in log events, by reviewing post-attack simulation data Implement HGs core library of alerts to new and existing customers Create Use Case pipeline per client environment, business needs and based on the industry-leading standards, best practices, and frameworks (such as MITRE) Collaborate with our Threat Intel team to identify new and emerging attack vectors and security alerting gaps that can be filled with our detection services Have a good understanding of the MITRE ATT&CK framework. Mapping clients new and existing use cases to their tactics and techniques Maintain current knowledge and understanding of threat landscape Minimum three 3 years directly related practical experience as a SIEM and threat specialist within the last 6 years and demonstrated ability to carry out the functions of the job. Strong understanding of the threats reported by various event sources like IDS/IPS, AV, HIDS/HIPS, WAFs, firewalls, and web proxies’ Strong OS knowledge (Windows, Unix/Linux, Mac) Advanced knowledge of at least one leading SIEM platform (Azure Sentinel, Splunk, LogRhythm, IBM QRadar, ESM, R7 InsightIDR, etc.) Possess SIEM related certification such as Splunk Power User, Microsoft SC-200 is an asset Possess at least one industry certification in CEH, Penetration testing, SANS Certification (e.g., GCIH, GCIA, GSEC, GMON), OSCP, etc. Some knowledge of integrating with SOAR platforms such as Simplify, Demisto, Phantom, etc. UNIX, AIX & Solaris, Linux, Windows Server Operating Systems Network/System Intrusion Detection or Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS) Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) Tools like Crowdstrike, Sentinel One, and Carbon Black Breach Attack Simulation Vulnerability scanning Penetration testing solutions Security Operations Centre/Information Protection Centre/Computer Incident Response Centre Wireless Networking Switches/Routers, Firewalls (basic configuration) TCP/IP networking, VPN, VLAN, NAT, and security concepts Asset Management Security threat and attack countermeasures Analytical Problem-Solving skills Efficient communication skills (listening, written, and oral) Team player with the ability to work autonomously 
ScrapedJobID374:
Contribuer à la mise en place d'un nouveau service MDR (Managed Detection and Response) en travaillant activement avec les premiers clients ; Analyser les cas provenant de clients et orienter la résolution. Vous aurez l’ultime pouvoir de décision ; Enquêter sur les cas nouveaux ou étranges et ensuite établir les précédents et la documentation ; Alimenter le système de sécurité avec des décisions pour permettre l'automatisation et l'évolutivité ; Évaluer les nouveaux logiciels de sécurité et participer à leur implantation à l'équipe de gestion de la sécurité ; Être responsable de la veille en matière de cybersécurité en se tenant informé des nouvelles menaces affectant le marché ; Être un leader en cybersécurité en écrivant ou en collaborant à des articles de blog, en intervenant lors de conférences, etc. Réelle passion pour la cybersécurité et les nouvelles technologies associées Diplôme d'études collégial et/ou universitaire en technologie ; Travail dans le domaine des technologies de l'information qui inclut des responsabilités en cybersécurité ; Expérience dans l'analyse des incidents et des problèmes de sécurité dans tous types d'entreprise ; Certifications en sécurité (CISSP, CEH, CISM, Security+, Microsoft MVP dans un domaine pertinent) ou travail personnel en matière de sécurité (hack-a-tons, blogs, etc.) sont considérés comme des atouts ; Familiarité avec l’une ou plusieurs des technologies et systèmes suivants:
Office365
EPP/AV
Email Security
IaaS (Azure, AWS, GCE)
SaaS Office365 EPP/AV Email Security IaaS (Azure, AWS, GCE) SaaS Communication – Pourquoi? Parce que vous devrez expliquer et vulgariser des concepts en adaptant le style et le contenu de vos messages à votre public (qu’il s’agisse de clients internes, externes ou de vos coéquipiers). Organisation et débrouillardise – Pourquoi? Parce que nous ne croyons pas au micro-management. Vous aurez besoin de trouver des solutions par vous-même en utilisant vos compétences, vos connaissances et toute information pertinente que vous pourrez obtenir. Résolution de problèmes – Pourquoi? Parce que lorsque vous rencontrerez un problème, vous analyserez d'abord les informations avant d'identifier les causes possibles. Vous explorerez ensuite et implémenterez les solutions les plus efficaces et logiques. Adaptabilité – Pourquoi? Parce que notre industrie évolue constamment. Vous devrez adapter votre façon de penser et vos méthodes à des situations nouvelles ou imprévues (que ce soit pour vos tâches quotidiennes ou votre environnement de travail). 
ScrapedJobID375:
Perform deep investigation on security incidents and work with the various teams and technology owners on security investigations and conclude on whether an incident has occurred. Identify and assign appropriate resources to the project. Recommend actions, assess operational risk and approve or escalate to leadership based on level of risk. Provide on-call 24x7 support for high severity incidents once every month or two Contribute to high performing teams, throught the automation of tasks and innovation EDR events investigation, tuning, .. A Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering. 3+ years of work experience with in SOC Technical experience with Demisto, MDR, EDR, NAC solutions Direct prior experience with core security technologies such as security information and event monitoring systems (SIEM), network and host intrusion prevention and detection systems, proxies, vulnerability scanners, and anti-virus solutions Good working knowledge of MITRE attack framework Strong analytical and investigative skills Industry certifications (CompTIA Security+, GSEC, GISF, CEH) Has previously had or is willing and able to obtain government Secret security clearance (requires that candidates have lived in Canada for the past 10 years consecutively) You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID376:
Assist in the implementation and configuration of new IT systems and infrastructure. Assist in the improvement and maintenance of existing IT systems and infrastructure Participate in change management as required. Monitor information security processes and ensure compliance with related policies and procedures. Support Mobile device management. Support in patch management of Servers, Laptops and Desktops Assist in the maintenance, active monitoring, and triple redundant backup of 60 plus virtualized servers. Assist in the continuous data and voice network maintenance across all sites Assist in the continuous monitoring of IT systems across all sites Updates to IT related knowledge base articles, as required. Assist in the inventory management of all IT equipment Assist in ensuring disaster recovery processes are in place to address infrastructure disturbances. Assist in proactive cyber security and response Assist in coordinating IT vendors as required Create and maintain documentation for use by the IT operations teams Support Tickets management (Escalations and closures) Participate in on call rotation as scheduled College degree in the field of computer science or information systems Minimum 3 years’ as a Systems Administration Minimum 5 years’ as a Systems Administration 
ScrapedJobID377:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Be an active member of an international team of Cybersecurity Professionals supporting Siemens’ Service and Governance Units regarding Cybersecurity. Help to manage Cybersecurity risks including protection of critical business information, assets, and IT Systems. Perform regular assessments as part of audits, risk management or as stand-alone activities. Protect data assets by identifying and prioritizing information security risks in the organization and providing the appropriate security requirements to mitigate the risks. Report on the Cybersecurity status and current threat landscape towards Senior Management and organize relevant awareness measures. Consult concerning Cybersecurity in projects and day-to-day activities. Make sure that corporate Cybersecurity regulations, tools and processes are timely and properly implemented and followed (such as Vulnerability Management, Incident Handling and Exception Handling). Provide tactical and strategic direction and guidance to achieve acceptable security postures. Ensure compliance with all regulations, policies, procedures and stipulations regarding IT/OT security (internal/external/legal). Ensure adequate Cybersecurity education and awareness of users of respective IT applications, solutions, and infrastructure. Drive continuous improvement of IT/OT security. Serve as a liaison between corporate Cybersecurity and the business entities. Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cybersecurity or similar. More than 5 years of practical experience in the field of Cybersecurity. Preferably as Information Security Officer or similar. Certifications CISSP, CISM, GSEC, GSNA, CISA or profound knowledge on common Cybersecurity standards such as ISO 27001 or NIST. Expert knowledge in most of the following domains: Supplier/ IT provider, contract management, Security Architecture, Cloud Security, Zero Trust, Risk Management, Vulnerability Management, Product and Solution Security or similar as well as Data Privacy. Solid technical and hands-on knowledge, experience in current attack methods, detection strategies, vulnerability management, and risk management. Solid understanding of secure networking technologies and design principles. (Network segmentation, Firewall management, NAC, IDS/IPS, SIEM) Excellent communication skills and especially competence in translating security topics into business language. Ability to build networks and communication channels across all levels of the organization. Service-orientated mindset (ITIL). A professional level of English is required. French is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID378:

ScrapedJobID379:
Develop, manage and deliver the Cyber and IT Risk identification, profiling and assessment programs Bank wide and actively participate in Cyber and IT Risk committees. Manage Cyber and IT Risk reporting and measurement. Monitor the Cyber and IT Risk profile for all Bank to proactively identify changes in the profile and emerging risks. Support the Bank's Cyber and IT Risk Management programs, as well as regulatory requests for Cyber and IT related information. Maintain relationships with stakeholders in the Bank to remain current on developments and emerging Cyber and IT Risks. Enhance the Bank's Cyber and IT Risk Program to address gaps in existing current processes, standards and systems. Review, assess and enhance the Bank's Cyber and IT Risk management tools and methodologies. Manage the program to build and evolve a Cyber and IT Risk metrics and reporting program that is business relevant, tied to operational activities. Quantify Cyber and IT Risk in dollar terms. Analyze issues raised through self-assessments and other reviews including those performed by Audit, Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) and other Regulators. Work with business and Cyber and IT Risk managers and key stakeholders and support areas, to ensure they have appropriate and compliant risk identification and assessment processes. Support the Bank's interaction with regulators including OSFI, Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) and others. Maintain ongoing awareness of new and emerging regulatory guidelines, publications, and requirements relating to all aspects of Cyber and IT Risk. Completion of a University Degree in Computer Science or related technical stream Must have a breadth of experience in IT, Cyber Security or related areas Must have experience in consulting and advisory roles Must have strong strategic and critical thinking Must possess ability to analyze complex data in order to arrive at succinct messages and conclusions Must have a proven success at managing a team, leading and executing change initiatives Must possess excellent interpersonal and relationship-building skills to deal with senior levels of management Must possess strong communication (oral and written), listening, presentation and facilitation skills. Military experience is an asset. Continuing education courses or certifications relating to Cyber Security and Risk Governance is an asset. Spanish proficiency is a strong asset, not required With a global mandate, the team manages Cyber and IT risk across a multitude of systems and applications that directly support all of the Bank's businesses. Over 1,500 applications globally. Over 250,000 technology devices supported. Channels supported include; Branches, Automated Banking Machines (ABM), Point Of Sale (POS), Call Centres, Online Banking, Mobile Banking, Interactive Voice Recognition (IVR). All businesses Retail Banking, Global Banking & Markets, Global Wealth Management and International Banking. Multiple regulators across 50 + countries globally. Operates in a planning horizon of 3-5 years. Complexity, both in technology and related risks is extreme. This is a high profile position requiring a strong commitment, ability to meet tight deadlines, competing demands and priorities, and heavy workload at peak times. 
ScrapedJobID380:
Deliver infrastructure solution & architecture projects for various internal IT, SE and Business teams Develop & Deliver high-level architecture design requirements & documentation Develop detailed-level design requirements for architecture implementations operationalization Work with various internal IT, SE teams to understand and develop their target Infrastructure architecture needs Collaborate with various internal IT, SE teams to conduct intense pre-project assessments - define project; validate requirements; contribute to budget estimates; examine feasibility; recommend next steps etc. Responsible for preparing all required technical architecture documentation, network diagrams, information flow diagrams, security sheets, change controls, DRP Documents, trainings or hand-over documentation to support the project transition into production Advise in assessing a solution’s current architecture and readiness for migration to new technologies Oversee, define, or perform proofs of concept Interact with hardware and software manufacturers or distributors to obtain information on products under consideration and support during the conduct of proofs of concept Responsible for preparing all required technical architecture documentation, network diagrams, information flow diagrams, security sheets, change controls, DRP Documents, trainings or hand-over documentation to support the project transition into production Work internally to develop delivery guides, assessments, and common architecture patterns for infrastructure architecture projects Work with Security Architects, IS Integrators, SE & DevOps teams on engagements to deliver end-to-end solutions Deliver projects around infrastructure security, governance, and other foundational aspects of infrastructure architecture solutions Engage with technical stakeholders, such as Product Managers, Product Owners, Scrum Masters, IT Security & ISM Provide technical guidance for Developers, Data Engineers, Data Scientists and DevOps Engineers on various infrastructure services ( backups, security, monitoring etc.) according to best practices Present to senior management and the architecture peer review board to gain buy-in and acceptance of solution approaches, and to ensure that decisions are made with the interest of the enterprise vision in mind Minimum 5 years Cloud, Minimum 10 years IT and or IS Very strong proficiency and knowledge in designing infrastructure capabilities to support highly-available, secure and scalable systems in both traditional (three-tier) and contemporary (serverless, containers, PaaS/SaaS) application architectures 5+ years' experience designing, executing and supporting IT infrastructure solutions. 5+ years' experience implementing foundational infrastructure services - networking, security, account/organizations, logging & monitoring, identity access management, etc Experience in various IT/IS disciplines, technologies, and platforms (Infrastructure, Networking,firewalls, communication protocols, databases and mobility) Experience implementing infrastructure security controls, and audit services Experience in large-scale migration of application workloads from on-prem or collocated data centers to a cloud platform Ability to create and deliver effective presentations and briefings to key stakeholders – IS Team, SE & DevOps Teams, IT senior management & executives Literacy with Agile practices and tools such as Jira, Kanban, etc. Highly effective communication skills - written & verbal Innovative mindset and persistence. Decision making skills. Planning and organization Analytical Skill Technical Writing Skills. (Specifically related to IS projects) Teamwork Ability to concurrently project manage a diverse list of items Able to collect and translate business requirements. Flexibility, ability to change focus and adopt to changing corporate priorities. Time Management skills Bilingual is an asset An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID381:
Direct the day-to-day activities of the Technical Support Analysts to provide timely end-user computing software and hardware support for all client locations and mobile users. Provide Technical recommendations and solutions for various IT requirements Co-ordinate the efforts of Senior Technical Support analysts on delivery of project objectives Project planning & execution of IT infrastructure projects Provide Tier 3 technical support to IT Infrastructure team Development and maintenance of system architecture for cloud and on premises infrastructure solutions Development and maintenance of IT Infrastructure group tools Development and maintenance of security controls and systems Direct and coordinate activities of the Technical Support Analysts Assist Manager in various IT Infrastructure initiatives by providing Technical recommendations and solutions Work with senior management on development of annual Infrastructure budget Co-ordinate efforts of Senior Technical Support analysts on delivery of project objectives Project planning & execution of IT infrastructure projects Provide Tier 3 technical support to IT Infrastructure team Development and maintenance of system architecture for cloud and on premises infrastructure solutions Development and maintenance of IT Infrastructure tools Work with security systems/controls, advise on threats, and investigate potential issues Development of internal infrastructure team knowledge and skills Participate in and administer the selection and acquisition of software, hardware, and related technology Formulate and update hardware and software standards and policies Research, recommend, and evaluate new software tools Support and work with vendors, service software/hardware providers, and the external help desk to ensure the timely recording and resolution of PC hardware and software problems as per service contracts and agreements Assist with IT network, hardware, and software strategies Ensure that adequate network and hardware security, backup, and disaster recovery processes are implemented and maintained Assist and take on special projects as required Support ES&H policies and initiatives Perform other duties as may be assigned Diploma in Information Technology field or an equivalent combination of education and experience and/or relevant designation 10 years of relevant technical experience working in medium or larger IT environment Robust knowledge and experience maintaining, administering, and supporting Active Directory, DNS, Servers, DFS, MS Exchange, Mail flow, Virtualization, computers, backups, and client applications (i.e. MS office suite) Experience planning, monitoring, and executing IT Infrastructure projects via project management methodology A good understanding of security controls and systems (i.e. Firewall, Anti-virus, vulnerability management, multi-factor authentication, VPN) A good understanding of software license management (i.e Microsoft licensing terms, agreements, and EULA) Experience configuring and deploying Windows workstation and servers Experience managing and leading a team Networking fundamentals including Routing, DHCP, Subnets, Gateways, VLAN’s Strong organizational skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong customer service and interpersonal skills Self–starter with ability to work as part of a team Excellent time management and analytical skills Proven troubleshooting and problem solving skills Ability to remain calm in stressful situations Bonus pay Overtime pay Dental care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Network infrastructure: 10 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID382:
Create detailed project work plans in coordination with appropriate stakeholders to establish project scope, deliverables, budgets, accountabilities, schedules, timelines, resources, monitoring, and post project audit/evaluation; Apply rigorous project management and effective communication across the project lifecycle to manage timelines and milestones using appropriate tools, anticipating and troubleshooting issues to minimize the hospital’s exposure to risk; Develop, manage and deliver progress reports, requirements documentation, and presentations; Apply breakthrough design ideation, integrating emerging technologies, and incorporating subject matter expertise and data-driven evidence to create holistic solutions that meet business requirements and establish best practices and standards; Collaborate and facilitate requirements gathering within a multi-disciplinary team environment, including executives, managers, clinicians, business teams, technical stakeholders, and vendors; Drive business insight and demonstrate benefits of implemented initiatives to the organization by applying sound data analysis, data quality, data reporting & visualization; Effectively implement and sustain organizational change by applying rigorous change management and communication practices; Coach and manage project teams Minimum 5 years project management experience or equivalent University Degree required in Health Informatics, Computer Science, Technology, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Epidemiology, Education, Business, or related field. Master’s degree an asset. Experience with cyber security enterprise projects and operations is preferred Experience in formal procurement processes, contract negotiations, and vendor management Familiarity with healthcare information systems, interfaces, HL7, ITIL, and/or enterprise architecture an asset Project Management Professional (PMP) designation preferred Other certification (Lean/Six-Sigma Black Belt, ITIL, IIBA, Change Management) is an asset. Supervisory or managerial experience required Comprehensive knowledge of full-cycle project management (project planning, implementation, evaluation, risk assessment, and benefits realization) Proven stakeholder management experience including negotiating, influencing, and consensus building Excellent communication and customer service skills with the ability to communicate clearly and effectively with both technical and non-technical teams Knowledge and experience applying change management principles and methodologies Strong analytical, prioritization and organization skills, with attention to detail Strong budget management and risk management skills Flexibility to work effectively in a time-compressed, highly dynamic, and fast-paced environment Demonstrated proficiency in qualitative and quantitative data analytics to support IT investment benefits and Return on Investment analyses Entrepreneurial mindset and proactive approach Extensive knowledge in business systems analysis and problem resolution Excellent team-building, listening, coaching and mentorship skills Strong facilitation, interviewing, and conflict-resolution skills Strong presentation, writing, and training skills Proficient use of relevant software (e.g. MS Office suite, MS Project, MS Visio, and scrum or enterprise work management tools such as Kanban, Atlassian Jira, ServiceNow) 
ScrapedJobID383:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Serve as the focal point for larger information security incidents including providing awareness and debriefing to senior management Manage time-sensitive incidents and investigations requiring follow-the-sun coordination. Work closely with other team members to test and document new monitoring tools and/or enhance the existing incident handling procedures Work with relevant stakeholders to tune monitoring platforms and data sources to high fidelity alert signals and risk scores Participate in cross-departmental tabletop exercises as well as conduct intra-team simulations Participate in various projects related to operational improvements and tooling Coach other team members on tools, techniques, and risk analysis of insider threat issues Provide on call and out of hours support Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in a related field Minimum 7 years of experience in a similar role Experience in a similar role or working knowledge of Incident Management, Information Security, or Data Privacy Analytics or SIEM correlation experience, skillset, or background Ability to handle sensitive situations with discretion and maintain confidentiality Very strong verbal and written English communications skills Organized, attentive to detail, with planning and deductive reasoning skillset Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio) Excellent interpersonal skills Flexible and self-motivator Working knowledge of incident tracking or case management solutions, and DLP detection products Knowledge of internal threat scenarios, exploits and vulnerabilities, and mitigation strategies would be a distinct advantage Technical or Information Security Certifications (e.g. CISM, CRISC, CISSP) Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID384:
Identify technology needs and create a strategy for technology Integration, adoption, and support successful implementation and training Research, procure and install all hardware devices such as servers, computers , laptop and network devices Research, procure and install all software programs and cloud base solutions Installing, configuring, and monitor endpoint security systems Identifying and solving any problems that arise with computer networks and systems Budgeting for equipment and assembly costs Maintaining existing software and hardware and upgrading any that have become obsolete Monitoring computer networks and systems to identify how performance can be improved Acts as the 24/7 x 365 escalation point for complex enterprise wide issues Assumes the Incident Management System Role of Incident lead in the event of an IT failure. Leads process to identify, track and monitor enterprise risks collected through regular Strength, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats (SWOT) assessments Manage, mitigate and minimize IT and network risk by creating IT Business Continuity Plan, Disaster Recovery Plan and Incident Response Plan Establish KPI’s and respective dashboards to demonstrate controls in real time Audit and improve organization wide IT infrastructure and security Lead by developing, establishing, and administering on the IT project plans and management Identifying and acting on annual and long-range opportunities to improve and update software and systems Lead specific change management activities (i.e. frequent communication to staff about change and the impact of the change, advocacy, and coaching) Conducting regular system audits Accountable to establish strong collaborative relationships with various leaders and function teams across the organization Liaise with vendors and service providers to ensure efficient and cost-effective acquisition of technology. Conduct capacity planning for network bandwidth, storage requirements, messaging and other applications Anticipate future network needs and identify proactive solutions to satisfy these needs. Evaluate current systems technology architecture and conduct feasibility studies for systems technology change. Conducting regular checks on network and data security Overseeing and determining timeframes for major IT projects including system updates, upgrades, migrations and outages Ensure systems and processes are compliant with data privacy and other regulatory requirements. Define, develop, implement and manage policies, standards, and procedures that mitigate risk and maximize security, service availability, efficiency and effectiveness Provide expert level advice and direction on security related matters to the senior management team. Oversee the strategic and tactical planning and provision of systems security, confidentiality, privacy and risk management in the areas of systems administration, server and service design, implementation, operation and support. Direct and plan security related governance, architecture, and audit activities for IT service initiatives. Developing and implementing IT policy and best practice guides for Design and implement security training programs for staff Complete other duties as assigned Bachelor’s degree in information technology, system administration, information systems management or similar disciplines required At least 5 years of progressive supervisory/management experience with Information Technology/Systems AWS infrastructure hands-on knowledge Experience planning and designing strategic technical solutions for organizations Experience working with Google Suite, databases and other applications (Box, Dropbox, Google Apps, MS Office, Confluence, Jira, Slack) including data migrations, data cleansing, integrations, and report customization. Experience managing multiple projects across multiple stakeholders with demonstrated ability to translate technical concepts into plain language. Advanced knowledge of LAN’s, WAN’s, VOIP, Wi-Fi, and telecommunications Functional knowledge and experience with Servers, Mac, PC’s, Laptops, Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Storage Area Networks/ Network Attached Storage devices Proven track record supporting staff to successfully adopt and use new technologies 
ScrapedJobID385:
Tu as envie de participer à la surveillance des infrastructures, des systèmes et des applications informatiques dans une entreprise œuvrant dans un domaine hautement technologique? Tu veux mettre à profit tes connaissances et tes expériences dans le domaine IT avec le cloud et les systèmes Windows avec VMWare ? Tu souhaites participer à la prise en charge des services informatiques dans tous les bureaux d’affaires d’Eddyfi NDT à travers le monde et mettre en place, maintenir et assurer l’évolution des services de sécurité ? Surveiller, détecter, enquêter, analyser et répondre aux événements de sécurité dans l'entreprise; Concevoir diverses stratégies et systèmes de défense contre les intrus; Développer de nouvelles assises de protection et mettre à jour les systèmes de sécurité; Maintenir les opérations quotidiennes et les structures de données en supervisant les performances opérationnelles; Gestion des pares-feux et de tous les systèmes de sécurité. Définir, documenter et diffuser les politiques de sécurité; Chasser et détecter des menaces afin de les contrôler; Assister/procéder aux tests de pénétration, aux analyses de vulnérabilité et effectuer des recherches et analyses spécifiques; Effectuer des campagnes de sensibilisation aux utilisateurs et établir des stratégies de contrôle d’accès; Être disponible les jours fériés et les fins de semaines occasionnellement pour assurer une couverture en situation d’urgence. Tu as un diplôme ou une certification en cybersécurité ou autres disciplines pertinentes, ou combinaison de formations et d’expériences pertinentes ; Tu détiens une grande connaissance des pratiques de sécurité de l'industrie et en analyse du comportement des utilisateurs; Tu possèdes de l’expérience dans la définition et l’application de politiques de sécurité informatique. Tu as d’excellentes habiletés dans l'implantation, l'administration et le dépannage d'outils de sécurité tels que les contrôleurs d'accès et les pares-feux; Tu possèdes de bonnes capacités dans la conception, l'architecture et l’implantation de réseaux, VMS, bases de données, sécurité et Cloud; Tu as des connaissances de Microsoft 365 et des technologies connexes; Tu as des connaissances d'une ou de plusieurs technologies de script comme PowerShell; Tu détiens de l’expérience dans l’administration, le support des infrastructures et des installations sur les différents sites (équipement, matériel, alimentation, environnement); Tu es orienté vers le travail d’équipe et la collaboration; Tu es reconnu pour ton excellent sens de l’organisation, ta rigueur, ta capacité à gérer les priorités et travailler sous pression; Tu détiens une aisance à communiquer avec les autres et tu maîtrises assez bien la langue anglaise tant à l'oral et qu’à l'écrit; Des horaires de travail flexibles; Télétravail disponible; Des nouveaux espaces de travail dans un environnement de travail illuminé et moderne; Trois semaines de vacances minimums dès l’embauche; Cinq congés payés (en plus des fériés) lors de la fermeture des bureaux pour le temps des Fêtes; Cinq congés mobiles par année; Des assurances collectives et un programme de REER compétitif; Un gym sur place avec des « trainings » trippants, du yoga ou de la danse sur l’heure du midi; Service de traiteur à prix abordables avec contribution de l’employeur; Remboursement des cotisations à un ordre professionnel; Stationnement et bornes électriques; Café gratuit; Activités divertissantes organisées régulièrement par le Club Social. 
ScrapedJobID386:
Protects systems by monitoring networks and systems for security threats or unauthorized use. Recognizes problems by identifying abnormalities; reporting violations. Management of Firewalls and Intrusion Detection Systems. Management of Endpoint Security and Spam Gateways. Preparation of security status reports, educating users on information security, creating security documentation for technicians and end-users. Support the investigation of incidents, installation, modification or replacement of hardware or software components and any configuration change(s) that affects security, as necessary. Maintains technical knowledge by attending educational workshops and reviewing publications. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Contribute towards improvement of Information Security posture of the company by introducing new technologies and tools to deliver innovative Managed Security Services. Support Installation, Configuration and Management of LAN/WAN/WLAN devices. Experience working with vulnerability scans and network scanning tools on systems of varying complexity. Strong exposure to system administration or system engineering in the context of IT Security. Exposure to SIEM tools is an asset. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent qualification More than 5 years of industry experience and at least 2 years in IT Security. Must possess CEH or similar information security certifications. Must possess at least one of the following: CCNA, CCNP, CompTIA Network+ Industry certifications in Microsoft and Linux. 
ScrapedJobID387:
Monitor physical and digital assets and the internal network for cyber-threats, activities and respond to the events according to the incident response plan Report attempts of unauthorized access to or disclosure of the information and maintain records of such events Document and update as needed the operational support documentation for all security systems and tools Maintain current the response playbooks and documented procedures for handling security events and incidents Configure, integrate, maintain in good state and troubleshoot malfunctions of security systems and tools. Perform triage and in-depth investigations of security events raised by security platforms Optimize security monitoring tools by reducing false positive alerts and increasing threat detection rate Collaborate with other teams during investigations and incident response Contribute into improving the detection and response activities to increase process efficiency and maturity Participate in tabletop exercises and disaster recovery drills. Maintain awareness of emerging security trends and compliance issues by monitoring external threat intelligence and cyber security advisory sources Monitor ticketing system queue and Security Inbox and respond to inquiries Participate in on-call rotation to respond to security incidents after normal working hours Fluency in French and English required, both written and spoken is required 5 years experience in cyber security field including 3 or more years in SOC GCIH, CEH or other relevant security certificates are required Certifications for common security platforms and tools considered an asset Good knowledge and experience within cyber security and Information Technology domains Hands on experience with endpoint protection platforms, email security, automation and orchestration platforms, investigating the alerts and the steps to resolve incidents Familiarity with forensics and vulnerability assessment tools is an asset Demonstrate analytical and critical thinking in investigating security alerts and resolving incidents Understanding of IT operations in general and being able to speak to IT teams accordingly Keep abreast of the current and emerging cyber threats, commonly used tactics, technics and procedures by malicious actors 
ScrapedJobID388:
Une société prospère qui continue de solidifier son statut d’investisseur immobilier responsable, un chef de file de classe mondial? Des collègues qui vous mettront au défi et pousseront vos talents au maximum de leur potentiel? Une opportunité d’aider à imaginer les villes de demain? Produire les rapports mensuels de l’équipe; Suivre les indicateurs de sécurité; Animer les séances de formation et de sensibilisation; Tenir à jour le matériel de sensibilisation et de formation; Supporter l’équipe dans les opérations de sécurité. Connaissances dans le domaine de la sécurité de l’information, incluant la gestion des risques, les indicateurs de performances et la sensibilisation; Expérience dans une équipe de sécurité de l’information; Collaboration et travail d’équipe. Finissant(e) au baccalauréat en technologie de l’information, en marketing/communication ou toute autre champ d’étude pertinent; Connaissances de base en sécurité de l’information; Bonne capacité pour vulgariser des sujets techniques et complexes; Excellentes aptitudes en communication orale et écrite; Bilinguisme (anglais et français) oral et écrit. 
ScrapedJobID389:
Telecommunications industry Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID390:
or equivalent experience Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Word processing software MS Windows Internet Database software Networking security Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Communication software Programming software Software development MS Office Initiative Accurate Team player Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID391:
Provide primary leadership on maintaining, supporting, and operating the CN Information Security GRC framework, including IS classification, risk management processes, security related policies, as well as their dissemination, and constant evolution to adapt to the business realities. Communicate, oversee, and support security recommendations to meet business objectives in a proactive and pragmatic manner, ensuring an appropriate level of engagement with clients to ensure success. Provides risk evaluations and recommendations over control testing activities and ensures adherence to regulatory and Information Security requirements. Ensures adequate and effective security controls are documented and followed. Collaborates with compliance team to ensure proper integration of controls and compliance metrics. Assess and challenge the effectiveness design of security requirements and controls by working collaboratively with system owners and other stakeholders. Report on information security issues and risks and their relationship with business impacts. Track and follow up on remediation actions following risk assessment and/or security testing activities. Provide guidance during the assessment and/or review of new IT solution and/or new and existing technology to maintain compliance with regulatory (g., Sarbanes Oxley, PCI, SWIFT, etc.) and security requirements. Interact with other cybersecurity teams and various I&T entities as necessary to understand, apply, and enforce security requirements. 5+ years of experience in an information security / compliance / IT Audit role. Practical experience with KPIs/KRIs Previous experience in risk management is an asset. Experience with GRC tool is a plus Possess a Bachelor’s Degree in an IT discipline or a related field -or- equivalent work experience. Professional Designation in Information Security compliance or Security such as Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), and/or other related designations. Strong knowledge of Information Security risk practices, frameworks and how to report on them. Strong knowledge of Information Security Governance and Compliance frameworks. Strong knowledge of various industry standards and frameworks including ISO/IEC 27000 series, ISF, NIST Special Publications, Risk Management methodologies, and security evaluations methodologies. Understanding of security & privacy regulations and legislative compliance such as Sarbanes-Oxley Act, PCI-DSS standard. PIPEDA Integrity with a high ethical standards Effective communication and interaction with others Teamwork & collaboration in order to achieve common goal Flexible in order to effectively manages multiple assignments and adapts to changing priorities 
ScrapedJobID392:
Support penetration testing of products by setting up target systems, and answering questions from security testers Analyze identified security vulnerabilities and assess impact and recommend identification, workarounds, and remediation steps. Support and contribute to further security hardening of BlueCat products Respond to technical questions about BlueCat’s security for legal and sales teams At least 4 years of Unix/Linux experience Ability to write shell script and/or Python Moderate to deep understanding of various Internet protocols (e.g. IPv4/6, TCP/UDP, DNS, DHCP) and higher-layer security-specific protocols and architectures (TLS, SSH, etc.) IT systems administration experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID393:
Hunt for and identify threat actor groups based on their known techniques, tactics, procedures (TTPs), tools and infrastructure. Identify and track new tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) associated with known threat actors to enhance our cyber threat intelligence database. Capture intelligence on threat actor TTPs and develop countermeasures in response to threat actors. Conduct Open Source cyber threat intelligence research to identify threat actor motivations, capabilities, and intentions. Monitoring and analysis of network traffic and security alerts, responding to potential threats and vulnerabilities. Investigation of intrusion attempts and performing in-depth reverse engineering analysis of exploits. Provide network intrusion detection expertise to support timely and effective decision on when to declare an incident. Perform initial triage on security events that are populated in Hitachi’s Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system. Analyze a variety of network and endpoint-based security appliance logs (Firewalls, NIDS, HIDS, Sys Logs, etc.) to determine the correct remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident. Independently follow procedures to contain, analyze, and eradicate malicious activity. Document all activities during an incident and provide leadership with status updates during the life cycle of the incident. Develop advanced queries and alerts to detect adversary actions. Provide thoroughly vetted intelligence products on emerging cyber threats, indicators of compromise and trend analysis. Create a final incident report detailing the events of the incident. Provide information regarding intrusion events, security incidents, and other threat indications and warning information to US government agencies. Assist with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incidents, and overall SOC operations. Minimum of two (2) years of direct experience in an IT Security, Incident Response or Security Analyst role within the last 4 years. Industry recognized professional certification such as GCFA, GREM, GCIH, CISSP Experience with or current understanding of Cyber intelligence processes and systems. Direct experience with Malware and Fusion analysis techniques and methodologies. Scripting skills (e.g., PowerShell, Python, shell scripting) Experience with cyber advanced persistent threats, actors, infrastructure, and TTPs. Experience and extensive knowledge working with a SIEM and performing triage, information gathering and analysis. Experience in Security Incident Handling and Incident Management procedures. Experience with writing clear and concise technical documents specifically event analysis and incident handling documentation. Experience with Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems. Knowledge of computer networking, routing and switching with knowledge of the TCP/IP stack and other protocols. Experience with Linux/UNIX and Windows based devices at the System Administrator level. Working knowledge of security architectures and devices. In-depth knowledge of lateral movement methods, foothold tactics, and data exfiltration techniques. Experience with Account Management, Windows Events and Log Management. Organizational skills and the ability to work autonomously with attention to detail and processes. Excellent communication skills with experience providing incident briefings to peers, management and clients. Excellent written skills with experience creating formal incident reports. Suitable to obtain Canadian Federal Government SECRET clearance, or the ability to obtain a clearance. Professional environment in cutting-edge technology Dynamic work setting in new and modern office Employee Referral Bonus Group insurance plan Team spirit and dedication to service excellence Sense of belonging to a global, brand-name organization 
ScrapedJobID394:
Assist in the development and implementation of the cybersecurity risk management program based on the Firm’s acceptable risk tolerance levels Conduct business impact analysis and information security risk assessment on new projects, initiatives, mergers and acquisitions Advise and support the business on day to day activities and provide guidance on the remediation plans to mitigate risk Document and track all activities in the risk assessment report review and approval processes Develop dashboards and reporting on Firm risk and compliance activities Track, monitor and follow up on all risk findings in the risk register Help evaluate and improve Cyber Security policies and ensure compliance by all stakeholders Work with Cyber Security team members in evaluating the efficacy of each control and provide recommendations to increase security posture Define, capture, and report Key Performance Indicators for security dashboards in the areas of risk and compliance management, Cyber Security training and awareness Participate in tabletop exercises and disaster recovery drills, and provide recommendations as part of lessons learned At least 3 years of progressive experience in Cyber Security risk management, with at least 1 to 2 years of experience in Security GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance) Completion of CISM, CISSP or other relevant security certificates Knowledge and experience with Cyber Security and Information Technology domains Knowledge of cloud security (AWS & Azure) Demonstrated analytical and critical thinking skills when developing remediation recommendations and findings prioritization Demonstrated analytical and critical thinking in investigating security alerts and resolving incidents Understanding of IT operations in general and being able to speak to IT teams accordingly Continuous research on current and emerging cyber threats, commonly used tactics, techniques and procedures by malicious actors 
ScrapedJobID395:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Communication des rapports de contrôle quotidiens du matin Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous travaillerez dans un environnement Agile (Scrum). Au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux; Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes; Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée; Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique; Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents; Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes; Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista 
ScrapedJobID396:

ScrapedJobID397:
Conseiller en sécurité de l'information Conseiller principal en réponse aux incidents de cybersécurité Conseiller en cryptographie Conseiller en sécurité offensive Conseiller en sensibilisation à la cybersécurité Responsable de produit en sécurité Conseiller en gouvernance de la sécurité Conseiller – Expert technique en sécurité Analyste fonctionnel en sécurité de l’information Conseiller en gestion des accès et des identités Conseiller principal - Sécurité informatique Et encore plus ! 4 550 employés Plus de 1 000 projets par année 1 300 applications De multiples possibilités de développement et d’avancement de carrière au Québec Des défis à la hauteur de votre expertise et de vos ambitions De la formation continue auprès d'institutions reconnues Des avantages sociaux complets Parmi les 100 meilleurs employeurs au Canada Des projets stimulants intégrant les approches de pointe, telles « Agile (Scrum/Kanban/SAFe) et DevOps » 
ScrapedJobID398:
Cyber Assessments and road-mapping, network & infrastructure security, cyber transformation, threat detection, incident response, vulnerability management, security governance, risk and compliance, security architecture, data protection, privacy, security awareness, cloud security 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID399:
Monitoring, investigating and triaging alerts and requests, including contacting users or other required IT team members. Ensuring computing platform compliance with Cybersecurity policies and directives. Using provided tools to perform continual monitoring and analysis of system activity to identify malicious activity and configure mitigations. Providing timely detection, identification, and alerts of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities, and distinguish these incidents and events from benign activities. Evaluating and recommending new and emerging security products and technologies. Researching new and emerging threats to gain insight and understanding of the evolving threat landscape. Supporting or leading Cyber incident detection, investigation, and response. Supporting or leading Cybersecurity awareness and training exercises. Advising on Cybersecurity policies, industry standards, best practices, and strategies. Taking ownership of reported application security issues and document the solution. Keep current with industry leading best practices/legislation and apply as relevant. Minimum of 1-2 years of experience, preferable in help desk or IT security Collaborative with a positive attitude Experience with Identify and Access Management Experience with Microsoft Office 365 Experience in managing and supporting mobile applications based on tablets (e.g. iOS devices) Strong communication skills – both written and verbal are required Able to multi-task and prioritize appropriately in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated experience working in a collaborative team environment Demonstrated interest in the IT security industry through reading of materials and participation in relevant courses College diploma or university degree in business or information systems Relevant IT Security (i.e. Security+ CompTIA certification) Experience with Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
ScrapedJobID400:
Plus de 10 ans d'expérience de mise en œuvre, de consultation en matière de sécurité, de conformité et de gestion des risques, y compris un mélange de travail d'architecture technique pratique avec la conformité et la supervision. Connaissance approfondie et expérience de la mise en œuvre des principes de sécurité de l'information, de l'application des politiques, des systèmes d'exploitation, des applications Web et d'un haut niveau de connaissance des utilisations de codes malveillants, du Top 10 de l'OWASP et des techniques courantes utilisées par les pirates informatiques Expérience pratique avec des concepts de réseaux sécurisés, des services tels que DNS, HTTPS et TLS, ainsi que la sécurisation de systèmes définis par logiciel Expérience démontrée dans la conception d'architectures pour répondre aux exigences de sécurité et de conformité des entités du secteur public canadien Expérience de la création d’artefacts et de documentation sur la sécurité et de la direction d'organisations par le biais de processus de conformité à la sécurité, d'accréditation ou d'autorités d'exploitation des cycles de vie 10+ years of /implementation/consulting experience with Security, Compliance, and Risk Management including a mix of hands-on technical architecture work along with compliance and oversight. Expert knowledge and implementation experience of information security principles, policy enforcement, operating systems, web applications, and a high-level of familiarity with malicious code uses, OWASP Top 10, and common techniques used by hackers Hands-on experience with secure networking design concepts, services such as DNS, HTTPS, and TLS, as well as securing software-defined systems Demonstrated experience in designing architectures to meet security and compliance requirements for Canadian public sector entities Experience building Security documentation packages and leading organizations through Security compliance processes, accreditation, and/or Authority to Operate lifecycles. English version to follow* Expérience pratique des architectures de sécurité cloud Certification AWS Professional, possibilité d'obtenir une certification de niveau professionnel dans les trois mois suivant l'embauche. Expérience de la gestion des implications de sécurité des migrations cloud Expérience de la conception de postures de sécurité pour les applications cloud natives Expérience dans la conception et la mise en œuvre de contrôles de sécurité Expérience en programmation / scripting: (ex. Java, ASP.Net, Perl, Python, Ruby, scripts Shell, etc.) Expérience de l'activité d'audit technique pour garantir la conformité aux politiques de sécurité et aux autres normes de l'industrie (par exemple NIST, ITSG-33, SOC1 / SOC2) Hands on experience with Cloud security architectures AWS Professional certification, ability to get certified at Professional level within three months of hire. Experience with managing the security implications of cloud migrations Experience designing security postures for Cloud native applications Experience in the design and implementation of security controls Experience in programming/scripting: (ex. Java, ASP.Net, Perl, Python, Ruby, Shell scripting, etc) Experience with technical audit activity to ensure compliance with security policies and other industry standards (e.g. NIST, ITSG-33, SOC1/SOC2) 
ScrapedJobID401:
Provide security expertise to engineering and development teams, acting as a project team member providing consulting advise ensuring security requirements are integrated in the project. Provide specific security expertise to engineering teams by identifying and creating patterns and blueprints for repeatable security, infrastructure and application instantiations. Blueprints and patterns may address such areas as network design, database access, authentication methods, encryption requirements, key management, entitlement design, identity management, logging, input validation, secure data transfer among others. This involves liaising with other technology subject matter experts to build consensus, outlining areas of improvement in written form and explaining concerns early on. Identify areas of risk on projects where security requirements cannot be fully addressed in the required time frame of the project. Document and present those risks to senior business, IT and Security team members. Help identify areas of security the firm might want to invest in improve IT security. Product security case reports to document and highlight specific risks along with potential mitigations. 8 to 10 years of information security experience Excellent communication / interpersonal skills to be able to interact at all levels & be effective as part of a broader team, capable of taking broad objectives and create and execute a concrete plan- Ability to influence and engage with senior management Ability to manage expectations and handle high-pressure situations with tight deadlines Experience in an information security (application and/or infrastructure) role in an enterprise environment. 2+ years Hands-on experience with popular Cloud Vendors and technologies such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure. Ability to quickly adapt to changing priorities and demands Ability to write documentation for all types of audiences, from very specific technical guides to 9 higher level research on technologies and vendors. Ability to work independently, and self-motivate Demonstrated ability to see through sales pitches to find inconsistencies and omissions to quickly identify the most effective areas to look for controls gaps, and the technical ability to follow through." Experience with PKI Experience with Modern Authentication Technologies such as OAuth2, OpenID Connect and SAML 2.0 Experience with Docker or other Linux Container technologies Experience with Kubernetes or similar workload orchestration Knowledge of traditional network technologies, such as firewalls, NAT, Load balancers, and web proxies Experience with Software Defined Networking Technologies Experience with infrastructure as code tools, such as Hashicorp Terraform Experience with CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of traditional security concepts such as patch/vulnerability management, input validation, authentication, authorization" 
ScrapedJobID402:
You have 4-6 years of IT experience with Microsoft-based computer networks You have installation/migration/systems administration experience You have experience inWindows 10 PC deployments You have experience working with Active Directory in Windows Server You have experience working with VMWare vCentre You have a strong understanding of TCP/IP You have experience working with Cisco routing and switching You are experienced in remote monitoring and management (RMM) systems, Labtech/Automate (this is a plus) You have experience working with a professional services automation (PSA) system, ConnectWise (this is a plus) You want the opportunity to learn and use our industry-leading remote monitoring and management platform You want to work with a team of people who are the best when it comes to supporting business computer networks Installed, deployed and migrated Windows servers for our clients Completed Office 365 and other Azure Cloud migrations Successfully completed desktop migrations and server configurations for our clients Installed and configured firewalls Installed and configured Cisco networking devices Advanced security systems implementations Travelled within the GTA required for regular client onsite visits Competitive salary Corporate performance-based profit-sharing bonus Health and Dental benefits Group RRSP plan with contributions matched by company Yearly technology device allowance Paid birthday off as well as paid personal days Onsite Office Gym Please visit our BambooHR Company Site, and follow the steps to apply to the IT Infrastructure Engineer position, found here: Complete the following survey: Please note, an applicant will not be reviewed until they have completed the Culture Index Survey. 
ScrapedJobID403:
Providing security recommendations and solutions for migrating and new applications in the Morgan Stanley environment across multiple Cloud providers including, but not limited to, Azure and AWS Selecting and/or designing appropriate Cloud controls for applications and data storage Working closely with vendors to develop, deploy, and test Cloud security services Integrating, configuring, documenting, and deploying compliant infrastructure and supporting services in the Cloud platform Troubleshooting problems, analyzing root cause, and (where possible) fixing bugs introduced by owned or managed security solutions Collaborating with Risk Management, Security Architecture, and Cyber Incident Response teams to ensure necessary controls to Cloud services are deployed and tested Working in a globally distributed team to provide innovative and robust Cloud-centric solutions Solid understanding of the Shared Responsibility Model; keen understanding of the security risks inherent in hosting cloud-based applications and data Experience providing requirements for securing cloud workloads and applications Familiarity with standard cloud security tooling such as Amazon Guardduty, Security Hub, Azure Security Center, and Microsoft Cloud App Security (MCAS) Experience configuring Azure and AWS Policy Experience administering Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) and Security Orchestration, Automation and Response (SOAR) products for integrated log management and analysis of security signals Experience creating technical architecture documentation Strong communication and written skills Experience writing queries and analytics in Kusto Query Language (KQL) Familiarity with Vulnerability Management concepts and related experience using compliance tooling (such as Prisma Cloud) Experience with scripting and automation using PowerShell and/or Python Experience with risk control frameworks and engagements with risk and regulatory functions Experience in the financial industry Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID404:
Leads the IT Security team in the delivery of security solutions and infrastructure architecture. Acts as a senior resource regarding developing and delivering strategic security initiatives. Develops security initiatives and design for security best practices with a focus on strategic and complex security solutions, in conjunction with Corporate Security team. Acts as a communication lesson/single point of contact for security incident management between the IT Security team and corporate security. Defines requirements, architecture and design for security solutions with a focus on Identity Management solutions and/or Infrastructure Protection solutions i.e. Firewalls, VPNs, VOIP, Intrusion prevention/detection, Access controls, Perimeter security, secure content including Network Access Control (NAC), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), etc. Reports security metrics, provided by the Analyst, IT Security, to management and or Corporate Security for assessment and possible review for the Information Security Steering Committee (ISSC). Approves vendor choices and establishing product / vendor selection criteria. Leads and coaches’ security staff in the delivery of new technologies and mandates. Develops and maintains IT Security preparedness plan and procedures to cope with information security breaches/incidents. Contributes to the continuous growth of the Security Solutions practice through mentorship, identification of new opportunities and development of security solutions. Available for occasional travel and call outs after normal business hours in the event of a security incident. A Bachelor or College degree in Computer Science, System Engineering or one or more of the following professional designations or equivalent experience and the willingness to obtain certifications within the first year: SANS GIAC, CISSP, CISM, JNCIA-JUNOS, JNCIS-SA, technical certifications with major vendors i.e. Cisco, HP, Symantec, RSA, Juniper, CA, Oracle, VMware with a minimum of ten (10) years experience in IT. Five (5) years experience providing technical architecture expertise on Security Solutions in a large corporate environment, focusing on solution implementation. Experience providing detailed technical architecture and integration expertise with major Vendor solutions i.e. Cisco, HP, Symantec, RSA, Juniper, CA, Oracle, VMware, etc. An understanding of PCI, NIST, ITIL, or other compliance frameworks are considered assets. Business acumen coupled with a strong understanding of project methodology and the ability to manage complex deliveries or programs from a pre-implementation and design perspective. Excellent communication, presentation, documentation, and interpersonal skills are a requirement for this position with an ability to communicate complex technical points to others at the technical, user and management levels. Proven leadership skills including team development, performance management and the ability to reorganizing workloads to accommodate for changing priorities. The successful incumbent must be open to Secret Security Clearance issued by the Government of Canada. 
ScrapedJobID405:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Initiative Accurate Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID406:
Work as part of a small team to receive, troubleshoot & resolve support requests from STEMCELL staff related to IT equipment & business applications. Take ownership for solving issues within our service levels, and escalate critical or recurring problems to senior staff. Deploy & maintain IT equipment, including laptops/desktops, mobile devices, printers & audio-visual equipment. Setup & decommission employee accounts, including setup and decommissioning of equipment and software. Setup, maintain and update apps & software use by STEMCELL staff. This includes reviewing requests for new tools, and evaluating them alongside our Information Security team. Use & keep our knowledge-base up-to-date with helpful self-service information for our team & STEMCELL staff. Work with other members of the Information Systems team to keep STEMCELL’s systems updated & secure. This includes working alongside the IS Security team to promote information security practices throughout STEMCELL to safeguard the company, employees and systems. Join STEMCELL project teams to support facility expansion and corporate technology projects. Other duties as assigned. 1+ years of experience in an IT or technical customer support role. Work or co-op experience in an Enterprise Service Desk role would be a strong advantage. Degree or diploma in a technology-related discipline, or a mix of industry certifications. Experience with Microsoft operating systems and deployment/support tools Experience supporting web and cloud based IT systems & applications like Google or Office365. Certifications in this field are an asset. Possess excellent problem-solving skills to identify and resolve issues Active interest in cyber security, and a motivation to learn about new technologies. Enjoy working across a broad range of technologies, and with people from diverse professional backgrounds. Strong task and time management skills accompanied by good judgment. This is a fast-paced role with competing priorities that requires initiative, self-direction and resilience. Strong communication & customer service skills. You will work directly with STEMCELL staff to run and support apps/tools to meet their needs. Show curiosity to seek new and better ways of doing things, and take initiative to see them through to completion Work experience in a regulated industry like Life Sciences, Pharma or Finance would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID407:
Setting up and maintaining SOC technologies such as FortiAnalyzer and FotiSOAR for daily operations Monitor SOC technologies and infrastructure for availability and security Help with expanding and scaling SOC infrastructure on Fortinet private cloud Help with debugging Fortinet products used in SOC and collaborate with product Dev\QA teams Help with maintaining staging environment and doing required tests Help with supporting SOC team on use case development Help with report creation using PostgreSQL for SOC triage, threat hunting and other purposes Help with automation and SOAR playbook development Experience with Security products and technologies. Fortinet products is a bonus. Experience with IT service management such as Configuration, change and incident management. Hands-on experience with private cloud technologies. Hand-on experience with reporting tools. PosgreSQL experience is a bonus. Hands-on experience with Security technologies such as SIEM and SOAR. Hands-on experience with Linux and bash scripting. Hands-on experience with Python Scripting and API programming. QA and DevOps experience is a bonus. Understanding of SOC operations and Incident Response Life cycle. Experience in SOC is desired. Understanding of Cyber Kill chain, threat vectors and threat intelligence Understanding of layered security at data, OS and network levels Understanding Cybersecurity Frameworks and compliance requirements Understanding of network concepts, common protocols and services Understanding SDLC and Software Build management. Team player, Solution-focused, Conflict management skills Multi-tasking, Time and Stress management skills Self-directed, takes initiatives, Open to new challenges and learning opportunities Understands the importance of discipline, consistency and communication Good verbal and written communication skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Security or related field. Security certifications are desired. 
ScrapedJobID408:
Work with other teams to ensure ongoing compliance with PCI, ISO-27001, and other applicable industry and privacy regulations. Develop and maintain company’s Information Security Policies and Procedures. Collaborate with other internal teams to ensure that appropriate controls are implemented and are operating effectively. Monitor and assist in performing internal risk assessments. Assist with the development of control frameworks to meet business and regulatory Assisting in developing security and compliance strategy Monitor, identify and validate security events generated from internal SIEM and feeding subsystems such as Palo Alto firewalls, Sophos Security, AD logs, Office365, AWS with a focus on O365 security controls Working with the security team and as a member of the IT team, provide first and second level security support and ensure cybersecurity best practices Respond to critical business impacting situations and coordinate the efforts required to engage the proper resources to remediate the issue Act as primary escalator for CIRP (Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan). Coordinate major security incident situations and provide internal communications as defined by CIRP Monitor for attacks, intrusions and unusual, unauthorized or illegal activity Follow and establish process documentation for receipt of security alerts for monitored devices, acknowledge the receipt of the event, open and/or update service desk tickets to track the handling of events to resolution and closure, and assignment of the ticket to the appropriate owner Assist in researching and replicating targeted phishing and in administering monthly cybersecurity awareness training and phishing campaigns to the entire enterprise Monitor and document data flows for critical business applications Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering Minimum 3 years working experience as a SOC or Security Compliance Analyst Experience in managing compliance such as PCI, ISO-27001 and NIST (at least 2 of these) Experience in achieving security certifications. Know the fundamentals of IT security, hardening practices, and security management tools Knowledge in key areas such as: Firewalls, IDS, IPS, VPN, Remote Access, Security Logging, Vulnerability Management, Security Incident Response, and Penetration testing Good working knowledge of advanced endpoint analytics Have an understanding of AD, LDAP, Radius, DHCP, DNS Experience with cyber security tools such as Rapid7/Nexpose, Wireshark, endpoint Be available 24/7 availability for high severity incidents Nice to have industry certifications (CISSP, CISA, CISM) Excellent communication skills Effective business systems thinker and a good understanding of business process knowledge Demonstrated ability to deal effectively with others in a diverse environment Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects at one time Strong stakeholder management focus 
ScrapedJobID409:
Analyze incoming security signals in real time with a balance of accuracy and speed using a variety of forensic tools Apply investigative tools, techniques and procedures (TTPs), use your understanding of the security threats associated with the incoming signals and follow defined runbooks to determine and execute the relevant actions Perform whitelisting/filtering of false positive signals For confirmed true positive signals, you will alert clients using defined templates and escalate high priority alerts to clients by phone Block malicious network traffic and isolate infected hosts on customers networks Add malicious IOC’s to eSentire’s Global Blacklist for all customers where appropriate. Complete basic-intermediate client support requests/queries assigned by the operations lead. Work directly with clients via email/phone as needed to complete these tasks Handle some service administration and troubleshooting tasks Relevant degree in Computer Science, IT Security, IT Management, IT Support or related discipline or up to 3+ years equivalent experience. Degree course or industry experience must include a strong focus on networking and security. Keen interest in Cyber Security with foundational knowledge of network and endpoint security technologies including; Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Snort/Suricata Packet Capture (PCAP) Analysis using Wireshark Windows system internals, basic knowledge of PowerShell Linux Kernel and basic scripting (Bash/Python) knowledge Analytical mind with strong attention to detail and a commitment to quality of service Strong customer facing written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate complex security concepts with end customers. Natural ability to thrive in a fast-paced and time sensitive environment Ability to work in an operational/shift-based environment with flexible working hours to include evenings and weekends 
ScrapedJobID410:
More than 60% growth in the last 5 years; 53% of our global staff are women and 96% of Mazars’ women leaders would recommend the firm to women graduates; Global access to LinkedIn Learning; 87% of all Mazarians contribute to charities; International mobility; Opportunities throughout your career. Focus on values and culture; Allow you to bring out your entrepreneurial spirit; Get involved in its transformation and growth; Foster innovation and creativity; Promote a living environment where collegiality and collaboration take precedence. Install and configure computer with Windows; Install software based on user’s profile; Provide IT support and assistance level 1 (on Windows); Being able to use and update the help desk ticket system; Provide network support; Provide phone system support; Help users with their mobile (Apple iOS and sometimes Android); Provide assistant during videoconference and meetings. College diploma in related field; 1-3 years experience in a similar position or relevant experience; Proficient in French (English is an asset); Laptop configuration (Windows) and specific softwares Provide excellent customer support and assistance with users that have difficulties with technologies (patience, empathy); Being enthusiasm, team spirit and positive attitude; Being organized; Ability to manage priorities in order to achieves multiples tasks; Keep being updated and demonstrate interest to keep up with technology trends; Ability to accept and adapt to change. Knowledge regarding networks, VPN concepts and IT security; Knowledge regarding Phone system (VoIP); Being open to do other tasks than those defined in this list; Laptop configuration in a Windows environment and software installations. Competitive salary; Possibility of working remotely A number of weeks of vacation which takes into account your professional experience; Casual dress code A bank of personal days; Virtual healthcare services; Annual allowance to improve your well-being; Group insurance (life insurance, MMA, medical and dental insurance, short- and long- term disability) according to the (50/50) cost-sharing agreement in force; Group retirement savings plan: contributions according to the terms and conditions in force; Daily health breakfast at the office; A dynamic, diverse and exciting work environment. 
ScrapedJobID411:
Deliver datacenter network designs and security solutions to business and risk management partners Evaluation, recommendation and testing of technical solutions, network performance monitoring and tuning Engineer & design, configuration, validation and Level 3 support of Network Security solutions, including firewalls Creation of datacenter network design diagrams, network security build standards and technical specifications Development and maintenance of up-to-date documentation of security systems, sub-systems and other technology solutions Establishing partnerships with technology teams for organizational strategic initiatives Identifying and actualizing opportunities to introduce automation of network security solutions via infrastructure as code and DevOps pipeline integation Proactive engagement to introduce new technology that can add value or reduce costs to each of TD’s core businesses Strong experience with designing and implementing Next Generation Firewall solutions is required Experience with Palo Alto Network Firewalls and Panorama Management is required Strong understanding of network communications (e.g. IPSEC, GRE, HSRP, BGP, OSPF, 802.11, QoS) is required Experience with engineering & deployment of software defined network segmentation through one of the following technologies is preferred: Experience with firewall audit and automation tools, such as Tufin Orchestration Suite and AlgoSec Security Management is preferred Experience with network automation and integration with DevOps deployment and build pipelines via tools such as Ansible and Terraform is preferred Experience in architecture and design of complex Network Security Infrastructure Architectures Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple deadlines and competing priorities Strong communication skills to explain technologies to a wide audience Proven ability to collaborate across a large organization to effectively realize outcomes Ability to take leadership on engineering design decisions, solve technical problems, and make improvements to our systems Cisco CCNP or CCIE Routing & Switching and / or Data Center certification is preferred Palo Alto certifications PCNSA, PCNSE or other next generation firewall certification is preferred CISSP, CISM or other security industry certifications is preferred Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or engineering is required Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking 
ScrapedJobID412:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Act as a Subject Mater Expert (SME) of Siemens’ Industrial network and security products and solutions Develop Industrial Network and Security architectures as per customer needs Create detailed design documentations for complex Industrial network and security solutions Perform on-site activities including: Configuration, integration and testing of industrial network and security solutions. Perform system tests and produce reports as required. Optimize an existing network and stage network for factory and lab testing as needed. Develop training course curriculums, build training material and perform training activities as needed. Prepare and present detailed technical proposals, including product demonstrations and solution prototypes. Performs complex hardware and/or software design consultation in accordance with customer/project needs. Resolves very complex technical problems to meet customers' needs. Provide post and Pre-sales support for the Siemens’ industrial network and security solutions. Generates technical collateral such as blueprints, application notes and whitepapers. Bachelor of Science/Associate degree in electrical/computer/mechanical engineering/computer science or equivalent technical degree. Network design (Topologies, Rings, Routing, VLAN, VRRP). WLAN design under IEEE 802.11 and knowledge in Rapid Roaming, IPCF, IPCF-MC. Networking analysis knowledge and proficiencies in Wireshark, SNMP, NMap, and Wireless Site Surveys Good working knowledge of Linux and Virtualized environments Experience working with Next Generation Firewalls (NGFW) Prior automation/networking experience and use of protocols in SCADA an Industrial applications Networking Certifications such as CCNP or Siemens certifications is an asset. Cybersecurity Certifications such as IEC62443 is a plus. Demonstrate project management skills. Solution fitting Troubleshooting/Fault analysis Ability to manage his/her own time and tasks with minimal supervision Self-motivated and self-starter Sound interpersonal, organizational and communication skills. Excellent command of the English language... professional knowledge of a second language (French, Spanish) is an asset Excellent command of Word, Excel, VISIO, PowerPoint and Outlook Able to accommodate for 30% to 50 % of Travel schedule internationally worldwide on short notice. Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the Canada, and able to travel to the USA and internationally on short notice 
ScrapedJobID413:
Represent first stage of vertical escalation Be the point of contact, coordinator and mediator for all Priority 1 & 2 (Major) Incidents Global coordination and management of operational activities Responsible for planning and coordinating all the activities required to perform, monitor, and report on the incident management process Responsible for the implementation of the Incident Management Process Create, produce and analyze reporting for KPIs and ticket management Monitor the tickets to ensure that the SLA's are respected Identify trends and patterns, initiate, schedule and conduct ticket reviews Ensures Quality Control for Customer Support process Establish continuous improvement cycles where the people, performance, activities, responsibilities, policies, procedures and supporting technology are reviewed and enhanced Track service & process improvements and report on progress. Ensures compliance to global operational standards, procedures and best practices. Always ensures protection of customer systems and information Position includes on-call duties Bachelor's in computer science or equivalent 5+ years' experience in a Customer/Technical Support environment Strong communication skills (written/spoken) Well-organized with attention to detail Good customer-approach/very customer-centric ITIL-Foundation SaaS knowledge and experience Good general technical knowledge and understanding 
ScrapedJobID414:
Experienced in consulting and advisory discussions with clients and other consulting firms Talented in designing and implementing technology solutions Experienced in working with or leading medium to large teams Able to collaborate within a large global organization You take full accountability to lead and manage projects, providing operational leadership for work efforts requiring significant coordination.​ You create and implement work plans for assigned projects, programs and clients against established operational objectives​ You lead small to large project general design and delivery (solution architecture and associated infrastructure or business and functional requirements)​ Seen as a role model and acts as a leader​ Bilingual (preferred) - French You solve complex problems that consistently span work domains, requiring considerable judgement of contextual factors.​ You have wide latitude in approach to work, including ability to reshape work plans, guided by professional best practices and domain expertise.​ You develop a strong client relationship and contribute to sales outcomes.​ You work independently, with occasional validation of work efforts against strategic and operational objectives.​ You orchestrate the development lifecycle and facilitate building specialty skills as required by the project. You ensure that quality tools and processes are in place and are implemented by the development team.​ You act as a Delivery Lead/ Technical Architect for small and medium projects​ Proven experience with user and entity behavioral analytics and how these services can be used to identify and defend against identity compromise.​ Proven experience of security, incident and event management solutions, their design, implementation and integration into Security Operations. Azure Sentinel experience is of particular interest.​ Proven experience performing use case development and rules that can be applied to consolidate events across disparate systems and used to identify an attack chain across systems.​ Proven experience performing threat hunting across endpoints, identities, networking, cloud and collaboration platforms.​ A good understanding of threat modelling, risk and how to mitigate the risks concerning applications, both from internal and external threat actors.​ A deep understanding of incident response processes and techniques for cyber recovery.​ A deep understanding of security operations centers, their functions and roles.​ A good understanding of the Microsoft platforms across Windows, Microsoft 365 and Azure.​ Experienced in managed security services, incident response and security advisory.​ A good understanding of techniques and approaches used by threat actors to compromise companies.​ A good understanding of the MITRE ATT&CK framework and how it can be applied to help customers improve their cyber defense.​ A good understanding of the business, privacy, security, and compliance challenges surrounding client data and able to articulate and understand the types of assets that would be seen as valuable and susceptible to attack.​ With an eye to the future, you are aware of emerging technologies in the Cyber Defense space.​ M365 Threat Protection (Security Center, MCAS, Defender for endpoint, Office 365, Identity)​ Splunk Enterprise Security Certified Admin ​ CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Administrator​ CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Responder​ CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Hunter​ ZCCA-IA - Cloud Administrator Internet Access​ ZCCA-PA - Cloud Administrator Private Access​ AZ-500: Microsoft Azure Security Technologies​ SC-200: Microsoft Security Operations Analyst​ SC-900 Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals​ SC-300: Microsoft Identity and Access Administrator​ SC-400: Microsoft Information Protection Administrator​ Opportunity to work for Microsoft’s Global Alliance Partner of the Year (17 of the last 20 years) Exceptional development and training to help you understand Microsoft's broader Security, Compliance, and Identity (SCI) ecosystem with a minimum 80 hours/year of training and paid certifications Avanade University - real-time access to technical and skilled resources globally Dedicated career adviser to encourage your progression Reward and recognition program Full benefits package including medical coverage, income protection policy, extended benefits, bonus program, generous retirement plan, and much more. 
ScrapedJobID415:
Full-time, permanent work-from-home position with option for in-office if preferred - - our recruiters will be reaching out to applicants within the first two weeks of 2022! 8-hour rotational shifts that fall between 9:00 am to 9:00 pm, Sun-Sat (Majority of shifts are Mon-Fri but there are some Sat/Sun shifts.) Starting hourly rate is $17.50 Financial support for CompTIA Certification Training starts Mid January * Health, Dental, and Vision Benefits at 30 days * Life Insurance * Group RSP with matching contribution option * Free Employee & Family Assistance Program for legal, financial, and health support Provide effective technical troubleshooting to resolve customer issues via phone, chat, and email Assist customers with configuring security software products for PC and Mac OS Manage customers’ cases through to successful resolution including scheduling remote sessions as needed Manage software licensing and monitor/escalate application issues Education in computer science or IT (diploma, certificate) and/or frontline tech support experience. Demonstrated experience with Windows PC and MAC desktop support, installation, configuration, and troubleshooting. (Basic knowledge of networking protocols (DNS, HTTPS, HTTP) is an asset.) Demonstrated knowledge of anti-virus, malware software Proven aptitude for self-learning programs with an “early adopter” mindset for technical applications A customer-centric approach to service including the ability to tailor communication for a broad range of end-users from consumers with home computers to enterprise-level system administrators. Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Do you have education in computer science or IT (diploma, certificate)? tech support experience with anti-virus, malware software: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID416:

ScrapedJobID417:
Provide consultation and advice to partners on a broad range Technology Controls / Information Security programs / policies / standards and incidents for own specialized area; Act as a lead expert resource in technology controls / information security for project teams, the business / organization and/or outside vendors; Provide support in the discipline of the Cybersecurity Assurance Program Participate in the development of new cyber security assessment practice services Simulates malicious tactics of a motivated adversary with the intent of achieving a specific goal or access Network, System, Application, Mobile, traditional web and wireless penetration testing Experience in exploiting web apps and web services security vulnerabilities including cross-site scripting, cross site request forgery, SQL injection, DoS attacks, XML/SOAP, and API attacks. Writing exploit code for local testing Hardware Hacking Social Engineering Contribute to the definition, development, and oversight of a global security management strategy and framework; Ensure technology, processes, and governance are in place to monitor, detect, prevent, and react to both current and emerging technology / security threats against TDBG’s business; Develop on-going Technology Risk reporting, monitoring key trends and defining metrics to regularly measure control effectiveness for own area; Work proactively with technology partners / stakeholders and service/platform owners to ensure all technology security components are integrated into the bank’s overall Enterprise Architecture, and any control gaps are addressed; Consult on Regulatory compliance requirements, reporting and questions; Provide support and consulting in preparation for Audits and in composing management responses and appropriate remediation activities; Participate in computer security incident responses relevant to business (or enterprise wide) and represent respective function and Enterprise position to the business, and business needs to incident response team. Influence behavior to reduce risk and foster a strong technology risk management culture throughout the enterprise; Define / develop / implement / manage standards, policies, procedures, and solutions that mitigate risk and maximize security, availability of service, efficiency and effectiveness; University Degree. OSCP required 7+ years of relevant experience. Expert knowledge of IT security and risk disciplines and practices. Advanced knowledge of organization, technology controls, security and risk issues. Demonstrated ability to participate in complex, comprehensive or large projects and initiatives. Ability to serve as a lead expert resource in technology controls and information security for project teams, the business, organization and outside vendors. Strong written and verbal communication skills OSWE and OSEE or equivalents very strongly preferred Experience with penetration testing highly desired Wireless, Network and TCP/IP skills along with Unix command, bash scripting, and / or python coding required A knowledge of adversarial activities in cyberspace with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) with the ability to emulate these TTP to assess vulnerability and risk desired Familiarity with Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) activity; Offensive attack hacker mindset preferred Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, #tdcybersecurity 
ScrapedJobID418:
Apply advanced analytics to large data sets to drive the development of use cases that meet customer needs Work with subject matter experts to determine relevant use cases Collaborate with Data Engineers to develop use cases into deployable models Develop tools to monitor and analyze the effectiveness of use cases and new data sources Remain current with cyber threat trends to enhance use cases Other related data analytics support as may be required Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning or similar 5+ years related work experience with advanced analytics and machine learning Experience with Spark, R, Python, Java, SQL, Hadoop Knowledge of advanced statistical and machine learning techniques General knowledge of enterprise data security Working knowledge of Unix/Linux command line tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills and experience presenting Experience in GCP machine learning and big data tools is an asset Dental care Extended health care Vision care Master's Degree (preferred) Data Science: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID419:
Vous souhaitez joindre une équipe d’experts dans la définition de la stratégie de gouvernance en sécurité de l’information, de participer à des projets d’architecture de sécurité, votre place est avec nous ! Vous rêvez de développer votre expertise en conformité et/ou contribuer à l’exécution des processus entourant la gestion du risque de la sécurité de l’information, votre place est avec nous ! Vous aimez accompagner une clientèle d’affaires et exercer un rôle-conseil, votre place est avec nous ! Vous aimez être dans le feu de l’action, répondre aux incidents de sécurité et faire partie d’une équipe d’experts opérationnelle hors-pair, votre place est avec nous ! Le merveilleux monde de la gestion des identités et des accès n’a plus de secret pour vous autant d’un point de vue stratégie, tactique ou opérationnel, votre place est avec nous ! Les indicateurs, les suivis, l’analyse de la performance des équipes, la gestion de projet, la gestion des compétences, la rigueur est dans vos aptitudes et oui, votre place est avec nous ! 
ScrapedJobID420:
Hyperion Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID421:
Hyperion Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID422:
Take end-to-end ownership of the features. Research, architect, implement and help drive innovative solutions. Actively share knowledge and document insights to support continuous team improvement and collaboration. Act as a mentor throughout the software development process. Partner and collaborate with other functions and teams. Consulting with management on the operational requirements of software solutions. Contributing expertise on information system options, risk, and operational impact. Mentoring junior software developers in gaining experience and assuming DevSecOps responsibilities. Managing the installation and configuration of solutions. Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostic tests. Documenting processes and monitoring performance metrics. Conforming to best practices in DevOps and Security. 3+ years of experience working in one of the following (or similar) capacities: DevSecOps Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). Software Development Engineers with DevSecOps experience are also encouraged to apply. Coding and scripting experience in Python, and Bash (bonus points for Ruby). Hands-on experience with container technologies, Docker, and Docker-Compose. Highly proficient with DevSecOps concepts and technologies. Experience deploying and managing web applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Heroku. Familiarity and experience with one or more of the following systems: CI/CD (CircleCI, Gitlab CICD, or similar), Logging (Sumologic, or similar), and Observability tooling (Datadog, or similar). Experience with production incidents: investigation, resolution, and root cause analysis. Experience with configuration management and IaC (Infrastructure as Code) tools (e.g., AWS CDK, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible) Strong communication skills and ability to build lasting relationships between functional teams Experience in a 24/7/365 environment Experience with AWS CDK and Cloudformation Extensive experience with AWS services of ECS Fargate, Route 53, S3, IAM, KMS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, MWAA, Sagemaker Experience with AWS serverless services (e.g. Lambda, ECS, MWAA, S3, …) * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID423:
Assertive communication style that bridges our client's cybersecurity requirements/projects with members of the client's business units some background with SIEM technology is a must Good organizational skills Can work independently on activities Goal oriented and problem solving mindset to get past roadblocks 3- 5 years' experience in a professional environment Diploma/Degree/Certificate in computer science and/or cybersecurity will be considered an asset Proficient MS Office skills (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint) and working knowledge of Adobe Acrobat Proven editing and proof-reading skills; focused on accuracy and attention to detail Excellent organizational and time management skills Demonstrated ability to prioritize tasks and escalate issues based on relative importance and urgency, with limited supervision Anticipatory approach to managing day-to-day requirements (ability to anticipate issues, decisions required and plan accordingly) Excellent verbal communication skills and demonstrated confidence in dealing directly with colleagues at all levels Excellent written communication skills Proven client service skills Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work independently Ability to multi-task and operate effectively in an environment of frequent interruptions Demonstrated flexibility and responsiveness to multiple requests Ability to maintain strict confidentiality of sensitive material Positive attitude Excellent interpersonal relations and demonstrated ability to work with others effectively in teams Ability to work independently Maintain high level of accuracy, detail and quality in a fast-paced environment Proven editing and proof reading skills Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word), Adobe Acrobat and other technology tools You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID424:
7 firewalls (3 vendors) 3 SWGs (3 vendors) EDR 3 Logging solutions (3 vendors) 1 VA Tool WAF Network AI Inbound and Outbound Email Security Cloud (1 primary) Reverse engineering or malware research Exploit development Forensic investigations Active Defense Passionate about Information Security Curious to answer why Driven to find out how Interested to discover what Excited about where Openminded and an out of the box thinker Determined to understand what you don’t know A team player who is able to work independently, but know when to ask for help Able to present the right information to the right audience in the right format Experience in other areas of IT (development, support, networking, database, etc.) Experience with scripting languages including API calls (Asset) Experience with being a part of an Incident Response Team either as a leader or participant. Experience developing and performing Red Team (network and/or application testing with a focus on security; social engineering) exercises. Diploma or degree in engineering, computer science, business, or equivalent
1 – 10 years’ experience in one or more technical areas of Information Security, Networking, Development 1 – 10 years’ experience in one or more technical areas of Information Security, Networking, Development Certifications including SANS, CISSP Don’t have the education, security experience, or certifications? No problem. Tell us why you are passionate about InfoSec and how you feel that your skills can translate into security. 
ScrapedJobID425:
Experience with Python, Java, or JavaScript AWS/Azure/GCP concepts and automation Experience in project management Configuration management automation knowhow (Teraform, Chef, or other tools) Substantial knowledge in all aspects of Infrastructure Technology, IaaS, and DevOps concepts Excellent communication skills, strong project management skills, results-oriented Application Security and Security Operation knowledge are strong assets Get to work with an experienced security team and build on your own security knowledge Automate security pipelines to help improve the security posture of SAP Automate tool deployment Demonstrate responsibility for critical microservices deployment Gain exposure to modern architectural concepts 
ScrapedJobID426:
Turn initiatives into projects. Work with other team members to support the transition. Be the one to lead the projects into completion. Work with stakeholders, and with vendors where applicable, to make sure use-cases and requirements are being addressed. Work with delivery and control partners to timely and properly address project governance. Agile, entrepreneurial mindset that can fit innovative ideas into a conservative environment. Self-driven and determined to walk long distances on sometimes uncharted and risky roads. Excellent organizational skills and considerable experience working in global corporates. Strong and crisp communication skills – technical and executive audiences alike. Experience working with international teams. Technical knowledge and experience: IAM, Cloud Security, Application Security, Security Operations, Endpoint Security, Network Security, PKI and cryptography, Database Security, enterprise security stack. Technical knowledge and experience: web technologies, Windows OS, Linux OS, network design and protocols, networking equipment, network storage technologies. Technical knowledge and experience in Cloud. Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science or Mathematics is a plus Background in fraud and/or fintech domains is a plus Experience with big data, analytics, databases, OS internals is a plus Experience in DevOps, software development is a plus Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking #tdcybersecurity 
ScrapedJobID427:
Oversee/monitor access logs and privileges. Deliver or conduct the delivery of Information Security and contingency planning and disaster recovery programs for business units/departments across IESO. Contribute to the development of Information Security standards and procedures for business units consistent with corporate security objectives and generally accepted and leading edge Information Security practices and professional security standards and in coordination with IT Process Development Leaders and the Information Security Manager. Deliver the Information Security programs, including Information Security framework for applications, tools, anti-virus, encryption and fire walls, implementation support, identification of system vulnerabilities, system assessments, Information Security advice and consultation, business resumption planning and disaster recovery planning. Review and assess all requests for Exception and/or Exemption to policy. Provide input to supervision on all areas of Information Security. Contribute to the development/delivery of awareness training and general Information Security education. Investigate all identified security breaches, or concentrated attempts at breaching IESO security. Report the results of Technical Information Security assessments with conclusions, recommendations for improvement, planned management actions, follow-up status to Supervisor/Management Team. As required, will lead projects, assign work, resolve problems and assess performance. Review new and updated systems/applications to ensure that security is configured properly. Work with business units to determine data classification and ownership/custodianship. Ensure there are adequate security tools available for performing system reviews. Report the results of technical IT Security assessments with conclusions, recommendations for improvement, planned management actions, follow-up status to Manager - Information Security, and business leaders. Keep abreast of developments in the areas of legal, regulatory, corporate requirements, technological developments and best practices in the Information Technology and Corporate Security field. Will have access/handle confidentiality issues, requiring high level of trust and integrity. Perform other duties/tasks/projects as required or assigned. Requires a sound knowledge of computer science, information technology and telecommunications systems. Excellent written and oral communication skills, in order to deal with end-users, review/input on procedures, standards and/or methods; and design/deliver training. This knowledge is considered to be normally acquired either through the successful completion of a university degree in the area of Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent. Requires experience coordinating/analyzing enterprise security systems on a diverse set of computing platforms, operating systems and applications, especially Windows NT and UNIX. Experience with networking products, large package and systems implementation. Previous experience as part of a large multi-disciplined project, and with systems vendors, which requires having sound project management skills. A period of over 8 years, up to and including 10 years is considered necessary to gain this experience. Functional/Technical Skills Customer Focus Approachability Problem Solving Action Oriented Learning on the Fly Priority Setting Self-Development Team and Collaboration Openness to Change Expertise with Humility Genuine Caring Commitment & Accountability Purposeful Engagement Competitive market wages Comprehensive benefit programs Programs and policies to support a balanced lifestyle A challenging fast-paced team environment Opportunity to work with some of the brightest people in the industry 
ScrapedJobID428:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify, resolve, and mitigate security issues in IZEA’s AWS/GCP/Google Workspace systems and processes. Interface with AWS/GCP/Google Workspace account teams to ensure security is appropriately represented. Perform analysis of transactional data, log files and/or other system outputs to identify malicious or anomalous activity Evaluate, architect, implement, monitor and support security infrastructure for use by a remote workforce across all of our cloud platforms. Act as a point of escalation for investigation of systems and security events. Engage with customers, auditors, and other external entities during sales, deal negotiations, and other scenarios to articulate our security and trust story. Interface with external partners to conduct routine vulnerability assessments, including but not limited to: penetration testing and social engineering tests. Regularly review existing systems and make recommendations for improvements to all necessary internal departments. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a cloud engineering role or related role. 3+ years of hands-on experience securing cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure). A strong technical background involving SaaS cloud technologies and deep understanding of relevant risk mitigation and technical controls. Outstanding written and oral communication skills, as well as the ability to communicate detailed, technical information in a manner comprehensible by individuals at varying degrees of experience and skill level. Experience utilizing Agile methodologies Experience in AWS cloud-based services, and serverless architectures. Experience dealing with security compliance certifications, such as SOC2 and SOX. Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), or AWS Security Certification. Self-motivated, and thrive in a fast moving environment. A naturally curious technologist and stay on top of emerging trends, including hands-on prototyping of nascent technologies. Not afraid to question any existing processes and solutions, yet you display a keen sense of business value proposition and focus on the right priorities. At home in the cloud and are an expert in designing cloud-native security solutions. Able to understand business requirements, pragmatically balance risk, and effectively communicate trade offs. 
ScrapedJobID429:
You have experience providing advice and recommendations on IM or IT issues, projects, solutions or strategies and developing/implementing IM or IT plans, solutions or strategies You possess excellent communication skills You thrive leading a diverse team by creating vision and strategy, promoting innovation, and mobilizing your workforce You have a desire to collaborate with key stakeholders to improve IM/IT service Graduation from a two-year program of study from a recognized post-secondary institution with acceptable specialization in computer science, information technology, information management or another specialty relevant to the position to be staffed. Significant* experience in providing advice and recommendations to decision makers** on Information Management (IM) or Information Technology (IT) issues, projects, solutions or strategies. Significant* experience in developing and implementing Information Management (IM) or Information Technology (IT) plans, solutions or strategies to achieve business or technology objectives. Experience establishing and maintaining partnerships with internal or external stakeholders. Experience in the preparation and delivery of information to a wide variety of audiences. "Significant" means the depth and breadth of experience normally associated with 24 months or more. Create Vision and Strategy Mobilize People Uphold Integrity and Respect Promote Innovation and Guide Change Collaborate with Partners and Stakeholders Achieve Results Respect of Diversity Communication Experience in Enterprise Architecture. Experience in Strategic Planning. Experience in Infrastructure and Operations. Experience in Application Development /Database Administration/Data Experience in Client Portfolio Management. Experience in Project Portfolio Management. Experience in IT Security. Experience in Information Management. Experience in Business Analysis. Experience in IT Quality Assurance, Control and Testing. Experience in Data Analytics. Reliability or secret security clearance, depending on the position to be staffed. Willingness and ability to work overtime when needed. 
ScrapedJobID430:
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) Microsoft SQL Certification Microsoft certified professional (MCP) Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Bondable Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Device drivers Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Servers File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Image editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software SQL Website creation and management software MS Office Multimedia software Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID431:
Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Demonstrate ability to assimilate new knowledge. Demonstrate and apply a thorough understanding of complex information systems. Use knowledge of the current IT environment and industry trends to identify vulnerabilities and communicate this information to the engagement team and client management through written correspondence and verbal presentations. Contribute to people-related initiatives, including development, coaching, recruiting, training, and retaining staff. Maintain an educational program to continually develop the personal skills of yourself and other operators. Understand and follow workplace policies and procedures. Undergraduate or masters’ degree preferably in one of the following areas: Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, other related majors, or other equivalent work experience 3+ years of recent offensive security experience (internal and external penetration testing, Red Teaming, social engineering, etc.) Possession of certifications such as OSCP, OSCE, GPEN, RTO, ePTX, etc. Experience in working independently or as part of a large team to deliver offensive Cyber services as standalone deliverables or within large, complex projects. Expertise in developing malware and custom tooling that remains undetected by enterprise endpoint protections Experience with performing manual and automated OSINT collection and organizing findings Strong knowledge of modern offensive security tools and frameworks, such as Bloodhound, nmap, Impacket, etc. Familiarity with all stages in the Cyber Kill Chain and the MITRE ATT&CK Framework Excellent interpersonal, written, verbal, communication, and presentation skills Practical experience with conducting penetration tests and red team assessments Excellent analytical skills and knowledge of data analytics methods Demonstrated leadership abilities Security Clearance is preferred or ability to obtain Security Clearance Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID432:
Developing and following practices and procedures to maintain firewalls and networking equipment Guiding less experienced individuals through network and firewall troubleshooting Analyzing firewall and network activity logs for anomalous behaviour The position requires availability for nights and weekends Escalation point for less experienced SOC members College degree and/or IT Diploma or 4 years on equivalent experience Networking and Firewall experience is mandatory Fortinet, Palo Alto, Checkpoint or any other NGFW administration and reporting experience required Strong troubleshooting skills mandatory An understanding of L2/L3 networking An understanding of basic routing protocols Comfortable working in groups or alone Comfortable working with virtualized technologies Ability to work flexible hours required Systems administration skill sets are an asset (Windows, Active Directory, Linux) Programming experience in python, ruby, or other scripting language an asset CCNA, CCNP, Network+, Security+, or equivalent certifications are an asset High level of organization Willingness and drive to learn new/different technologies Experience developing reports using SQL is an asset Bilingual English/French is an asset Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID433:
Monitor computer networks for security issues and investigate security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents. Install security measures and operate software to protect systems and information infrastructure, including firewalls and data encryption programs. Monitor and analyze logs and events from critical systems for suspicious or abnormal events, document security breaches and assess levels of damage. Develop company-wide best practices for IT security. Perform penetration testing. Research security enhancements and make improvement recommendations to upper management. Participate in the planning and design of enterprise security architecture as well as enterprise security documents (policies, standards, baselines, guidelines, and procedures). Participate in the planning and design of an enterprise business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan. Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge of the IT security industry including awareness of new or revised security solutions, improved security processes, and the development of new attacks and threat vectors. Perform the deployment, integration, and initial configuration of all new security solutions and of any enhancements to existing security solutions in accordance with standard best operating procedures generically and the enterprise’s security documents specifically. Maintain up-to-date baselines for the secure configuration and operations of all in-place devices, whether they be under direct control (i.e. security tools) or not (e.g. workstations, servers, network devices). Process end user access requests and review access as necessary. In collaboration with IT Departments, evaluate, implement and maintain security features/functions and controls on IT systems. Perform periodic vulnerability assessments on new and existing IT systems to identify, document, and mitigate risks on WCLC systems. Troubleshoot system, resource, network and user access as required. Liaise with other departments and users regarding information technology security issues/troubles. College diploma or university degree in Computer Science and/or two years equivalent work experience. Minimum of 3 years experience in an Information Technology environment. Experience with Windows and Linux Operating Systems. Experience with SIEM solutions i.e. Fortinet, Splunk, LogPoint, Solarwinds. Previous IT Security experience and/or certification preferred (CISSP, GIAC, CCSP) Certifications in Microsoft, Cisco, Checkpoint, Linux, etc., an asset. Experience with computer network penetration testing and techniques. Understanding of firewalls, proxies, antivirus, and IDPS concepts. Ability to identify and mitigate network vulnerabilities and explain how to avoid them. Understanding of patch management with the ability to deploy patches in a timely manner while understanding business impact. Strong organizational, analytical and communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID434:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Communication des rapports de contrôle quotidiens du matin Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous travaillerez dans un environnement Agile (Scrum). Au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux; Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes; Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée; Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique; Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents; Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes; Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista Montréal – Centre-Ville Assurances et vacances en plus de bénéfices concurrentiels Balance travail-famille aisée Systèmes de croissance personnels :
Cours
Certifications
Cyber apprentissage
etc. Cours Certifications Cyber apprentissage etc. Une communauté internationale d’experts prêts à partager leurs connaissances Une culture d’entreprise axée sur les besoins des individus et leurs appartenances à une communauté forte 
ScrapedJobID435:

ScrapedJobID436:
Analyze incoming security signals in real time with a balance of accuracy and speed using a variety of forensic tools Apply investigative tools, techniques and procedures (TTPs), use your understanding of the security threats associated with the incoming signals and follow defined runbooks to determine and execute the relevant actions Perform whitelisting/filtering of false positive signals For confirmed true positive signals, you will alert clients using defined templates and escalate high priority alerts to clients by phone Block malicious network traffic and isolate infected hosts on customers networks Add malicious IOC’s to eSentire’s Global Blacklist for all customers where appropriate. Complete basic-intermediate client support requests/queries assigned by the operations lead. Work directly with clients via email/phone as needed to complete these tasks Handle some service administration and troubleshooting tasks Relevant degree in Computer Science, IT Security, IT Management, IT Support or related discipline or up to 3+ years equivalent experience. Degree course or industry experience must include a strong focus on networking and security. Keen interest in Cyber Security with foundational knowledge of network and endpoint security technologies including; Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Snort/Suricata Packet Capture (PCAP) Analysis using Wireshark Windows system internals, basic knowledge of PowerShell Linux Kernel and basic scripting (Bash/Python) knowledge Analytical mind with strong attention to detail and a commitment to quality of service Strong customer facing written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate complex security concepts with end customers. Natural ability to thrive in a fast-paced and time sensitive environment Ability to work in an operational/shift-based environment with flexible working hours to include evenings and weekends 
ScrapedJobID437:
Assist in the implementation and configuration of new IT systems and infrastructure. Assist in the improvement and maintenance of existing IT systems and infrastructure Participate in change management as required. Monitor information security processes and ensure compliance with related policies and procedures. Support Mobile device management. Support in patch management of Servers, Laptops and Desktops Assist in the maintenance, active monitoring, and triple redundant backup of 60 plus virtualized servers. Assist in the continuous data and voice network maintenance across all sites Assist in the continuous monitoring of IT systems across all sites Updates to IT related knowledge base articles, as required. Assist in the inventory management of all IT equipment Assist in ensuring disaster recovery processes are in place to address infrastructure disturbances. Assist in proactive cyber security and response Assist in coordinating IT vendors as required Create and maintain documentation for use by the IT operations teams Support Tickets management (Escalations and closures) Participate in on call rotation as scheduled College degree in the field of computer science or information systems Minimum 3 years’ as a Systems Administration Minimum 5 years’ as a Systems Administration 
ScrapedJobID438:
Provide security expertise to engineering and development teams, acting as a project team member providing consulting advise ensuring security requirements are integrated in the project. Provide specific security expertise to engineering teams by identifying and creating patterns and blueprints for repeatable security, infrastructure and application instantiations. Blueprints and patterns may address such areas as network design, database access, authentication methods, encryption requirements, key management, entitlement design, identity management, logging, input validation, secure data transfer among others. This involves liaising with other technology subject matter experts to build consensus, outlining areas of improvement in written form and explaining concerns early on. Identify areas of risk on projects where security requirements cannot be fully addressed in the required time frame of the project. Document and present those risks to senior business, IT and Security team members. Help identify areas of security the firm might want to invest in improve IT security. Product security case reports to document and highlight specific risks along with potential mitigations. 8 to 10 years of information security experience Excellent communication / interpersonal skills to be able to interact at all levels & be effective as part of a broader team, capable of taking broad objectives and create and execute a concrete plan- Ability to influence and engage with senior management Ability to manage expectations and handle high-pressure situations with tight deadlines Experience in an information security (application and/or infrastructure) role in an enterprise environment. 2+ years Hands-on experience with popular Cloud Vendors and technologies such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure. Ability to quickly adapt to changing priorities and demands Ability to write documentation for all types of audiences, from very specific technical guides to 9 higher level research on technologies and vendors. Ability to work independently, and self-motivate Demonstrated ability to see through sales pitches to find inconsistencies and omissions to quickly identify the most effective areas to look for controls gaps, and the technical ability to follow through." Experience with PKI Experience with Modern Authentication Technologies such as OAuth2, OpenID Connect and SAML 2.0 Experience with Docker or other Linux Container technologies Experience with Kubernetes or similar workload orchestration Knowledge of traditional network technologies, such as firewalls, NAT, Load balancers, and web proxies Experience with Software Defined Networking Technologies Experience with infrastructure as code tools, such as Hashicorp Terraform Experience with CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of traditional security concepts such as patch/vulnerability management, input validation, authentication, authorization" 
ScrapedJobID439:
Guide the IT Security team in the delivery of security solutions and infrastructure architecture. Acts as a senior resource in regard to developing and delivering strategic security initiatives. Develops security initiatives and designs for security best practices with a focus on strategic and complex security solutions, in conjunction with the Corporate Security team. Acts as a communication lesson/single point of contact for security incident management between the IT Security team and corporate security. Defines Northwestel’s requirements, architecture and design for security solutions with a focus on Identity Management solutions and/or Infrastructure Protection solutions i.e. Firewalls, VPNs, VOIP, Intrusion prevention/detection, Access controls, Perimeter security, secure content including Network Access Control (NAC), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), etc. Reports security metrics, provided by the Analyst, IT Security, to Northwestel management and or Corporate Security for assessment and possible review for the Information Security Steering Committee (ISSC). Approves vendor choices and establishing product/vendor selection criteria. Leads and coaches security staff in the delivery of new technologies and mandates. Develops and maintains IT Security preparedness plans and procedures to cope with information security breaches/incidents. Contributes to the continuous growth of the Security Solutions practice through mentorship, identification of new opportunities and development of security solutions. Available for occasional travel and call-outs after normal business hours in the event of a security incident. A Bachelor or College degree in Computer Science, System Engineering or one or more of the following professional designations or equivalent experience and the willingness to obtain certifications within the first year: SANS GIAC, CISSP, CISM, JNCIA-JUNOS, JNCIS-SA, technical certifications with major vendors i.e. Fortinet, Cisco, Symantec, RSA, Juniper, CA, Oracle, VMware with a minimum of ten (10) years experience in IT. Five (5) years experience providing technical architecture expertise on Security Solutions in a large corporate environment, focusing on solution implementation. Experience providing detailed technical architecture and integration expertise with major Vendor solutions i.e. Cisco, HP, Symantec, RSA, Juniper, CA, Oracle, VMware, etc. An understanding of PCI, NIST, ITIL, or other compliance frameworks are considered assets. Business acumen coupled with a strong understanding of project methodology and the ability to manage complex deliveries or programs from a pre-implementation and design perspective. Excellent communication, presentation, documentation and interpersonal skills are a requirement for this position with an ability to communicate complex technical points to others at the technical, user and management levels. Proven leadership skills including team development, performance management and the ability to reorganizing workloads to accommodate for changing priorities. As part of the recruitment process for this position, candidates may be required to take pre-employment tests and/or complete work simulation exercise to assess job fit 
ScrapedJobID440:
Effectuer du développement sur des environnements multi-cloud (privés avec OpenShift, publics avec AWS, GCP-GKE); Automatiser la gestion complète des cycles de vie des certificats applicatifs : création, révocation, renouvellement (à la Let’s Encrypt); Gérer les secrets applicatifs en utilisant une solution de voutes (ex : Hashicorp Vault); Assurer la gestion complète des ouvertures de flux en utilisant l'infrastructure en tant que code (Infrastructure as code) :
Intégrer les solutions de numérisation (scanning) de sécurité;
Sécuriser les différents processus du CI-CD (exemple : signature des images Docker). Intégrer les solutions de numérisation (scanning) de sécurité; Sécuriser les différents processus du CI-CD (exemple : signature des images Docker). Collaboration (Jira/Confluence); Gestion de code source (Git-Bitbucket); Serveurs d’intégration continue (Jenkins 2 avec concept de pipeline as code); Gestion d’artéfacts (Nexus, Artifactory); Rapport et tableaux de bords (SonarQube); Provisionnement (Ansible, Terraform); Plus d’outils de provisionnement et d’orchestration (Docker/k8s); Communication avec les équipes dans les langues française et anglaise. Niveau espéré :
Français : 4/4
Anglais : 3/4
40008 #LI-Remote Français : 4/4 Anglais : 3/4
40008 #LI-Remote Horaire de travail de 37.5h/semaine; Opportunité de développer votre plan de carrière; Diversité de technologies, de projets, de clients et de secteurs; Environnement propice à la création et à l’innovation; Partage de connaissances avec une équipe agile et expérimentée; Harmonie entre la vie professionnelle et personnelle; Accès à de la formation continue (à l’interne, conférences, événements, cours, certifications, etc.); Reconnaissance de tous les employés et de leur apport personnel; Grande diversité culturelle au sein de l’ensemble de nos équipes. 
ScrapedJobID441:
Analyze application and infrastructure telemetry to identify new network attacks and malware. Collaborate with the broader threat intelligence research community to understand attacks, how to detect them, and how to prevent them. Become the security champion to help our development teams in protecting Tigera's products Operationalize this knowledge to help our customers detect or prevent attacks in the wild. Develop detection or prevention rules that fit into our existing intrusion detection and prevention frameworks Pioneer new frameworks and techniques that keep our customers one step ahead of attackers. Ability to work with a “security mindset” including adversarial thinking, threat modelling, and defense in depth. Extensive experience analyzing application and infrastructure telemetry (application logs, network flow logs, audit logs, metrics, core dumps, etc.) for indicators of compromise. Extensive experience helping to secure real-world, production systems. Solid numerical programming skills A drive to get things done in a highly collaborative, agile development environment. BS in CS or related / similar degree (equivalent experience may suffice). Experience applying machine learning to adversarial threat detection problems Experience with container-based clusters like Kubernetes, Docker, or Mesos Experience securing applications in public clouds like AWS, Azure, or GCE Experience in an early-stage startup Experience contributing to open source projects 
ScrapedJobID442:
Develop, implement, and manage the overall enterprise process for security strategy and associated architecture and engineering standards. Develop and implement policies, standards and guidelines related to corporate security. Oversee the continuous monitoring and protection of facilities, personnel, and information systems. Evaluate suspected security breaches and recommend corrective actions (including incidents involving outside vendors). Serve as the enterprise focal point for security incident response planning and execution. Manage a team of skilled security analysts that perform various tasks and projects. Define and implement an ongoing MindGeek Risk Assessment program, which will define, identify, and classify critical assets, assess threats and vulnerabilities regarding those assets, and implement safeguard recommendations. Assist Internal Audits in the development of appropriate criteria needed to assess the level of new/existing applications and/or technology infrastructure elements for compliance with enterprise security standards. Establish and monitor formal certification programs regarding enterprise security standards relating to the planned acquisition and/or procurement of new applications or technologies. Assist in the review of applications and/or technology environments during the development or acquisitions process to (a) assure compliance with corporate security policies and directions and (b) assist in the overall integration process regarding MindGeek's own technology environment. Oversee the development of, and be the enterprise champion of, a corporate security awareness and training program. Manage security functions related to corporate information systems or data centers, working closely with the Director of Information Security. Evaluate changes to the corporate environment for security impact and present findings to management. Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience Minimum 1 year of management experience Excellent leadership skills Ability to weigh business risks and enforce appropriate security measures Ability to work in fast paced, rapidly changing environment Ability to work variable schedules as required Desire to learn and constantly push your limits Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong analytical and reporting skills Understanding of attack vectors and methodologies Experience with Linux and Windows Operating Systems' security Experience with open source and commercial security assessment tools Experience managing popular cloud services Standards-based architecture with an understanding of how to get there, including compliance monitoring and enforceability Knowledge of forensic investigation and reverse engineering techniques Knowledge of web development languages (HTML, JS, PHP, MySQL, etc.) Knowledge of Secure Software Development Life Cycle 
ScrapedJobID443:
Lead the design and development of the Fusion Centre Intelligence program, including framework, processes and procedures; in consultation with Fusion and cross-pillar teams; providing substantive expertise on intelligence tradecraft, best-practices and collection & analysis techniques. Establish, operationalize and manage a complete intelligence cycle, including requirements, planning and direction, processing, exploitation, analysis, production, dissemination and an effective intelligence-consumer feedback process which enables continual calibration, prioritization and tuning to maximize intelligence gains and effectiveness. Perform coordination and quality assurance activities. Set priorities and shape the activities and capabilities of Fusion intelligence to ensure that cross-pillar information, intelligence and data is effectively aggregated, structured, collated, verified and contextualized so that linkages and interrelationships are discerned across pillars and effective analysis is undertaken to evaluate, interpret and transform information into finished intelligence products which are concise, straight-forward, objective, timely and accurate and which draw appropriate analytical conclusions and subsequently convey the finished intelligence to the consumer in a usable form which supports decision makers to take action to mitigate threats and reduce losses. Align Fusion intelligence activities to contribute to the strategic priorities and initiatives of the broader CIBC Fraud and Fusion group while achieving tactical success by meeting objectives and advancing the Fusion’s Centre’s mandate and mission. Support delivery of Fusion and organizational programs, as required, highlighting opportunities for efficiencies and improvements within operational methods and workflows. Identify issues and incidents of significance; determine the impact/urgency/ audience and take action to share required intelligence for operational and investigative responses. Contribute to problem and event management efforts as required, working with Fusion peers to ensure resolution as quickly and efficiently as possible. Proactively identify potential Fusion use cases and ensure relevant stakeholders are engaged; supporting the use case as required. Coordinate the Fusion Centre daily intelligence briefing which brings key CIBC stakeholders together from across the Corporate Security, Information Security and Fraud domains and creates a dedicated and consistent information sharing environment for the CIBC security community. Ensure the effectiveness of the daily briefing through continual evolution and calibration to best meet participant and Fusion needs; pursuing a holistic view of how the top security priorities and threat issues will shape the day ahead. Promote a shared sense of mission to protect our clients and our bank through a culture of information sharing and collaboration. Develop strong cross-functional relationships with colleagues across pillars and externally, including vendors and industry peers, to facilitate two-way information sharing to advance and support of Fusion Centre objectives. Assist in the development and provision of metrics, KPI, KRI, OKRs and dashboards as required. Participate in strategic planning and & roadmaps for intelligence and / or other Fusion Centre capabilities and deliver operational aspect of projects pertaining to these capabilities as required. Assist the Fusion Liaison Program in leveraging partnerships across FIs to enhance visibility & interoperability with respect to shared threats. Create contact reports as required to enable a repository which captures details of key partners and engagements, tracks operational information exchanged & commitments made and articulates partner perspectives, motivations, goals and approaches. Contribute to the leadership team and support the achievement of the business unit’s priorities and CIBC’s overall goals; Assist with building Fusion intelligence and individual capabilities by assisting in the development of less experienced employees, including providing informal feedback, explaining how performance expectations align with business priorities and creating a positive work environment and being an effective role model; Comply with policies, standards, guidelines and controls. Supporting a culture of continuous development and improvement by: Assisting with training and coaching of less experienced staff Giving and receiving feedback; Undertaking special projects with internal and external stakeholders, as assigned / required. You can demonstrate experience in 8-10 years of experience in information/cybersecurity, fraud, or physical security including management roles. Four-year university degree or college diploma and 3 years relevant leadership and work experience. Advanced management and leadership skills sufficient to lead and mobilize professional staff to achieve results, deliver on priorities, improve outcomes and add value. Ability to anticipate, plan, monitor and adjust as needed while inspiring, motivating and managing employees through constructive and respectful feedback which encourages and enables performance excellence. Exceptional ability to communicate in a clear, concise & logical manner, verbally and in writing; sufficient to convey complex information/ideas on issues involving interpretation and opinion, capable of ensuring senior leaders are kept aware of issues and provided informed and timely advice. Similarly exceptional at communicating with staff on priorities and issues in a manner which fosters accountability and transparency and conveys context for decision-making. Strategic orientation with ability to act tactically, setting conditions for team success. Strong influencing skills to represent and promote the Fusion Centre vision and mandate among pillar counterparts and / or Executives. Self-motivated and able to self-initiate and work independently. Tolerates ambiguity and has the capacity to shift priorities, change style and respond with new approaches as needed to deal with the demands of changing requirements. Is resilient through unforeseen circumstances. Comprehensive knowledge of financial crimes. You can demonstrate Exceptional problem solving skills to creatively develop unique approaches and solutions that are necessary to address complex problems; the ability to anticipate and handle obstacles and propose solutions while demonstrating judgement and critical thinking which considers context, risk, impact and CIBC policies. Exceptional relationship management skills; ability to build strong relationships internally and externally with multiple stakeholders. Deliberate and resourceful in seeking out the widest possible spectrum of perspectives and capable of openness and flexibility to bring whole-of-organization perspective to interactions. Enhanced analytical capabilities sufficient to oversee broad intelligence analysis, including the review of draft products to validate accuracy and reliability and ensure outputs provide appropriate insights and recommendations. Ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism and integrity; capable of creating a trusting work environment where the expression of diverse perspectives is encouraged. Capacity to foster a healthy, diverse, inclusive and accessible work environment where all employees feel valued, respected and supported. Ability to identify, encourage and support employee training and career development by providing active coaching and mentoring to develop talent and position the organization for success. Ability to exercise proper stewardship of the team’s capabilities to help ensure continuity through staff rotations and transitions. Ability to delegate effectively and direct work in a flexible manner. Ability to demonstrate to self-awareness and seek opportunities for professional learning and development. Capacity to cultivate and demonstrate knowledge of broader organizational issues, leveraging information from a variety of internal and external sources to stay current on developing news items, trends and issues that may impact CIBC. You put our clients first . You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. You understand that success is in the details . You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID444:
Recommend security initiatives by priority for next 2 years and assist in creating the information security Maintain and execute security roadmap projects leveraging internal and external service providers as required Conduct security assessments for new and existing applications and report on action item completion. Cloud security reviews and configuration. Periodically conduct IT control maturity assessments. Assist in development of the monthly Cyber Security report. Maintain security scorecards i.e. OSFI & CIS TOP 20. Administer cyber security awareness program. Assist in development of Information Security standards, policies and toolsets. Assist in coordinating 3rd party penetration/network assessments Assist in facilitating internal and external IT audits. Security incident handling with support, Enterprise Risk, and management. Assist in development of formal incident response plan (IRP) and to conduct regular testing. Bachelor’s degree or technical certificate. Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in within the information security function. Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in administering Windows domains. One or more of Industry security certifications such as Security+, CCNA +Security, SSCP, CISSP Associate, CEH, GCIH, SCYBER, CISA, OSCP required. Knowledgeable in running an in-house security operation, hybrid, or in the management of a 3rd party SOC vendor. Advanced working knowledge and understanding of technical and administrative controls for web, application, client/server, database and network security Proficient knowledge of systems and application development, system integration methodologies, IT best practices, and information Proficient experience in security and compliance Proficient experience with assessing and auditing network controls such as firewalls, IDS/IDP, DNS, VPN, 2-factor authentication, port/packet filtering, VLANs, physical and logical separation of network segments, security zoning, and traffic Advanced working knowledge and understanding of Azure and AWS cloud Proficient knowledge ISO 27001/2, COBIT and Member of ISSA, ISACA or part of the local information security or assurance community would be an Proficiency with NIST, SABSA, TOGAF and other industry best practices an asset. 
ScrapedJobID445:

ScrapedJobID446:
Represent first stage of vertical escalation Be the point of contact, coordinator and mediator for all Priority 1 & 2 (Major) Incidents Global coordination and management of operational activities Responsible for planning and coordinating all the activities required to perform, monitor, and report on the incident management process Responsible for the implementation of the Incident Management Process Create, produce and analyze reporting for KPIs and ticket management Monitor the tickets to ensure that the SLA's are respected Identify trends and patterns, initiate, schedule and conduct ticket reviews Ensures Quality Control for Customer Support process Establish continuous improvement cycles where the people, performance, activities, responsibilities, policies, procedures and supporting technology are reviewed and enhanced Track service & process improvements and report on progress. Ensures compliance to global operational standards, procedures and best practices. Always ensures protection of customer systems and information Position includes on-call duties Bachelor's in computer science or equivalent 5+ years' experience in a Customer/Technical Support environment Strong communication skills (written/spoken) Well-organized with attention to detail Good customer-approach/very customer-centric ITIL-Foundation SaaS knowledge and experience Good general technical knowledge and understanding 
ScrapedJobID447:

ScrapedJobID448:
Key Certifications: CISSP, OSCP, CSSLP, CISA, GDPR, PCI, and DLP. Industry knowledge and an understanding of business issues. 20+ years of Software Security and Software Development experience. 20+ years of IT security and risk management experience. 20+ years of large and complex IT implementation experience. A clear understanding of regulatory, privacy, and industry best practices. Experience in working with IT audit support initiatives. Designing, implementing, and maintaining information security protocols, policies, plans, and systems to address cyber security threats and vulnerabilities. Performing cyber security threat risk assessments. Meeting with clients to discuss existing and targeted security measures, frameworks, roadmaps, systems, applications, and other cyber security-related matters. Overseeing and managing meetings with IT departments to address cyber security events, incident response and other protocols and procedures. Identifying methods and ways to protect systems, networks, software, data and information systems against any potential cyber security event. Providing a coordinated response to complex cyber-attacks that threaten company’s assets, intellectual property, and computer systems. Contributing to the development and improvement of security monitoring and incident response processes and solutions to support cyber security programs. Overseeing and implementing vulnerability and penetration testing, application monitoring, and other testing. Compiling and presenting reports of test results. Training key stakeholders on a wide-range of cyber security awareness topics, concepts, requirements, standards, and procedures. Outstanding communication skills and ability to present in a clear, concise, and cohesive way for clients and key stakeholders. Excellent analytical, organizational, and decision-making skills. Relevant cloud, IT, and cyber security experience and interest. Relevant IT and cyber security degree or certifications. Excellent technical skills for building and improving security architecture aligned with business objectives and requirements. Knowledge of data protection best practices. Knowledge and certification ion cloud security: Azure, AWS, and GCP. 
ScrapedJobID449:
Setting up and maintaining SOC technologies such as FortiAnalyzer and FotiSOAR for daily operations Monitor SOC technologies and infrastructure for availability and security Help with expanding and scaling SOC infrastructure on Fortinet private cloud Help with debugging Fortinet products used in SOC and collaborate with product Dev\QA teams Help with maintaining staging environment and doing required tests Help with supporting SOC team on use case development Help with report creation using PostgreSQL for SOC triage, threat hunting and other purposes Help with automation and SOAR playbook development Experience with Security products and technologies. Fortinet products is a bonus. Experience with IT service management such as Configuration, change and incident management. Hands-on experience with private cloud technologies. Hand-on experience with reporting tools. PosgreSQL experience is a bonus. Hands-on experience with Security technologies such as SIEM and SOAR. Hands-on experience with Linux and bash scripting. Hands-on experience with Python Scripting and API programming. QA and DevOps experience is a bonus. Understanding of SOC operations and Incident Response Life cycle. Experience in SOC is desired. Understanding of Cyber Kill chain, threat vectors and threat intelligence Understanding of layered security at data, OS and network levels Understanding Cybersecurity Frameworks and compliance requirements Understanding of network concepts, common protocols and services Understanding SDLC and Software Build management. Team player, Solution-focused, Conflict management skills Multi-tasking, Time and Stress management skills Self-directed, takes initiatives, Open to new challenges and learning opportunities Understands the importance of discipline, consistency and communication Good verbal and written communication skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Security or related field. Security certifications are desired. 
ScrapedJobID450:
IDS/IPS management and Firewall Administration: implement new policies, rules optimization / hardening, perform firmware updates Proficient with managing security appliances and services via command line, scripts, and API AD Domain: Policy Management and AD Integration with various security solutions (i.e., IAM/PAM) Cloud Security: familiar with the security solutions specific to AWS and/or MS Azure Monitor/Maintain/Support: VPNs, Security Infrastructure, Security Apps & Tools. SIEM: demonstrate proficiency with events correlation and data / logs analysis Security Notifications: create Alerts with multiple Criticality levels, and Reports Security Documentation: create / update guides, diagrams, knowledge base articles Uphold security standards and best practices, as well as internal conventions (KUBRA) Demonstrate knowledge and experience in Security Architecture and also with Networking - infrastructure / topology, and protocols (implementation and monitoring) Provide security oversight whenever a firewall policy change is required (i.e. a new system is deployed or a new service is implemented) Participate in Security investigations (i.e. analyze firewall / SIEM logs and events, in response to incidents, production problems or suspicious traffic) Participate to the Remediation effort in case of problems (i.e. apply security patches, updates or fixes in response to various findings - gaps or vulnerabilities) Degree or equivalent Experience in Computer Information Systems Incident Handler certification (i.e. E|CIH, GCIH, IHRP, CSIH, CIHE) is highly desirable Other relevant certifications that are considered an asset include: PCI ISA/QSA, CISA, TOGAF, CCIE, CCNA Security / CCNP Security Inquisitive / analytic, paying attention to details. Able to effectively discriminate the relevant logs / security events from noise Multitasking / able to handle multiple tasks and projects concurrently A minimum of 8 years’ experience in an IT security related position 5+ years of experience in the management of Enterprise Firewalls (Cisco, Barracuda, Palo Alto), WAFs, Network Infrastructure, Active Directory/Domain policies, Antivirus, and/or IDS/IPS/Advanced Threat Protection (e.g., Crowdstrike, Wildfire, Sourcefire) 4+ years of experience with: Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) solution deployment and configuration (i.e., Qradar / Log Rhythm) and/or Security Monitoring solutions 4+ years of experience in Systems/Network Administration. Prior experience with Cloud based services (AWS/Azure) is considered a strong asset Prior experience architecting information security solutions considered a strong asset Knowledge of PCI compliance controls and experience in an environment to which these controls were applicable – PCI Level I experience preferred A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program including job shadowing from your first 30 days up to six months A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID451:
Active participation in the delivery of solutions: pre-configuration, detailed architecture, installation, configuration, integration, validation, troubleshooting, progress reports and various documentation; Installation, configuration and testing of solutions at client sites: problem resolution, ticket opening and tracking and escalation process as needed; Assistance to sales teams to understand the solutions in the practice: roadmap of supported solutions, knowledge transfer, etc..; Participation in the design of the architectures required to meet customer needs, including the accuracy of the estimates provided; Development and maintenance of relationships with clients, internal partners, strategic partners and other complementary partners; Participation in the delivery of consulting services mandates (architecture, strategic consulting, etc.); Occasionally, participation in the preparation of complex proposals / bids. 5 years of expertise in networking and security; Bilingualism English-French written and spoken: client presentations and frequent writing of documents; Recognized experience as a solutions integrator; Strong interpersonal skills; Excellent networking skills: LAN, WAN, routing, wireless, etc..; Excellent knowledge of security: NGFW, VPN, IPS, URLS, endpoint protection, threat prevention, etc..; Knowledge of Cisco solutions; Knowledge of Check Point solutions is an asset; Ability to keep up to date with the latest technological developments; CCNP certification; CCIE certification, an asset. 
ScrapedJobID452:
Ensures that course curricula are current, relevant and reflective of best practices within the relevant Creates an effective environment for learning which accommodates students’ diverse cultural and Develops and implements course learning outcomes and alternative delivery strategies, ensuring Assures that students are aware of all relevant learning outcomes, learning strategies and Assesses student achievement of learning outcomes and supports student progress through Develops multi-media materials and alternative delivery strategies, and incorporates appropriate Liaises effectively with internal and external partners to create and maintain a collaborative and Relevant diploma or degree Recent, relevant experience in cyber security within the last 3 years A proven commitment to achieving and developing excellence in others A commitment to lifelong learning in the field A proven ability to work within a collaborative environment, demonstrating flexibility Exceptional communication and organizational skills Advanced computer literacy and a demonstrated willingness to acquire and use learning tools (such Demonstrated effective interpersonal and problem-solving, conflict and stress management skills Experience developing, delivering and evaluating curriculum is an asset Experience facilitating learning at the post-secondary/adult level demonstrating a commitment to Experience training others 
ScrapedJobID453:
Cyber Assessments and road-mapping, network & infrastructure security, cyber transformation, threat detection, incident response, vulnerability management, security governance, risk and compliance, security architecture, data protection, privacy, security awareness, cloud security 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID454:
Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Demonstrate ability to assimilate new knowledge. Demonstrate and apply a thorough understanding of complex information systems. Use knowledge of the current IT environment and industry trends to identify vulnerabilities and communicate this information to the engagement team and client management through written correspondence and verbal presentations. Contribute to people-related initiatives, including development, coaching, recruiting, training, and retaining staff. Maintain an educational program to continually develop the personal skills of yourself and other operators. Understand and follow workplace policies and procedures. Undergraduate or masters’ degree preferably in one of the following areas: Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, other related majors, or other equivalent work experience 3+ years of recent offensive security experience (internal and external penetration testing, Red Teaming, social engineering, etc.) Possession of certifications such as OSCP, OSCE, GPEN, RTO, ePTX, etc. Experience in working independently or as part of a large team to deliver offensive Cyber services as standalone deliverables or within large, complex projects. Expertise in developing malware and custom tooling that remains undetected by enterprise endpoint protections Experience with performing manual and automated OSINT collection and organizing findings Strong knowledge of modern offensive security tools and frameworks, such as Bloodhound, nmap, Impacket, etc. Familiarity with all stages in the Cyber Kill Chain and the MITRE ATT&CK Framework Excellent interpersonal, written, verbal, communication, and presentation skills Practical experience with conducting penetration tests and red team assessments Excellent analytical skills and knowledge of data analytics methods Demonstrated leadership abilities Security Clearance is preferred or ability to obtain Security Clearance Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID455:
Ensure that business requirements are clearly identified, prioritized and satisfied by appropriate technical and or business process solutions. Help identify and address business opportunities with innovative business architectures. Proposes system requirements and/or business process changes to fulfill business user requirements, ensuring system development or business process solutions. Demonstrates strong business domain knowledge and ability to communicate technical problems & impact into business language. The individual will be a strong advisor to our business partners and will have close interactions with them frequently. Ensures projects align with the business and ITS strategies, influencing the development of plans and processes in supported organizations. Elicit, analyze, document and validate business requirements or user stories, process flows, identifying system and process solution components, producing functional specifications for solution components and for the integrated solutions. Preparation of Requirements Matrix, Use Cases, User Stories, Test Cases, as per various methodologies, scrum, kanban, as well as waterfall Interact with Systems Analyst/Programmers to ensure that questions and discrepancies about specifications are resolved during the solution development process. Communicates with project managers, application developers, subject matter experts, end users, and Rogers' senior management. Organizes assumptions and probes for refined data and provides analysis. Identifies and highlights problem areas, gaps or conflicts derived from information gathered. Extends awareness of risks associated with application development and potential impacts, incorporating risk planning and mitigation. Provides testing input across functions and develops and conducts small group training. Validate individual functions and the overall solution delivery, and may be directly involved in the test process. Conduct project review sessions, obtain sign offs, and coordinate acceptance tests to ensure timely delivery of requirements. Works closely with third party technology vendors; ability to challenge the vendor design to ensure what is being built satisfies the needs of our business partners Understands impact of integrating third party solutions to overall systems architecture. Assist with post implementation support 5+ years of business systems analyst experience. PMP strongly preferred. Must have experience in modelling operational processes and identifying improvements. Skills required include Power BI, Visio, Advanced Excel. Experience with cyber security risk assessments using industry standards such as ISF and NIST Previous experience working in cyber security teams, such as risk assessment, incident response, or network security. Strong attention to detail and analytical skills to assess contractual terms, to evaluate and communicate impact and recommend alternatives. Ability to work as part of a team and work under own initiative. Consistently demonstrate professionalism and discretion with sensitivity in handling confidential information. 
ScrapedJobID456:
Deployment, automation, management, and maintenance of AWS cloud-based production system. Ensuring availability, performance, security, and scalability of AWS production systems. Management of creation, release, and configuration of production systems. Providing System troubleshooting and problem resolution across various application domains and platforms. Provision of critical system security by leveraging best practices and prolific cloud security solutions. Designing, maintenance and management of tools for automation of different operational processes. Must be able to work within tight deadlines and schedules which may result in external work hours to meet project deliverables. 5+ years of hands-on experience of programming in languages such as Python, Ruby, Java web development technologies Experience with automating cloud native technologies, deploying applications, and provisioning infrastructure. Hands-on experience with Infrastructure as Code. Experience implementing and designing cloud native security concepts, DevSecOps, or MLOps. Experience developing cloud native CI/CD workflows and tools, such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity, Code Deploy (AWS) and/or GitLab. Hands-on experience with microservices and distributed application architecture, such as containers, Kubernetes, and/or serverless technology. Experience with the full software development lifecycle and delivery using Agile practices. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewall. Experience with monitoring and log aggregating frameworks such as Kafka, Logstash, Splunk, ElastiSearch, and Kibana. Relevant post-secondary education or equivalent working experience. Experience in supporting applications in a high volume, online transaction processing, 24x7 environment. Knowledge of and experience with SDLC and Agile methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID457:
Assist IT operations team in defining baselines for the secure configuration of all devices. Assist IT operations team in defining baselines for the secure configuration of all devices. Maintain operational configurations of all security solutions as per the established baselines. Maintain operational configurations of all security solutions as per the established baselines. Review logs and reports of all installed devices, whether they be under direct control (i.e., security tools) or not (i.e., workstations, servers, network devices, etc.). Interpret the implications of that activity and devise plans for appropriate resolution. Review logs and reports of all installed devices, whether they be under direct control (i.e., security tools) or not (i.e., workstations, servers, network devices, etc.). Interpret the implications of that activity and devise plans for appropriate resolution. Lead and conduct vulnerability assessments and delivering clear, actionable reports. Lead and conduct vulnerability assessments and delivering clear, actionable reports. Lead in the design and execution of vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and information security audits. Lead in the design and execution of vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and information security audits. Lead the planning and design of enterprise security architecture. Lead the planning and design of enterprise security architecture. Lead in the creation of enterprise security documents, i.e. policies and standards. Lead in the creation of enterprise security documents, i.e. policies and standards. Provide oversight and contribute to the design and deployment of infrastructure and application solutions. Provide oversight and contribute to the design and deployment of infrastructure and application solutions. Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge and awareness information security risks, solutions, new attacks and threat vectors. Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge and awareness information security risks, solutions, new attacks and threat vectors. Recommend additional security solutions or enhancements to existing security solutions to improve overall enterprise security. Recommend additional security solutions or enhancements to existing security solutions to improve overall enterprise security. Problem-solving mentality leveraging internal and/or external resources. Problem-solving mentality leveraging internal and/or external resources. Exceptional written communication and strong verbal communication skills. Exceptional written communication and strong verbal communication skills. Experience with non-technical attacks and social engineering. Experience with non-technical attacks and social engineering. Technical Diploma or University degree in Computer Science or related filed One or more of the following certifications preferred: (ISC)2 - CISSP, CSSLP, CCSP
GIAC - GSEC, GCIH, GCIA, GCFE, GWAPT or GPEE (ISC)2 - CISSP, CSSLP, CCSP (ISC)2 - CISSP, CSSLP, CCSP GIAC - GSEC, GCIH, GCIA, GCFE, GWAPT or GPEE GIAC - GSEC, GCIH, GCIA, GCFE, GWAPT or GPEE Solid understanding of modern authentication protocols and a background in cyber security.& 
ScrapedJobID458:
Optimize network and systems to improve availability, performance, stability, and integrity Identify and implement pro-active measures for preventing issues Identify, analyze, and resolve complex issues related to hardware, software, operating systems, and networks Support DevOps practices using “Infrastructure as Code” methods Design and implement physical and virtual servers, storage, and network infrastructure Maintain security compliance to protect client data and intellectual property Automate processes to reduce effort and improve quality Ensure successful implementation, testing, and improvement of business continuity procedures Accelerate your career through industry-recognized training and certifications. Contribute to documentation for planning, designs, standards, and procedures Provide training and knowledge transfers Collaboration with teams in the USA and Canada Participate in paid on-call rotation. Conducted root cause analysis, troubleshooting, and effective resolution of complex issues Can find and build toolsets to increase productivity (e.g. scripts, utilities) Experience gathering requirements, designing, planning, and implementing technical solutions 6+ years collective experience in designing and maintaining the following:
Windows servers
Virtualization stack
Networking
Cloud technologies Windows servers Virtualization stack Networking Cloud technologies In-depth knowledge of the following:
Windows Server
Linux
Virtualization technology (Microsoft Hyper-V preferred)
Core services (ADS, DNS, DHCP, SD-WAN)
Switches, routers, and firewalls
Storage technologies (SAN, DAS, Compellent)
Backup and disaster recovery technologies (ASR)
Microsoft System Center suite of products (SCCM, VMM, CM, DPM)
Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure preferred)
Cloud automation and Infrastructure API’s
Monitoring systems (RMM) Windows Server Linux Virtualization technology (Microsoft Hyper-V preferred) Core services (ADS, DNS, DHCP, SD-WAN) Switches, routers, and firewalls Storage technologies (SAN, DAS, Compellent) Backup and disaster recovery technologies (ASR) Microsoft System Center suite of products (SCCM, VMM, CM, DPM) Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure preferred) Cloud automation and Infrastructure API’s Monitoring systems (RMM) Exposure to:
Privileged Remote Access
SIEM
Vulnerability scanning and remediation
SecOps
Terraform and other automation tools Privileged Remote Access SIEM Vulnerability scanning and remediation SecOps Terraform and other automation tools Associates or Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or a similar degree is preferred Microsoft certification is desired (MS Azure Administrator) A competitive pay scale commensurate with your skills and expertise. A generous medical, dental, and vision benefits plan along with retirement plans. A fantastic work environment complete with an on-premise lounge area with pool table, gourmet coffee machines, outdoor patio lounge, large kitchen/dining area, and office area sleep rooms. (When it is deemed safe to return to the office, you will be able to enjoy these perks) An opportunity to grow both personally and professionally through our CX Academy. Freedom to present solutions and ideas in an environment that fosters trust, respect, and service. Work/life balance is something we are really committed to, not something we just talk about. We believe you should love your work and your play. Numerous opportunities to create community game lunch hours, CX Giving Partnership, summer picnics, our Annual Awards banquet, and lots of other great activities throughout the year. (These activities will resume when it is once again safe) A commitment to corporate transparency with quarterly all-company meetings 
ScrapedJobID459:
Flexible working hours Competitive total rewards package with health and dental flex dollars, a discounted gym membership and employee store discount Profit-sharing and other performance recognition programs Social responsibility through our commitment to communities and sustainability World-class leadership, with thought leaders from the Cybersecurity space working in-house The opportunity to work with innovative minds. We love to fix problems! Be the champion in risk assessment of technologies and processes in the environment, including our Digital Crown Jewels and other compliance impacting technologies and processes. Identify, assess, manage, monitor and report upon information and cyber security risks. Connect the dots to improve and enhance risk assessment processes. Assess third-party risk on the use of vendors for day-to-day operations. Work with legal and vendor management in providing contract requirements. Provide oversight, reporting, and metrics on risk functions. Anticipate risk and assist owners in building action plans for risk mitigation. Bring your technical expertise to the GRC project team to build requirements, participate in implementation, and enhance our GRC tool. Contribute to the ongoing maintenance and development of policies, standards and operating procedures. Excellent communication skills Admirable documentation and presentation skills Extensive experience in risk assessments including third-party risk and audit report reviews Technical knowledge including Linux, Windows, AIX, databases, Network and Security Appliances and Firewalls, web and cloud-based applications, and secure coding practices IT risk and control frameworks like NIST & ISO27001/5 System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes and agile methodologies Audit and/or IT risk management CISSP, CISA and/or CRISC designations would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID460:
Solid understanding of user experience design principles with the ability to address complex design problems and provide sound design solutions Proficient in IBM Enterprise Design Thinking methodologies Improve the user experience and user interface for new and existing security products Conduct competitive analyses of other products that operate in the same space Develop high-level and detailed storyboards, customer journey maps, mockups, and interactive prototypes to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas Lead by collaborating with cross-functional design teams to complete projects on-time Using JIRA / GitHub tools to support agile methodologies and manage your projects Juggle multiple projects while effectively managing timelines and expectations Degree in Human Computer Interaction, Web Design with a focus on User Interface or related field Excellent written, verbal communications, storytelling, and documentation skills Strong, clean visual design sense Solid analytical thinker Passion for emerging technologies and hunger to innovate Strong organizational skills and an attention to detail Experience with collaborating or leading user research Portfolio of previous work must be presented incorporating UI designs and/or sketches that demonstrate an understanding of wireframing, interaction design, visual design, and design best practices Basic knowledge of HTML / CSS / Javascript (React) Technical background Experience designing enterprise applications Experience creating clickable prototypes (Sketch, Flinto, Invision, Adobe XD) 
ScrapedJobID461:

ScrapedJobID462:
Must be able to respond to Security incidents quickly and efficiently to mitigate threats affecting North American network, systems and serve as a global incident responder for all regions. Must be able to lead the development and implementation of incident reporting and incident response processes and procedures to address a security incidents and breaches, and reports of violation of policy. Must be able to lead Security Monitoring maturity project and engage with vendor to drive process improvements in their service. Must be able to configure, deploy and monitor Endpoint Detection & Response tool across all systems in NORAM. Develops process for other regions to utilize this capability to reduce risk and strengthen security posture globally. Must be able to provide technical security requirements and recommendations on new IT and business projects. Responsible for working with HR and Legal to lead security activities around access management, security investigations and actions requiring data gathering and analysis. Responsible for defining plans to mature all Security Monitoring and Incident Response processes. Responsible for providing security engineering solutions and support during incidents, proactively considering the prevention of similar incidents from occurring in the future. Responsible for leading Security Monitoring maturity project and leads engagement with vendor on process improvements. Responsible for supporting DFARS & CMMC compliance work involving gap assessment, documentation and remediation actions. Security lead on ITSM implementation to define security controls and processes to protect Thales data in the cloud. Responsible for being a technical lead in North America and work with IS/IT teams on topics such as E-Mail security, tool configuration and deployment, system defense hardening, etc. 5 - 7 years of experience in CyberSecurity domains. 3 to 5 years of experience in responding to Security incidents with ability to document remediation steps and lessons learned. Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in computer information systems, programming, engineering or a related field with a minimum 3 years of experience in information security delivering security programs and providing security services. Strong knowledge of core IT and Security infrastructures including Active Directory, Microsoft Windows security controls, SIEM, AV, IPS, vulnerability scanners etc. Must be able to work with minimal direction in an office without any team members in the same location Strong communication, negotiation and analytical skills. Strong knowledge of all aspects of information security within the Prevent, Detect and Respond domains. Must be highly analytical and detail-oriented, with organizational skills to manage assigned work to completion. This position requires direct or indirect access to hardware, software, technology or technical data controlled under the Canadian Export Control List, Canadian Controlled Goods Program, the Canadian Industrial Security Program, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and/or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be able to meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the Canadian Controlled Goods Program and able to obtain a Canadian NATO Secret clearance. CISSP preferred, but not required Familiarity with risk assessment, desktop security, and tools and techniques used to provide security controls. 
ScrapedJobID463:
Provide Sophos customers with Technical Support within the defined parameters of Sophos Support Services including customers with defined SLAs, with a focus on quality and customer satisfaction, covering our Network products Provide advanced troubleshooting via remote sessions to modify customer’s environment towards a resolution that include, but are not limited to: Installation issues, best practice configuration, network troubleshooting, Windows, Linux, Mac and Unix OS configuration. Handle technical escalations within team response/resolution targets Ability to work weekend and on-call shifts on a rotational basis Provide Team Leader or Manager feedback with regards to Technical Support procedures and policies, with the goal of improving overall customer satisfaction as well as engineer efficiency A bachelor’s degree or technical diploma in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field 3+ years’ experience in the IT field, including experience as a Systems/Network Administrator, or a technical support role supporting Systems/Network administrators Experience with security products, such as Firewalls, IPSec, IDS/IPS, Anti -Spam, Anti-Virus, Web Security proxies, Email Security filters, VPNs Experience with Linux operating systems through the command line level Experience with Active Directory (or any LDAP variant) group policy configuration and deployment Experience with cloud virtualization such as Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure The ability to work with complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires review Excellent verbal and written communication skills, inspiring confidence while leading customers through the steps to resolve issues via phone, and email Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Masterclass and Calm 
ScrapedJobID464:
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, client-facing role where delivering solid work products to exceed high expectations is a measure of success Business/IT strategy and outcomes planning. Multi-year capital and operational budget planning including projections for total cost of ownership. Act as a strategic lead and participate in the strategic direction of activities, such as, but not limited to: Develops, guides and leads Data Architecture Development (DAD), Data classification and inventory, Data governance, Data clean up Business application and technology rationalization; information\application\technology architecture development Best practice leadership for the Enterprise Architectural Design and Documentation. Application Portfolio Management. Enterprise information and technology roadmap alignment. Lead, Develop and deliver results individually collaborating with IT and BUSINESS for delivery. Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills Eager to contribute to a team-oriented environment Strong prioritization and multi-tasking skills with a track record of meeting deadlines Ability to be creative and analytical in a problem-solving environment Effective verbal and written communication skills Experience in successful delivery of projects within >= 2 of the common IT delivery categories – OCM, COTS, Application Development, Cyber Security, Cloud Computing, Business Intelligence, Data Migration, Business Transformation Specific experience within Regina, Saskatoon or Winnipeg would be a very strong bonus Formal Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma from a recognized educational facility 
ScrapedJobID465:
Microsoft Office 2007 to 2013 Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, XP and Vista Windows Server 2003 and 2008 and 2012 Remote Desktop support Advanced printer/peripheral device troubleshooting Remote support for handheld smartphones and tablets Sees actions partly in terms of longer term goals Understands the corporate climate & culture Strong knowledge of the business Mentors Support Analysts Seeks coaching from experts Attends advanced training sessions and is certified on multiple domains of expertise Demonstrates all core skills, and good interpersonal skills for the role  * Good working and background knowledge of area of practice Use and combine knowledge of the discipline and the market to formulate the right approach Fit for purpose, though may lack refinement Microsoft Office 2007 to 2013 Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, XP and Vista Windows Server 2003 and 2008 and 2012 Remote Desktop support Advanced printer /peripheral device troubleshooting Remote support for handheld smartphones and tablets Collaborative attitude, willingness to work with team members Constantly learns from both success and failure Good organizational and problem-solving abilities that enable you to manage through creative abrasion Good verbal and written communication; able to effectively articulate technical vision, possibilities, andoutcomes Proactively identifies opportunities for improvement in processes and workflows Monitors areas of persistent difficulty and creates materials to efficiently deal with them Customer obsessed Decision Authorities: Able to achieve most tasks using own judgement Can lead smaller groups where required Good analytical skills, copes with complex situations through deliberate analysis and planning Responsible for seamless functioning of technology and applications for the benefit of internal and external users Provides great customer service experience to assist with troubleshooting hardware, software and peripheral issues Resolves technical issues and record transactions via ticketing system  * Develops and maintains checklists for common technical issues Performs user administration duties Provides frontline support for hardware, software and peripherals and resolving service tickets in a timely manner, escalates complex issues to software and platform technical analysts where appropriate Platform: Focuses on supporting platform to enable software development Infrastructure: Focuses on supporting infrastructure to support platform Software: Focuses on supporting software to enable application development Maintains and updates documentation to support application support  * Manages application enhancements Troubleshoots non-standard issues Advises on licensing, upgrades and security issues Has positive impact to specific organizational entities & has some understanding of the nature of the impact Usually a top contributor to teams success Provides great customer service experience to assist with troubleshooting hardware, software and peripheral issues Resolves technical issues and record transactions via ticketing system Develops and maintain checklists for common technical issues Performs user administration duties Collaborates with other members of the support team to escalate and resolve technical issues Platform Support Analyst: Focuses on supporting platform to enable software development Infrastructure Support Analyst: Focuses on supporting infrastructure to support platform Software Support Analyst: Focuses on supporting software to enable application development Key Shared Accountabilities: Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID466:
Engage with a variety of clients to conduct assessments of IT risks and controls, including general IT controls and automated controls embedded within information systems in support of our external audit engagements; Perform other engagements within the context of supporting the external audit, IT internal audit or attestation engagements such as CSAE 3416 / SSAE 18 Service Organization Control (SOC) audits and assessment of controls; Review new and existing systems in terms of adequacy of controls, security, operational considerations, conversion issues and project management assessment; The review and provision of advice and assistance on business process controls; Lead field engagement teams as well as coaching and mentoring junior staff members; Identify and implement improvements in existing processes and procedures; Evaluate the risks and the adequacy of controls associated with IT, applications, operating systems, databases and interfaces and business cycle controls; Interact with clients to understand their environments and needs; manage expectations of clients and different managers/partners. At least 3 years of relevant experience in assessing business process risk, ideally within a large consulting practice; 2-3 years of experience delivering business process controls engagements; Completion of or working towards one or a combination of the following designations; CPA, CISA, CISSP, CRISC, CISM; Experience with IT General Controls and controls based audits (e.g., CSAE 3416 or 3000); Knowledge of Industry standards and frameworks such as COSO, COBIT, ISO 27001 and 27002, and NIST; Attention to detail and strong organization and analytical skills; Ability to travel up to 10% (within Canada), when safe to do so and travel restrictions are lifted. You are motivated and a self-starter that takes initiative and takes the time to understand what is expected of them. You can work independently with varying degrees of supervision and understand the level of communication required to keep your team and clients’ informed, while asking for help when you need support; You are comfortable with dealing with and working through ambiguity, to scope and determine path to project outputs;
You are a problem solving, solution-oriented person that applies and engineering-first mindset to your engagements and activities; You are a proficient communicator for your level of experience, both verbally and written, with the ability to deliver professional communications, presentations, reports and documentation. You have developed effective time management skills and the ability to prioritize and execute tasks when urgency is required. You are aware of your areas of improvement and open to mentorship and professional development. You are not afraid to put your hand up if you need support; You are team-oriented and thrive in working within a collaborative environment; You are adapatable to the ever-growing trends in Technology Risk. 
ScrapedJobID467:
SmartSimple is a remote-first workplace. We recognize the distinct advantages of workplace flexibility. SmartSimple’s headquarters are located in Toronto, Canada with our EMEA office based out of Dublin, Ireland. Employees will have the option of working from the office (when it is safe to do so) if they wish or they may work remotely from home. You’ll implement and operate tools designed to improve the security of the platform You’ll perform on-going security testing and code review to improve software security You’ll provide suggestions for new software solutions to help mitigate security vulnerabilities You’ll troubleshoot, debug, and remediate issues that arise You’ll contribute to building and conducting secure coding training for all developers You’ll maintain technical documentation You’ll develop a familiarity with new tools and best practices You’ll maintain professional relationships with internal and external clients and teams, participating in team meetings, code reviews and work closely with technical and non-technical teams. Other duties as assigned. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field 2-5 years of experience in software development. Strong interest or passion for development work in compliance, security and vulnerabilities Strong software development experience in Java Adequate knowledge of web related technologies (Web applications, Web Services and Service Oriented Architectures) and of network/web related protocols Strong problem solving and analytical skills and strong time management skills. Working knowledge of OWASP/Top 10 and CWE/SANS TOP 25 Most Dangerous Software Errors Analytical skills: Elicitation, Data Analysis, Logic, code development and design. HTML, Java, JavaScript, XML Knowledge of relevant software platforms (Windows and Linux environments preferred) Must be legally eligible to work in Canada You will be entering into a culture of inclusion, innovation and collaboration. We believe software is autobiographical – and we want you to be a part of our story. The first three months of your journey with SmartSimple will kick off with our Cara, (meaning friend in Irish!) and Mentor program - giving you the opportunity to network and learn from team members from all levels and areas of the organization. Your professional and personal development is prioritized – you’ll receive training opportunities to elevate your technical knowledge and skills, and your manager will provide ongoing feedback and regular 1-on-1s. You have tons of autonomy and responsibility giving you the freedom to approach your work in a unique way that breeds creativity and independent thought. Employee recognition is key and we promote and celebrate it - you do a good job, everyone will know about it! We provide competitive salary and benefits along with tuition, fitness and gaming reimbursements, and bespoke mindfulness/wellness initiatives. Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID468:
Work on a Cisco ISE version 2.6 and Wireless project. Work with operation team to maintain and upgrade Cisco ACI, Cisco WAAS, Cisco ISE, WLCs, ASA firewalls, Checkpoint firewalls, Cisco Firepower to the latest version. Work on a URL Filtering Project on Checkpoint firewall. Work on a Cisco AnyConnect projects and its integration with Cisco AnyConnect. Work on a micro-segmentation project with VMWare NSX-T. Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID469:
On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID470:
Perform operating system installs/upgrades Assist customers solving their technical challenges by troubleshooting Linux/Windows systems Assist in the Cloud development/maintenance of our virtual environments Help maintain our IT security compliance across all platforms Write, maintain and enhance our department’s scripts to help the team become more efficient and automated Racking and cabling state-of-the-art servers in our data center Special project assignments Basic computer knowledge Basic operating systems (Windows/Linux) knowledge Basic networking knowledge Good time management and organizational skills Must be eligible to work 16 months starting in May Scripting (bash, PHP, Phyton, PowerShell) Virtualization Linux LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) Stack Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID471:
Providing daily user tech support, either in person or remotely. Configuration of hardware as per company standards. Hardware repair as required. Administration of IT inventory and supplies. Working with network switches, firewalls, wireless APs and other related devices. Working with IT Manager on future IT planning such as cybersecurity enhancements and cloud/SaaS migrations Staying current on IT and other tech related trends. Working closely with the rest of the Venturepark ecosystem to make sure everyone is able to work at their highest possible efficiency from a tech perspective. Directly reporting to the IT Manager. Solid understanding of IT troubleshooting procedures. Experience with both Windows and Mac operating systems. Experience with Active Directory / Azure, Microsoft 365 applications, printers, networking, VPN, mobile tech (iPhones / Androids). IT related education including certifications such as ITIL/COBIT, CompTIA, Microsoft are considered an asset. Diploma or degree in Information Technology / Computer Science is considered an asset but equivalent experience will be considered. 3+ years working in an IT support environment. Superior written and verbal communication skills with high attention to detail. Patience and pleasant demeanor in dealing with users and their support needs. Ability to work independently but also as part of a fast moving and dynamic team. Knowing when to ask for help is considered an asset. Excellent time management and IT triage determination skills. 
ScrapedJobID472:
Identify risks related to IT business processes and assess management’s response to risk, including avoidance, acceptance and mitigation Measure risks associated with complex IT requirements and provide recommendations for resolution Coordinate with audit and compliance teams with process changes/updates Develop or participate in the development of Key Risk Indicators and monitor compliance Report on quality of risk management measures and present findings to appropriate client stakeholders Undergraduate university degree, preferably in Computer Science or Information Systems Professional certification desired (CISA, CISSP, CISM). For the Ottawa market, a university degree and one of the aforementioned certifications are mandatory Demonstrated experience in risk management and information systems Understanding and/or experience in industry-accepted risk management methods (e.g., NIST) Experience in identifying risks, presenting these risks, and providing resolutions or steps for mitigation Good communication skills and the ability to facilitate meetings and gain consensus for decisions Strong oral and relationship skills are essential to interact effectively with clients Demonstrated skills in report writing are essential, along with effective presentation abilities Candidates must have a consultative nature, with solid managerial skills in building client relationships and managing projects Candidates must be self-motivated in order to work independently We require individuals who have a commitment to providing excellence in client service, with a sense of responsibility and maturity to listen to client business issues, think through a situation, consider alternative solutions, and suggest practical actions Comfortable with Microsoft suite products i.e., Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio and Project For the Ottawa market, Federal security clearance is mandatory (at least Enhanced Reliability and ability to secure Secret or Level -2 clearance) Test design and operating effectiveness of ITGCs Interact with clients to manage receipt of information and delivery of completed testing within target timelines Documentation within the firm's documentation tool Professional designation an asset Government and public sector experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID473:
Identify and administer internal and external information security and privacy requirements throughout project and asset lifecycles Manage supplier compliance Lead response to third-party information security and privacy requests for information Conduct training and awareness campaigns Create and maintain compliance and management systems documentation Conduct internal audits (organize team preparation, perform interviews, compose reports) Coordinate external audits Develop and maintain records, metrics, and analyses Communicate actionable insights for leadership, identifying opportunities for improvement, additional value, and competitive advantage Information Security, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance, Risk Management, or equivalent work experience Information Security Management Systems (ISO 27001 preferred) Privacy Program Management Internal and External Audit Frequent travelling Pass a pre-employment check Permanent full-time position and possibility of telecommuting; Competitive salary and numerous benefits, including a group insurance plan; The office is located in Ville Saint-Laurent (Montreal), easily accessible by public transportation; International company with many long-term career opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID474:
Monitor computer networks for security issues and investigate security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents. Install security measures and operate software to protect systems and information infrastructure, including firewalls and data encryption programs. Monitor and analyze logs and events from critical systems for suspicious or abnormal events, document security breaches and assess levels of damage. Develop company-wide best practices for IT security. Perform penetration testing. Research security enhancements and make improvement recommendations to upper management. Participate in the planning and design of enterprise security architecture as well as enterprise security documents (policies, standards, baselines, guidelines, and procedures). Participate in the planning and design of an enterprise business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan. Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge of the IT security industry including awareness of new or revised security solutions, improved security processes, and the development of new attacks and threat vectors. Perform the deployment, integration, and initial configuration of all new security solutions and of any enhancements to existing security solutions in accordance with standard best operating procedures generically and the enterprise’s security documents specifically. Maintain up-to-date baselines for the secure configuration and operations of all in-place devices, whether they be under direct control (i.e. security tools) or not (e.g. workstations, servers, network devices). Process end user access requests and review access as necessary. In collaboration with IT Departments, evaluate, implement and maintain security features/functions and controls on IT systems. Perform periodic vulnerability assessments on new and existing IT systems to identify, document, and mitigate risks on WCLC systems. Troubleshoot system, resource, network and user access as required. Liaise with other departments and users regarding information technology security issues/troubles. College diploma or university degree in Computer Science and/or two years equivalent work experience. Minimum of 3 years experience in an Information Technology environment. Experience with Windows and Linux Operating Systems. Experience with SIEM solutions i.e. Fortinet, Splunk, LogPoint, Solarwinds. Previous IT Security experience and/or certification preferred (CISSP, GIAC, CCSP) Certifications in Microsoft, Cisco, Checkpoint, Linux, etc., an asset. Experience with computer network penetration testing and techniques. Understanding of firewalls, proxies, antivirus, and IDPS concepts. Ability to identify and mitigate network vulnerabilities and explain how to avoid them. Understanding of patch management with the ability to deploy patches in a timely manner while understanding business impact. Strong organizational, analytical and communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID475:
Manages multi-platform networks and infrastructure comprised of high-performance network storage and a large rendering/compute farm with thousands of users across multiple locations Improves and pushes DevOps, infrastructure-as-code, and CI/CD systems to the next level Strong Linux and Windows admin/engineering experience Comfortable writing tools or automation in scripting languages (e.g. Python, Bash, Powershell) Experience using configuration management tools such as Puppet, Salt, or Ansible Experience in using development tools such as git, Jenkins, Jira Excellent organizational and time management skills, strong attention to detail Experience managing large multi-platform environments - mixed Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments Experience with Chocolately, Glazier, or other open-source Windows deployment systems Proficiency with network design and protocols such as DNS, DHCP, VLANs, routing protocols, firewalls Experience managing high-performance network-attached storage environments Visual effects or other media vertical experience 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID476:
Life-Balanced – We respect family needs, strive to achieve the work / life balance, as well as the flexibility needed for support personal growth & well-being. Empowered – Empower our team to be able to do what it takes for the good of our customers, to not compromise on long term payoff for short-term gain, and to take strategic risks when required Flexible – Be creative in our approach to the market, work hard for our customers, and be flexible to their needs Innovative – Think BIG, invent, simplify, and look around the corners to see what’s ahead. We are always aiming to free up our customers to dream, grow, and focus on their own outcomes Knowledgeable – Be curious, dive deep, develop good instinct & judgement, be highly technical, and for our employees lay out career paths for personal development Unified Collaboration – Cisco Communications Manager, Gateways, Jabber, WebEx, Video Telepresence, Contact Center Express, Microsoft Teams, Zoom Routing and Switching – Cisco Catalyst, Juniper EX/MX, Meraki, Extreme ERS NGFW Security – Cisco ASA/FTD/FMC, Juniper SRX, Meraki, Palo Alto Wireless – Cisco, Meraki, Juniper MIST, AeroHive/Extreme CloudIQ Cloud – Microsoft 365, Azure, AWS Data Center – Cisco UCS/Nexus, Juniper QFX, NetApp, Veeam, Vmware VCenter/ESXi Management Platforms – Cisco Prime/DNAC, Juniper Space, Extreme EMC Scripting and Automation – Powershell, Ansible, Python Work cooperatively within a team using Agile techniques (Kanban) to deliver multiple concurrent projects to Charter customers. Attend team huddles and be an active participant team planning activities. Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the areas of voice, video and collaboration systems to the team, mentoring junior members to enhance productivity and quality. Use provided workflow tools to reflect the current status of tasks, effort/labour etc. Execute on defined tasks and complete work within the timelines and effort estimates stated. Proactively communicate problems, blocks and/or any significant deviation from what is expected to the team and project manager in a clear, concise manner. Identify areas to create, improve and maintain Charter intellectual property in the form of configuration templates, testing guides and other tools that assist in allowing Charter to be efficient and deliver with high quality. Attend technical training sessions when required. Assist in the development of training material and deliver sessions to others, both in engineering and sales. Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team (pre-sales, architecture, support) to bring your skills to bear where and when they are required. Be a capable and decisive leader in the delivery of quality projects, working with the project manager and customer stakeholders to ensure key success criteria are met. Attend and co-lead any/all necessary project meetings, providing accurate updates and status to the project team and customer as required. Successfully execute tasks in a diligent and efficient manner, by fully understanding the scope of the activity, communicating proactively any need for assistance or preparation. Plan, gather critical customer environment information, design and document solutions in a professional and coherent manner. Configure customer equipment, both at Charter labs or at customer site, using available templates and remote connectivity methods. Quality check your work, engaging the team to assist in QA activities. Provide QA to others within the team when asked. Engage in off-site and on-site integration/cutover/migration activities (after hours when necessary), representing Charter in a professional manner and communicating effectively with the customer and to the team during critical periods of the migration. Provide Day-1 support (on-site or off-site) post cutover/migration to ensure a smooth transition of the system(s) into production. Be an advocate for the customer, taking feedback to the team as well as to other internal stakeholders (sales, management), highlighting any concerns or issues raised. Work with the support team to transition successful migrations into project warranty period, providing context, documentation and support where required. Accurately and in a timely fashion, record your effort and associated notes against the defined task to allow for retrospective activities at the conclusion of projects. Engage deeply within the Charter company as a whole, becoming active in the company community and culture. Attend company town halls and events, focused on bringing people together and aligning to a single vision. Participate actively when appropriate. Use available social and collaboration tools to engage broadly with the company in a positive and constructive manner. Provide mentorship to others in areas of subject matter expertise and personal growth and management. Recognize Charter company values and strive to apply them to your position and personal relationship with individuals and the company itself. Explore and seize opportunities for growth that benefit both yourself and Charter, aligning with the overall vision. Engage strongly in professional development activities with your mentors, reporting manager and HR to ensure growth, fulfillment and overall success for all parties. 3+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with one or more technologies and vendors listed in the Skills section (previous). Mandatory and proven experience providing technical design, deployment and support of Cisco based UC systems including: Unified Communications Manager, Unified Messaging, IP Phones (various models), ISR based voice gateways, Jabber and Expressways. Demonstrated understanding and experience working with structured dial plans, call handlers, route patterns, PSTN providers (digital and SIP based). Experience deploying and supporting Cisco Webex, Webex Teams and Telepresence Room Kits (video systems) an asset. Competence in the assembly, racking and configuration of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls, servers, storage arrays, wireless access points considered a strong asset in addition to voice experience. Experience in providing training to project stakeholders including IT operations/administration and end users a benefit. Preference provided to candidates with CCIE certifications. Demonstrated ability to obtain and hold industry certifications such as CCNA or CCNP. Current certifications are not mandatory, but it is expected the candidate will obtain what is necessary as part of professional development. Demonstrated experience in working and thriving within a team environment. Competent and professional written and oral communication skills, being able to read and write in English fluently. Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio. Strong interpersonal skills; proven team player with ability to deliver outstanding product/service and build relationships with clients. Self-motivated; demonstrated ability to take initiative, effectively prioritize tasks and accomplish goals with minimal supervision. Authorized to work in Canada. Overtime as required On-call (may be required) Minimal Travel – Less than 10% although could vary depending on project requirements 
ScrapedJobID477:
Create and maintain an outstanding partnership with customers; Support the direct delivery of Arctic Wolf network and endpoint security solutions to customers, including tasks such as investigating security events, and configuring, troubleshooting and verifying data sources; Action or escalate customer requests for guidance, information or support in a timely manner, including coordinating efforts with other teams, as needed. Proactively interact and communicate with internal and external stakeholders. 1-3 years of experience in a hands-on security role with a good knowledge of security architecture Degree or diploma in a relevant field, or certifications and experience equivalent Strong partnering and relationship building skills in a professional context Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Security testing and forensics tools Malware analysis Incident response Authentication and identity management Risk management, assessment and common compliance frameworks Penetration testing and attack simulation Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN's Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information. Background checks are required for this position Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID478:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify, resolve, and mitigate security issues in IZEA’s AWS/GCP/Google Workspace systems and processes. Interface with AWS/GCP/Google Workspace account teams to ensure security is appropriately represented. Perform analysis of transactional data, log files and/or other system outputs to identify malicious or anomalous activity Evaluate, architect, implement, monitor and support security infrastructure for use by a remote workforce across all of our cloud platforms. Act as a point of escalation for investigation of systems and security events. Engage with customers, auditors, and other external entities during sales, deal negotiations, and other scenarios to articulate our security and trust story. Interface with external partners to conduct routine vulnerability assessments, including but not limited to: penetration testing and social engineering tests. Regularly review existing systems and make recommendations for improvements to all necessary internal departments. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a cloud engineering role or related role. 3+ years of hands-on experience securing cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure). A strong technical background involving SaaS cloud technologies and deep understanding of relevant risk mitigation and technical controls. Outstanding written and oral communication skills, as well as the ability to communicate detailed, technical information in a manner comprehensible by individuals at varying degrees of experience and skill level. Experience utilizing Agile methodologies Experience in AWS cloud-based services, and serverless architectures. Experience dealing with security compliance certifications, such as SOC2 and SOX. Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), or AWS Security Certification. Self-motivated, and thrive in a fast moving environment. A naturally curious technologist and stay on top of emerging trends, including hands-on prototyping of nascent technologies. Not afraid to question any existing processes and solutions, yet you display a keen sense of business value proposition and focus on the right priorities. At home in the cloud and are an expert in designing cloud-native security solutions. Able to understand business requirements, pragmatically balance risk, and effectively communicate trade offs. 
ScrapedJobID479:
Integrate cloud platforms with and continue to develop existing vulnerability management programs. Manage, maintain, and administer security monitoring & alerting systems and processes, ensuring ongoing visibility into the security of our environments. Monitor and respond to security events and incidents, coordinate with the Operations team on all security events and escalate security incidents as appropriate. Apply fixes, patches, updates, and suggest configuration remediation Work with DevOps, InfraOps, Corporate IT, Product teams, and other cross-departmental teams throughout project life cycles to provide guidance on cloud security architecture, practices & solutions to ensure cloud-based deployments meet security requirements. Review native cloud platform security configurations and tune based on best practices, and continuous compliance checks. Perform assessments of systems, networks, and applications in CaseWare cloud environments and readily address vulnerabilities identified. Monitor, Assess and Evaluate Information Security compliance related to CaseWare Cloud environments to ensure Security controls are functioning appropriately and effectively. Build strong partnerships with technical teams to promote best practices for managing vulnerabilities in an agile manner and within cloud solutions. This includes security advocacy, requirements identification and collaboration. Develop and implement Information Security metrics, measurement criteria and reporting to ensure compliance and continuous improvement for cloud tools and environments. Assist with remediation of control deficiencies and security gaps. Demonstrable experience in Cloud and Infrastructure Security and Technology, primarily with AWS, other cloud experience is a plus. Experience with the creation of useful correlation rules, alarms, reports, metrics in log management and endpoint security systems. Understanding of principles of modern Log Management including SIEM and UEBA. Experience with security baselines and security hardening and minimization of attack surface area. Experience with assessment, development, implementation, optimization, and documentation of a comprehensive and broad set of security technologies and processes in Cloud and General IT Environments. Understanding of firewall concepts, WAF, security defence-in-depth, and the risk-based approach to security. Experience with host hardening, auditing, logging and monitoring, network and application security. Experience with AWS tools such as Guard Duty, Azure Security Center, Azure Security Center and other cloud services. Understanding of complex technical environments including traditional Datacenter, Public Cloud, Multi-cloud and Hybrid for AWS, Azure is a plus. Knowledge of cloud-native technologies such as Containers and Kubernetes is desirable, willingness to learn and technical hands-on will be required. Candidates should have excellent verbal and written communication skills. AWS Certified Solutions Architect or AWS Security or any Security certification is a plus, must be willing to learn and certify on the job, in career growth and development. 
ScrapedJobID480:

ScrapedJobID481:
Work with other teams to ensure ongoing compliance with PCI, ISO-27001, and other applicable industry and privacy regulations. Develop and maintain company’s Information Security Policies and Procedures. Collaborate with other internal teams to ensure that appropriate controls are implemented and are operating effectively. Monitor and assist in performing internal risk assessments. Assist with the development of control frameworks to meet business and regulatory Assisting in developing security and compliance strategy Monitor, identify and validate security events generated from internal SIEM and feeding subsystems such as Palo Alto firewalls, Sophos Security, AD logs, Office365, AWS with a focus on O365 security controls Working with the security team and as a member of the IT team, provide first and second level security support and ensure cybersecurity best practices Respond to critical business impacting situations and coordinate the efforts required to engage the proper resources to remediate the issue Act as primary escalator for CIRP (Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan). Coordinate major security incident situations and provide internal communications as defined by CIRP Monitor for attacks, intrusions and unusual, unauthorized or illegal activity Follow and establish process documentation for receipt of security alerts for monitored devices, acknowledge the receipt of the event, open and/or update service desk tickets to track the handling of events to resolution and closure, and assignment of the ticket to the appropriate owner Assist in researching and replicating targeted phishing and in administering monthly cybersecurity awareness training and phishing campaigns to the entire enterprise Monitor and document data flows for critical business applications Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering Minimum 3 years working experience as a SOC or Security Compliance Analyst Experience in managing compliance such as PCI, ISO-27001 and NIST (at least 2 of these) Experience in achieving security certifications. Know the fundamentals of IT security, hardening practices, and security management tools Knowledge in key areas such as: Firewalls, IDS, IPS, VPN, Remote Access, Security Logging, Vulnerability Management, Security Incident Response, and Penetration testing Good working knowledge of advanced endpoint analytics Have an understanding of AD, LDAP, Radius, DHCP, DNS Experience with cyber security tools such as Rapid7/Nexpose, Wireshark, endpoint Be available 24/7 availability for high severity incidents Nice to have industry certifications (CISSP, CISA, CISM) Excellent communication skills Effective business systems thinker and a good understanding of business process knowledge Demonstrated ability to deal effectively with others in a diverse environment Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects at one time Strong stakeholder management focus 
ScrapedJobID482:
Implement and consolidate code scanning tools for SAST, DAST, 3rd Party library Validate asset/code inventories. SME within Aptos relating Work with development teams to ensure local scanning processes and arrangements are Work with professional services teams to ensure as above Attend governance reviews with teams and senior managers to establish training needs, Audit code to ensure compliance/effectiveness Maintain a register/dashboard of as-is/to-be code defects across all code bases Work with the IS team to respond to client's queries (formal and informal) The ability to conduct internal application penetration tests and/or management of Demonstrate the leadership and maturity required to ensure only code free of security Familiarity with container based applications Contribute to team&#39;s ability to understand, quantify, prioritise and mitigate risk Risk assessment of legacy code defects and management of remediation Assistance with 3rd party vendor assessment Build and implement a training program to embed a constant learning culture for secure Assist with the wider security communications program and the development of training Assist with development and testing of BCP/DR plans Determined Team - we mean it Self-starter, self organizer, we travel light and fight agile. Organized - no-one helps us do this, we have to be on the front foot and ready Great interpersonal skills - a knowledge of NLP helps! Ability to explain technical items in a non-technical way Negotiating skills Project management skills / qualifications A wider set of Cyber security skills &amp; experience within a software house Experience of working in an agile development organization 
ScrapedJobID483:
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) Microsoft SQL Certification Microsoft certified professional (MCP) Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Bondable Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Device drivers Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Servers File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Image editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software SQL Website creation and management software MS Office Multimedia software Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID484:
Use analytical skills and creativity to investigate and resolve customers' technical issues. Manage multiple complex technical issues simultaneously. Develop expertise in using and supporting our products and technologies, including wireless networking products. Investigate, document, and track product bugs and customer feature requests. Utilize diagnostic tools and debug files from customers. Duplicate issues within a lab environment. Participate actively during team meetings and reach out independently to other team members, sharing knowledge and assisting in troubleshooting. Identify and prepare information for posting on the technical support web site and/or inclusion in technical documentation. Identify trends in issues and make recommendations for ways to eliminate or reduce high frequency issues, streamline the support process, or reduce utilization of developer time. Maintain, extend, and document the technical support lab. Research, test, and evaluate competing or complementary products. Communicate solutions to customers of varying technical abilities in a professional manner. Experience using a case management system and keeping case records up to date. Work with Salesforce.com is a definite plus. Ability to work independently and self-motivated to continue improving technical skills during night shift. Proficiency with IP networking concepts and protocols: LAN / WAN networking concepts including IP, TCP, UDP, ICMP, routing, and firewalls. LAN / WAN equipment installation, configuration and troubleshooting. Self-motivated quick learner with enthusiasm for customer satisfaction. Hands-on experience with network protocol analyzers (NetMon, Wireshark, etc.). Strong working knowledge of various Operating Systems, including installation, configuration, and authentication methods; (Windows, iOS, OSX, and Android) Understanding of virtualization software is a plus; (VMWare, Nutanix, etc.) A demonstrated passion for problem-solving and technology. General understanding of authentication methods such as NTLM, RADIUS, PKI specifically PEAP, PEAP-TLS and RSA token methods. Experience in configuring wireless networks and VPNs. Strong verbal and written communication skills, analytical ability, and organizational skills. Demonstrated ability to read and interpret technical documentation, debug files, and related information. Experience writing short technical documents and/or knowledge base articles a plus. Any experience consulting in the mobility area, specifically on infrastructure and network design. Health and life benefits, along with a competitive 401k plan and a company match Flexible vacation, company paid holidays, paid sick days, and paid parental leave Monthly morale events and random treat days 
ScrapedJobID485:

ScrapedJobID486:
Work with cutting edge infrastructure tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm, and Istio Accelerate development across the company with faster, safer, and more frequent deploys Meaningfully improve developer happiness and productivity across the company with better development tools and workflows Contribute directly to the bottom line with cost savings initiatives and optimizations Catch errors and performance issues early with automated monitoring and alerting Maintain and improve security across our infrastructure including firewall rules, access control, audit logging, and disaster recovery. Amazon Web Services Kubernetes (Elastic Kubernetes Service) Infrastructure as Code in Terraform and Helm Datadog and Opsgenie for logging, monitoring, and alerting Postgres for storage and Redis for caching Gitlab for version control and CI/CD Python, Bash, and Docker for local development workflows and CI/CD jobs Tens of containerized microservices running our application code, written in Python and/or JS You have 1+ years experience in a devops or infrastructure role, and 2+ years of software dev experience overall You have experience and comfort with POSIX-based operating systems You have experience with operating a Kubernetes cluster in production You have experience with Infrastructure as Code tools such as Helm and Terraform or their substitutes You understand how networked services in the cloud work: VPC, IP, TCP, DNS, HTTP, etc. You abhor repetitive manual processes and are excited to automate them away You have a sixth sense for spotting waste (in money, time, CPU cycles) and eliminating it You learn quickly, regardless of the languages and technologies used You are a strong communicator You are looking forward to working in a fast-paced startup environment 
ScrapedJobID487:
Implement technical solutions and tools to help detect and mitigate security vulnerabilities. Review, develop and implement security measures in our CI/CD pipeline to detect security issues before they are deployed. Support external security programs such as audit, compliance and penetration testing. Identify threats and develop suitable defense measures, evaluate system changes for security implications, and recommend enhancements. Understand common attack scenarios within cloud computing environments and ability to stay abreast of changing security threats, techniques and tactics. Experience with continuous automated penetration and vulnerability testing with tools such as Metasploit, ZAP/BurpSuit and Gauntlt. Familiarity with common security controls/frameworks (NIST, PCI DSS, SOC2 or CSA-CCM) and libraries(OWASP-SKF & OWASP Dependency-Check). Development experience in languages such as Ruby, Python or Go. Experience with OWASP Static/Dynamic analysis, and other common security tools. A good understanding of network protocols (such as TCP/IP, UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS). Familiarity with cloud security controls and best practices. Experience with common DevOps tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible and Terraform (or similar). Experience with cloud native security tools such as Snyk, Falco, ThreatStack and KMS. Good understanding of AWS networking and security internals and tools such as VPC, ELB, Route53, WAF and others. Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) in an AWS cloud-based environment. Generous PTO and competitive pay Fullscript’s RRSP match program for financial health Flexible benefits package and workplace wellness program Training budget and company-wide learning initiatives Discount on Fullscript catalog of products Ability to work Wherever You Work Well* Our Wherever You Work Well philosophy means Fullscript teammates get to pick their own office — whether that’s in-office, at home, or a bit of both. 
ScrapedJobID488:
Providing support to Wintel, MAC, and Linux based systems for both internal and external customers. Provide Tier 2 End-user system support for the internal staff, including on-site and remote desktop support. Provide assistance and computing support for external, managed services customers. Provide server support and maintenance for Wintel, MAC and Linux environments. Including basic server setup, storage / SAN support, monitoring, maintenance, patching and general support. Provide network support and maintenance across various networking devices through the internal LAN, WAN and external client sites. Basic management, updates, reporting and general network support. Build, configure and troubleshoot software and hardware enhancements, and infrastructure upgrades. Perform and troubleshoot application installations/deployments and upgrades with new releases. Work collaboratively with cross functional teams to ensure end-users equipment, servers, networked equipment, and research equipment are in working order. Work with standard service desk processes and best practices to update and maintain documentation, support tickets, logs and other regular administrative and procedural activities. providing high-level support and will overlap with some duties of other IT support staff: troubleshoot and resolve problems with servers, personal computers, workstations, laptops, peripherals, and/or network systems etc.; perform hardware and software installation, configuration, upgrades and enhancements Other special duties as assigned 3+ years of desktop support and system administration experience Experience with support and administration of traditional office applications, such as: MS Office, Office 365, Trend AV Experience with traditional IT support tools and systems like; SolarWinds, remote desktop, ticketing systems and monitoring and logging tools Previous experience with the setup and maintenance of public cloud technologies like AWS, Azure – especially Azure and Office 365. Experience with Windows, MAC and Linux environments as well as traditional infrastructure like HPE, Aruba, Cisco, Dell, Nutanix etc. Excellent interpersonal skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Good presentation skills and the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical personnel Professional certifications (e.g. Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA). ITIL, CompTIA etc.) a plus Bilingual in French and English is an asset 
ScrapedJobID489:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Valid driver's licence Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Internet Database software Networking software Networking hardware Intranet Servers Security software Presentation software Mail server software Communication software Project management software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software Software development Website creation and management software Multimedia software Business intelligence Cloud Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits 
ScrapedJobID490:
Level 1 support with escalation as needed - hands-on & on-premises support to the users. The locations would be at 1128 Yonge Street and 130 Adelaide, Toronto, ON. Train end-users on in-house applications. Perform daily boardroom checks to ensure that conferencing equipment is up and running for daily meetings - printers. Assist with daily support tickets via the ticketing support queue. Manage changes to documentation where appropriate – potentially create documentation. End-user onboard/offboarding. Perform IT orientation with newly onboarded staff. Install, test, and maintain a fleet of organizational hardware, including performing upgrades to existing hardware. Basic troubleshooting of network issues, hardware, and software faults. Assist with calling vendors on-site to repair and swap out failed hardware components, boardroom equipment, cable boxes, etc. Assist with testing on infrastructure projects where required 1-2 years in a technical support role. Understanding of IT security. Knowledge of MAC/iOS and PC/Windows. Familiarity with support/ticket/success platforms. A degree or Diploma in technology or computer science-related field is preferred. We believe in innovation and vibrant culture - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism. We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office. We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs. We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs. We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days. We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with a top-up. We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds. We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID491:
Work within a cross-functional team of Cloud Engineers, App Admins, DBAs and DevOps to specify, design, develop, test, and implement cloud services and solutions Leverage industry best practices in defining and tuning appropriate on-demand cloud deployment architectures with security in mind Identify, implement and support application monitoring solutions for cloud deployments Ensure work is fully tested, documented and highly automated Programmatically automate routine cloud deployment, administration, and monitoring tasks Oversee the defining, documenting and training of SaaS Ops admins on critical cloud deployment related processes Enrolled in an undergraduate degree or diploma majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, IT or related field Familiarity with core infrastructure technologies such as Active Directory, DNS, FTP, SMTP, Load Balancers and Firewalls, etc Familiarity with automation tools such as Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform, Artifactory, etc. Strong understanding and writing of code with familiarity of Python, Groovy, Powershell, or GoLang Familiarity with Docker, and Kubernetes Asset to have: Exposure on automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible 
ScrapedJobID492:
Amazing customer service skills
Windows Server (all versions)
Firewalls, Managed Switches, VPNs & WiFi (VLAN, Routing knowledge)
Exchange Server (all versions)
Experience with Hyper-V & VMware Infrastructure
MCSA, MCSE, CCNA or VCP Certification is desired
Azure & Office 365
Remote Desktop Server
SQL Database and permissions
VoIP administration
Extensive knowledge of Active Directory
Solid understanding of complex IP networks
Project Management skills
Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication, time management, project management
Proficiency in presentation of technical and business subjects to technical and non-technical audiences
Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and drive to be successful
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or assistance.
Minimum five years relevant IT experience fully supporting and building SMB environments.
Aptitude and desire to build and mentor a team of your own.
Must have valid driver's license and access to a vehicle
Professional yet fun and friendly attitude! Amazing customer service skills Windows Server (all versions) Firewalls, Managed Switches, VPNs & WiFi (VLAN, Routing knowledge) Exchange Server (all versions) Experience with Hyper-V & VMware Infrastructure MCSA, MCSE, CCNA or VCP Certification is desired Azure & Office 365 Remote Desktop Server SQL Database and permissions VoIP administration Extensive knowledge of Active Directory Solid understanding of complex IP networks Project Management skills Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication, time management, project management Proficiency in presentation of technical and business subjects to technical and non-technical audiences Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and drive to be successful Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or assistance. Minimum five years relevant IT experience fully supporting and building SMB environments. Aptitude and desire to build and mentor a team of your own. Must have valid driver's license and access to a vehicle Professional yet fun and friendly attitude! 
ScrapedJobID493:
You are the go-to person for digital forensics on windows, linux and cloud platforms You have experience conducting forensic examinations as part of cyber security incident response You are a great communicator and report writer who can describe technical information in an easily understandable way to stakeholders You are a digital forensics source of knowledge keeping up-to-date on the latest artifacts and forensic methods Valued for your 5+ years of digital forensics and incident response experience Committed to continuous personal development to maintain and enhance your skills Maintain a professional certification in digital forensics (EnCE, GCFA, GCFE) Canadian Citizen, legal resident or resident with a legal work permit Experience as a cyber incident responder Experience in Big Data Analytics (Splunk, BigQuery...etc) Experience in Automation (Ansible, Python, scripting...etc) 
ScrapedJobID494:
Security research against A/D attacks to enrich our deception offering. Security research against OT attacks & protocols to drive more innovation to our new OT appliance. Generate a research document based on a deception network which deploy and expose to real attackers/malware. Run network attacks scenarios against our products before the release as part of the overall QA process. At least 3 years of experience in Security or Vulnerability Research. Strong knowledge of Windows/Linux internals & networking protocols such as TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP, Scada, IoT, etc. Solid knowledge of programming languages Experience writing code in C/C++ JavaScript and/or Python. Solid knowledge for AD environment, configurations and settings Self-directed, self-motivated with the ability to work with minimal supervision and be productive. Good communication skills and a team player Proven analytical and problem solving skills and out-of-the-box thinking. Familiar with packet capture analysis and penetration tools including Metasploit would be a plus Bachelor or Master of Computer Science or Electrical/Computer Engineering. 
ScrapedJobID495:
Setup/Stage New Client Machines Decommission Old Client Machines Create New User Accounts/Licenses Retire Outgoing User Accounts/Licenses Troubleshoot Hardware Issues (as needed) Document system reviews, recommendations, and internal processes and procedures Assist other departments and team members as needed (e.g. help desk, special client projects, etc.) Focused: your clients appreciate your patience and calm demeanor, no matter what issue, big or small, you’re facing. Process-oriented: you enjoy following systems and checklists to keep things organized for yourself and your clients. A team player: you’re always willing to lend a helping hand, wherever your team needs you. A lifelong learner: we know you don’t know everything there is to know about IT – and that’s okay! If you’re dedicated to improving your skills and expanding your knowledge, you’ll fit right in here. Experience diagnosing, troubleshooting and repairing technical issues Familiarity with technical support tools, techniques, and IT services technology Experience in a customer or client facing role in any industry A diploma or degree in computer science/information technology or an equivalent combination of skills and experience Experience working in the managed IT services industry is an asset Experience in an IT, technical support, and/or network administrator role is an asset This is an entry level position, and new graduates are welcome and encouraged to apply 
ScrapedJobID496:
Oversee/monitor access logs and privileges. Deliver or conduct the delivery of Information Security and contingency planning and disaster recovery programs for business units/departments across IESO. Contribute to the development of Information Security standards and procedures for business units consistent with corporate security objectives and generally accepted and leading edge Information Security practices and professional security standards and in coordination with IT Process Development Leaders and the Information Security Manager. Deliver the Information Security programs, including Information Security framework for applications, tools, anti-virus, encryption and fire walls, implementation support, identification of system vulnerabilities, system assessments, Information Security advice and consultation, business resumption planning and disaster recovery planning. Review and assess all requests for Exception and/or Exemption to policy. Provide input to supervision on all areas of Information Security. Contribute to the development/delivery of awareness training and general Information Security education. Investigate all identified security breaches, or concentrated attempts at breaching IESO security. Report the results of Technical Information Security assessments with conclusions, recommendations for improvement, planned management actions, follow-up status to Supervisor/Management Team. As required, will lead projects, assign work, resolve problems and assess performance. Review new and updated systems/applications to ensure that security is configured properly. Work with business units to determine data classification and ownership/custodianship. Ensure there are adequate security tools available for performing system reviews. Report the results of technical IT Security assessments with conclusions, recommendations for improvement, planned management actions, follow-up status to Manager - Information Security, and business leaders. Keep abreast of developments in the areas of legal, regulatory, corporate requirements, technological developments and best practices in the Information Technology and Corporate Security field. Will have access/handle confidentiality issues, requiring high level of trust and integrity. Perform other duties/tasks/projects as required or assigned. Requires a sound knowledge of computer science, information technology and telecommunications systems. Excellent written and oral communication skills, in order to deal with end-users, review/input on procedures, standards and/or methods; and design/deliver training. This knowledge is considered to be normally acquired either through the successful completion of a university degree in the area of Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent. Requires experience coordinating/analyzing enterprise security systems on a diverse set of computing platforms, operating systems and applications, especially Windows NT and UNIX. Experience with networking products, large package and systems implementation. Previous experience as part of a large multi-disciplined project, and with systems vendors, which requires having sound project management skills. A period of over 8 years, up to and including 10 years is considered necessary to gain this experience. Functional/Technical Skills Customer Focus Approachability Problem Solving Action Oriented Learning on the Fly Priority Setting Self-Development Team and Collaboration Openness to Change Expertise with Humility Genuine Caring Commitment & Accountability Purposeful Engagement Competitive market wages Comprehensive benefit programs Programs and policies to support a balanced lifestyle A challenging fast-paced team environment Opportunity to work with some of the brightest people in the industry 
ScrapedJobID497:
Work Location: Open to cities across Canada MUST currently be living in Canada Must be eligible for an enhanced level security clearance ( i.e. minimum of 5 years residing in Canada) Participate as a cybersecurity consultant as part of larger capability deployment team to define, address and validate the fulfilment of security measures intended to fulfil the client’s security requirements; Assess client enterprise environments, systems, policies, governance and procedures to identify gaps and variances from recognized cybersecurity best practices and provide sound recommendations for remediation; Alone or as part of a team, develop security and risk related documentation to establish or improve the client’s cybersecurity program; Conduct the full span of security accreditation and authorization activities to allow clients to implement trusted operations on environments, systems and services within a balanced and managed level of acceptable risk; and Create and deliver presentations and/or discuss technical options and solutions with clients, inspiring confidence and forming strong trusted relationships between CGI and our clients. Conduct security risk and compliance assessments of client enterprise systems and environments to determine cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks; Develop security test plans, test cases, gather and validate test results against compliance requirements; Conduct required information gathering through interviews, workshops, questionnaires and documentary evidence; Provide cybersecurity analysis of information gathered to identify vulnerabilities, risks and compliance gaps; Provide recommendations to reduce residual risks to levels that are prudent and acceptable to the client; Either alone, or as part of a team, conduct IT certification assessments to meet requirements outlined in security standards and achieve accreditation and/or Authority To Operate, including Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A) activities under the ITSG-33 methodology; Create tailored cybersecurity governance frameworks, policies, standards, training and compliance assurance documentation in support of the client’s cybersecurity program; and Create reports and presentations of a high standard, demonstrating excellent communications skills in English (mandatory) and French (desirable). Minimum six years of directly relevant cybersecurity risk management experience; Sound objective knowledge of security topologies, network security best practices and the application of suitable security safeguards; A sound knowledge of security monitoring and response capabilities in conventional, Cloud and hybrid environments; A strong understanding and experience with common security standards and frameworks, including but not limited to NIST SP 800-53, ISO 27001/2, PCI, GDPR, SCADA, SWIFT, etc; Sound knowledge of Government of Canada security guidelines and standards, including but not limited to ITSG-33 and the technical control requirements of the Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A) process; Experience working with proposals and RFP submissions, including estimating effort, cost and schedules Demonstrated ability for analytical thinking and self-directed research in cybersecurity topics; Ability to obtain a Government of Canada security clearance to Reliability status (Level II – Secret preferred); A strong ability to collaborate and be part be part of an effective team; and Ability to speak, write and communicate clearly and effectively in fluent English. Effective written and verbal communication skill in French; Training and certification in Cloud environments, especially those related to Cloud governance and security; and The ability to obtain a Government of Canada Secret (Level II) security clearance. Compliance 
ScrapedJobID498:
You have a passion for helping lead a team to implement innovative and efficient solutions in pursuit of building an awesome product that will help improve people’s lives You desire to take healthcare to the next level by utilizing the latest cloud services and advances in software engineering to help provide solutions to complex problems Your first instinct is not to say “No” but to find ways to provide solutions to technical problems You are motivated by collaborating with a multidisciplinary team Work directly with Infrastructure and DevOps leadership to ensure that the Engineering Team has all the resources needed to build, deliver, and maintain the platform. Coordinate with the Product Team to ensure that team resources are allocated properly to meet product requirements. Ensure that a team climate based on trust, respect, and responsibility Coordinate with company leadership and other team leads to ensure the Engineering Team is aligned with the overall strategy, priorities, and goals of the company. Ensure that team members have tools and processes and resources they need to focus solely on building, delivering, and maintaining the platform. Proven track record in helping build innovative products Proven passion for learning. Organization and accountability within a fluid and constantly changing environment Excellent problem solving and problem preempting skills Willingness to go the distance to help Proven experience in a technical mentoring role Love working with a team 5+ years experience with writing Cloudformation, CDK or Terraform as primary job function. 5+ years setting up and maintaining high availability multi-region deployments and infrastructure. Experience setting up infrastructure such as server-less, SQS, message queues, databases, user identity management, networking, firewall, and load balancers. Experience setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines. Experience setting up and maintaining monitoring tools such as Sentry, CloudWatch, XRay, ElasticSearch, Grafana, Splunk Deep understanding of cloud services and distributed programming paradigms Containerization and container orchestration experience is required; Kubernetes experience is a plus. Automation experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, or other similar language is a HUGE plus! Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field. We are a group of people who are bright, kind, and motivated by challenge. We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and healthcare. We love solving problems, thinking creatively, and trying new things. We believe in autonomy & taking initiative. We take what we do seriously, but we also know how to have fun. We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas. We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. You can be your authentic self here and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! 
ScrapedJobID499:
Business Users ITSM Team Leaders Applications Team Infrastructure Team Cyber Security Team Vendors Provide IT support for hardware, peripherals, mobile devices and software applications including maintenance, configuration, troubleshooting, upgrades, installation and training. Provide IT support for standard Audio Visual equipment in conference rooms. Ensure end user problems are responded to quickly and effectively. Work in Service Now queue log all incidents, requests, tasks or question escalating appropriately and maintaining contact with customers until resolution. Provide troubleshooting and support to various offices throughout North America. Assist in the completion of technical and system administration documentation. Aid in the maintenance of software and hardware inventory. Follow the Information Systems Controls and Policies, including change control procedures. Image, set up and deploy of desktop computers and peripherals. Provide assistance with IT administrative duties including procurement and asset tracking. Work closely with all IT groups as needed Administer on-site support for sales and construction offices located throughout North America. Provide superior support and solutions for internal clients including office and site staff. Act as a member of the on-call team rotation. Assist with project work for implementation of new systems or upgrading of existing systems. Assist with system testing prior to launch. Assist with documentation as needed. Support project deployment as needed. A minimum of 3 years of technical experience. University degree or diploma in Information Technology or a related discipline is required. A valid driver's license and vehicle are mandatory. Intermediate to advanced understanding of installation and support of desktop computers, telephony devices, printers, routers and switches. Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft desktop operating systems and application suites. Familiarity with industry related software This position is customer facing within the organization and therefore solid communication, interpersonal and organizational skills are required. Knowledge of ServiceNow. Good customer service with an appreciation of and the ability to display empathy Competitive compensation Excellent extended health benefits Flex-spending account Work-life balance RRSP matching Generous tuition assistance program Leadership development and mentorship programs Charitable donation matching A culture based on our values of Passion, Integrity and Community 
ScrapedJobID500:
Maintain multiple vulnerability programs Identify & implement automation wherever possible Track lifecycle of security vulnerabilities Prioritizing vulnerabilities discovered along with remediation timeline(s) Complete end-to-end VA to remediation support process Manage/update GRC tools Update/implement dashboards and reports for all vulnerability programs Participate collecting, assessing, and cataloging threat indicators Interaction with multiple global teams (security architecture, penetration testing, application development, network teams, etc. Think analytically and synthesize technical information from various sources High level of personal integrity, and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and demonstrate a high level of judgment and maturity. Excellent skills of verbal and written communications, relationship building, and influencing others. Bachelor’s degree in technology-related field, or in computer science with a specialization in telecommunications, or the equivalent work experience Bilingualism in French and English is required. Hands-on experience working with Prisma Cloud tool Hands-on experience deploying security solutions with at least one of the 3 major cloud types AWS, Azure, or GCP Having completed a certification in one of the 3 major cloud types AWS, GCP or Azure A security based professional qualification desirable (e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, GPEN) Knowledge of ISO 2700x, ITIL, and PCI-DSS. Minimum of 5 years professional work experience in information security Experience with security testing tools and methodologies in conducting vulnerability and application security assessments (AppScan & Tenable) Ability to analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure in order to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks. A track record of results and effectiveness in applications technical support, trouble-shooting and analysis, problem resolution, and service availability and reliability improvement roles. 
ScrapedJobID501:
Responding to and tracking requests for IT technical support from employees in person, via phone, and electronically Helping manage user accounts and subscriptions for licensed software Managing software upgrade schedules, and installing software upgrades Configuring new computers (installing OS and software, deploying user profiles) Managing printers, scanners, video conferencing equipment and general user hardware Maintaining IT inventory lists Troubleshooting system and network problems, including diagnosing and helping to resolve hardware/software failures Identifying issues and engaging senior IT staff where appropriate 2+ years post secondary education in Network/IT/computers Experience in desktop/laptop hardware troubleshooting and parts upgrades Windows and MacOS desktop knowledge Networking experience is a plus (VPN, connectivity, working with ISPs) Good working knowledge of cybersecurity best practices and measures (antivirus, malware management, security policy implementation) Demonstrate initiative and be proactive about resolving issues Enjoy working with people from diverse professional backgrounds and thrive in a team-based environment, building solutions that meet specific needs across a diverse set of users Have strong communication skills, both written and verbal Have excellent documentation and organizational skills with impeccable attention to detail Be accountable, reliable, punctual, and resilient, with an unwavering work ethic The opportunity to work with an inspired team on challenging problems that matter An attractive compensation package, including health and lifestyle benefits A minimum of 3 weeks vacation A seat in our beautiful offices in Vancouver, BC, Canada Opportunities for personal and professional development 
ScrapedJobID502:
Develop and maintain an integrated cyber security compliance framework that meets legal and regulated cyber security requirements across Ledcor’s operating groups, ensuring alignment with industry best practices and Ledcor’s information security policies and standards Liaises with internal and external stakeholders in order to develop and operate the cyber security compliance processes and integrations Maintains the IT compliance program, ensuring critical controls are in place and functioning as expected, and that Ledcor is compliant with legal and regulatory requirements. Coordinates and facilitates the required IT audits, as well as third party cyber security compliance and ongoing validation of the security posture of our suppliers and vendors. Provide input to the creation and maintenance of cyber security policies and standards, ensuring that legal and regulatory requirements are addressed, while aligning with required frameworks and standards. Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Computer Science 5 – 10 years of experience in security governance, risk, and compliance CISSP, CRISC, CISA, ISO 27001 Lead Implementer, ISO 27001 Lead Auditor or similar certification preferred Experienced with cyber security frameworks including NIST, ISO, CIS, and similar Experienced in building cyber security compliance programs, preferably ISO 27001, PCI, ITGC, and similar experience along with internal audit and control programs Experienced in the providing input to the maintenance of cyber security policies and standards. Experienced in facilitating IT audits and vendor risk management program. Good project management skills, with the ability to work with little supervision. Experience working with multiple stakeholders at varying levels in the organization. Excellent collaboration and interpersonal skills. Demonstrated ability to build a positive team culture. Effective problem solving and analytical skills. 
ScrapedJobID503:
Put in place the proper sets of network security architecture controls to manage safety and security risk while enabling the business for technology systems such as: service-oriented-architectures; cloud technologies and containers; advanced analytics; AI; Industrial IoT;, networking infrastructure; mobile technologies; etc. Ensure the network security architecture is maintainable, sustainable and properly documented. Maintain and build relevant, current, valid and reliable team knowledge related to network security architecture. Facilitate key decisions involving network architecture and technologies. Advance security team accomplishments and competence by planning delivery of solutions; answering technical and procedural questions for less experienced team members; teaching improved processes; mentoring team members. Ensure the full documentation of security designs, as built architectures and operational processes through clear diagrams and well-written documents. Collaborate with the CISO, Sr Mgr Network Security Architecture, cybersecurity team, portfolio managers, other architects, and I&T leadership to understand the business direction and consequent impact on the security posture. Define the proper course of action and investment strategy by building business cases and security roadmaps. Engage the network security vendor ecosystem to understand capabilities and limitations to drive improvements in the security posture of current products, and assist in the selection of the right partners. Continuously monitor and evaluate the environment through self-assessments and independent security reviews. Enable management to identify deficiencies and inefficiencies and to initiate improvement actions though security roadmap and strategies. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, System Analysis or other relevant field At least one recognized network security certification: e.g. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), GIAC Certified Enterprise Defender (GCED), Cisco Certified Internetworking Expert (CCIE) – Security, Palo Alto Networks Certified Network Security Engineer (PCNSE), etc. Architecture related certifications (TOGAF, Zachman, CISSP-ISSAP, etc.) preferred Ability to define and organise an architecture security apparatus in reusable building blocks: patterns, services, components, capability models, etc; Demonstrated capability to understand the security implications of complex business operations and how they are linked to technological solutions that provide practical risk mitigation and business enablement; Strong knowledge of the processes, methodologies, tools and techniques, used for building large information technology systems; Proven experience in applying a structured approach to problem resolution in large, geographically dispersed organizations with 24/7 operations; Strong knowledge of the technologies and architecture principles required to secure complex network environments such as: 802.1X, Cisco ISE, packet capture and analysis, NetFlow, SFlow, NGFW, Zero Trust, VPN, VLANs, IDS, IPS, ACLs, device authentication, network behavior anomaly detection, SOAR, firewall configuration management, DDoS protection, etc; Deep understanding of network protocols and standard approaches for network segmentation. Ability to derive security requirements from vaguely formulated business needs; Ability to interact with a broad cross-section of personnel to explain and enforce security measures Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Detail-oriented self-starter with a high level of commitment and personal motivation; Knack for prioritizing tasks and working in a fast-paced environment; Knowledge of standards, regulations and legislation governing Information Security, e.g. NIST, ISO 27001, OWASP; Minimum 12 years overall IT work experience Minimum 8 years network security experience Minimum 5 years experience in network security architecture Virtual appliance configuration experience Experience with Agile and DevOps methodologies Knowledge of general IT security architecture and technologies including: service-oriented-architectures, mobile technologies including Mobile Device Management (MDM), data-centric design, advanced analytics, AI, Identity and Access Management (IAM) lifecycles, Digital Forensics, End Point Encryption, Encryption Key Management, Database Security, Enterprise Directory Services, IDS, IPS, Next Generation Firewall, Application Firewall, Enterprise Password Vaults , Cloud SaaS /PaaS/IaaS Security, SIEM, etc. In depth understanding of infrastructure and network architecture and design, LAN/WAN implementation, and Windows/Linux environments Deep knowledge of security foundations: cryptography, Root of Trust, security models, etc. Railroad, transportation, or Global industrial experience is a significant plus 
ScrapedJobID504:
Manages multi-platform networks and infrastructure comprised of high-performance network storage and a large rendering/compute farm with thousands of users across multiple locations Improves and pushes DevOps, infrastructure-as-code, and CI/CD systems to the next level Strong Linux and Windows admin/engineering experience Comfortable writing tools or automation in scripting languages (e.g. Python, Bash, Powershell) Experience using configuration management tools such as Puppet, Salt, or Ansible Experience in using development tools such as git, Jenkins, Jira Excellent organizational and time management skills, strong attention to detail Experience managing large multi-platform environments - mixed Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments Experience with Chocolately, Glazier, or other open-source Windows deployment systems Proficiency with network design and protocols such as DNS, DHCP, VLANs, routing protocols, firewalls Experience managing high-performance network-attached storage environments Visual effects or other media vertical experience Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID505:
Represent first stage of vertical escalation Be the point of contact, coordinator and mediator for all Priority 1 & 2 (Major) Incidents Global coordination and management of operational activities Responsible for planning and coordinating all the activities required to perform, monitor, and report on the incident management process Responsible for the implementation of the Incident Management Process Create, produce and analyze reporting for KPIs and ticket management Monitor the tickets to ensure that the SLA's are respected Identify trends and patterns, initiate, schedule and conduct ticket reviews Ensures Quality Control for Customer Support process Establish continuous improvement cycles where the people, performance, activities, responsibilities, policies, procedures and supporting technology are reviewed and enhanced Track service & process improvements and report on progress. Ensures compliance to global operational standards, procedures and best practices. Always ensures protection of customer systems and information Position includes on-call duties Bachelor's in computer science or equivalent 5+ years' experience in a Customer/Technical Support environment Strong communication skills (written/spoken) Well-organized with attention to detail Good customer-approach/very customer-centric ITIL-Foundation SaaS knowledge and experience Good general technical knowledge and understanding 
ScrapedJobID506:
Contribute to the development of the company-wide information security requirements, threat modeling, secure design, cryptography standards, third-party component, selection of approved tools, secure implementation and system monitoring Collaborate with product and commercial teams to implement security controls, validations, best practices, and enable mechanisms for incident response and data breach detection Respond to security alerts and work with the appropriate teams to investigate and triage them Perform real-time status monitoring of security equipment (IPS, firewalls, etc.) and systems (servers, clients, etc.) using various tools (e.g. SIEM) to identify potential security incidents, threats and vulnerabilities Perform troubleshooting and problem resolution on security equipment and systems Identify gaps in the security posture and work with the team to mitigate or remediate them Perform risk assessments against a variety of organizational elements, determining likelihood and impact of exploit, then proposing appropriate minimizing measures Leverage attack and vulnerability scanning tools to test, and enable the various teams to test, the organization's assets for vulnerabilities Engaged in Identity and Access Management (IAM) duties including: Maintain awareness and insight into internal and external software and systems Ensure the provisioning and management of credentials across multiple systems maintains alignment with the provisions of the information security management system (ISMS) Undertake regular supervisory inspections for non-compliant accounts (non-expiring passwords, stale/locked-out accounts, etc.) Take lead in regular IAM reviews including quarterly employment verification and privilege revalidation exercises Manage information security-related projects to completion, exerting influence and inspiring enthusiastic participation Maintain a list of approved managed cloud applications, ensure relevant aspects of the ISMS are adhered-to Facilitate audit activities as initiated from internal and external entities, following established policies and procedures Support sales process by fulfilling privacy and data protection questions, RFPs, reviews and consultation meetings as needed Gather and report on key performance indicators, generate readable and meaningful outputs which illustrate Intelex's information security posture Regularly review and update ISMS documentation, facilitating participation from owners and consulted individuals, then ensure that documents are properly registered in the Document Control system Reports directly to the Chief Information Security Officer Builds and maintains relationships with cross-functional teams within the organization Projects mature self-confidence, a sense of being able to take control of difficult, unpredictable situations and hold your own with other talented and strong-willed team members Motivates, guides, inspires, listens to and persuades others within the organization to help the company meet its security objectives Maintains a current understanding of the everchanging IT threat landscape This position requires: Natural time and project management acumen, able to handle many concurrent initiatives Extraordinary English language writing skills, able to author complete documents with little need for grammatical or formatting assistance and revision Above-average English language verbal communication skills, able to articulate ideas and concepts effectively Excellent work ethic, with little need for direct supervision Continuous learning mentality, able to maintain existing skillsets while progressively embracing new ones Understands the fundamental components of a Security Operations Center Ability to operate in a customer-facing capacity Exposure to a software development environment Exposure to managing technologies and supplier relationships with across security solution technology solutions such as EDR, DLP, IPS, IDS, SIEM, Cloud Security, etc. Experience with conducting incident investigations, response and recovery operations Experience with industry-standard risk assessment methodologies Experience performing security risk and/or vulnerability assessments Experience documenting technical operating processes and procedures Experience with common Information Security compliance frameworks such as ISO 27001 and NIST CSF Experience with threat modeling tools like the Microsoft Threat Modeling Tool and/or OWASP Threat Dragon and offensive attack tools like BurpSuite Exposure to common Data Privacy compliance frameworks such as GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA and HIPAA Exposure to common Financial compliance frameworks such as SOX Experience on a team that delivered successful information security outcomes within a compliance focused environment 2 or more years total experience in an information technology related role Preferring experience with any of the following compliance systems: ISO 27001, SOC 2/3, HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA and SOX Securing cloud software-as-a-service implementations leveraging third-party providers such as Azure, AWS or Google Knowledge of Environmental, Health & Safety and/or Quality Management Systems, considered an asset Completed post-secondary education in a related field such as Information Security, Cybersecurity, Risk Management, Information Systems or Computer Science CCSK, CCSP, CEH, OSCP or similar certifications preferred for external candidates Please note that this role requires a satisfactory Criminal Background Check and Public Safety Verification 
ScrapedJobID507:
At least three (3) years of experience working on cybersecurity assignments; Comfortable with most areas of cybersecurity, understanding the fundamentals and ability to explain simply to deliver the expected quality; Mastery of IT project management and ability to carry out, when necessary, all project phases (e.g., planning, monitoring, deployment, change management, etc.); Proficient in MS Office tools, both in terms of the tool itself, but also for the quality of deliverables; One or more experiences from the following areas:

Project management and/or business analysis in a cybersecurity context;
Product Owner of a cybersecurity product;
Data privacy;
Cybersecurity architecture;
Compliance and cyber risk governance;
Conducting cybersecurity audits;
Conducting vulnerability research and penetration testing. Project management and/or business analysis in a cybersecurity context; Product Owner of a cybersecurity product; Data privacy; Cybersecurity architecture; Compliance and cyber risk governance; Conducting cybersecurity audits; Conducting vulnerability research and penetration testing. Certifications considered an asset:
SSCP, CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, CISA, ISO 2700x;
Technology/cyber vendors (e.g., CompTIA S+, CyberArk, Splunk, Azure, AWS, etc.). SSCP, CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, CISA, ISO 2700x; Technology/cyber vendors (e.g., CompTIA S+, CyberArk, Splunk, Azure, AWS, etc.). Excellent oral and written communication skills in French and English. Level expected:
French: 4/4
English: 4/4
34495 #LI-Remote French: 4/4 English: 4/4
34495 #LI-Remote 37.5 hours per week; Opportunities to develop and grow your career; Work with diverse technologies, projects, clients and sectors; Spend your days in a creative and innovative environment; Share experience and knowledge as part of an agile and dynamic team; A great balance between work and personal life; Access to exciting educational opportunities (internal, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Personal recognition of your important professional contributions; Great cultural diversity across our teams. 
ScrapedJobID508:
Python Multiple Operating Systems (Windows, Mac, Linux) AWS Cloud Services VMWare GitHub Server virtualization and networking Regular expressions Scripting languages such as bash and PowerShell Functional programming Analytical mindset Self-starter, driven to succeed Development and testing of vulnerability and compliance benchmarks as prescribed and prioritized by customers and team leadership Support customers with issues pertaining to content published by Arctic Wolf Maintain a catalog of up-to-date compliance benchmarks and endpoint vulnerabilities Ability to prioritize vulnerabilities based on criticality and relevance Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN's Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information. Background checks are required for this position Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID509:
An excellent opportunity to expand your IT experience with a leading organization. Enjoy an attractive remuneration package plus benefits. Opportunities for continued training and self-paced courses to support your professional growth! Live and work in beautiful Prince Albert - where you can be on a lake fishing in less time than it takes most Canadians to drive home from the office! Helpdesk remote/on-site support; Completing work orders and network documentation Attending Pre-Sales Support meetings with clients as a consultant for the Sales Team; Successfully implementing and providing operational support of 3rd party systems including - Networking, Security and RMM, antivirus, EDR System Administration; Traveling to Customer sites (some remote locations) as required; Server, Desktop and Networking Hardware, MF printers and Peripheral Support; Working with other Technicians in System Projects and Upgrades; New Technology Evaluation and Implementation. Monitoring centralized services tools dashboards. Network Administration and Product Support Experience; Knowledge of the following: Microsoft, IBM, Lenovo, HP, Apple, Cisco, Meraki, SonicWall, Linux and Fortinet would be an asset. Hands on experience on storage systems NAS/SAN and DAS. Extensive Networking and System Administration experience in Windows operating systems, Exchange Server, Cisco, VMWare, Veeam, Office 365, Azure and VOIP Technology; Background in (NOC/SOC) IT Infrastructure Management and Security Monitoring Preferred; Understanding the Integration of various business applications and hardware to customer networks Ability to perform New Installs, Upgrades, Support backups and Disaster Recovery plans. Installing new software Installing new hardware (servers, printers, computer workstations, etc.) Setting up user accounts, permissions, and passwords Overseeing security of all systems, especially the internet, and installing antivirus protection Configuring firewalls, routing, and switching to maximize network efficiency and security Maximizing network performance through ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting Updating network equipment to the latest firmware releases Reporting network status to key stakeholders A valid Saskatchewan Driver’s License is required. Full benefits package; Life, short and long term disability insurance; Co-Shared RRSP: A friendly corporate culture and team members who proudly represent our core values; Opportunities for fully reimbursed continued training and courses are supported and promoted on an individual basis; and Relocation Assistance provided. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday On call Overtime Are you currently living in Canada? Are you legally entitled to work in Canada? IT support: 3 years (preferred) 25% (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID510:
Analyze and synthesize information, assess Cyber Security risk areas and opportunities and make recommendations on potential course of action. Work in a laboratory environment to develop and execute test cases, Monitor system design, provide design advice and troubleshoot various systems to support the laboratory and operational environment Be part of an Agile team contributing to the delivery of various cyber artifacts for integration into a larger system Work with products: Microsoft Enterprise network suite of software, McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO), VMware vSphere, ESXi & vCenter, Splunk Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or related technical/science/mathematics degree with proof of continuous development of Cyber Security related professional knowledge and/or skills. 1 or more years of related experience, including integration, regression, API, UI, system, black-box, performance, sanity and ad-hoc testing. Experience in one or more of these areas: Network Security principles and practice, Vulnerability Analysis, Threat Risk Assessment, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Splunk, Security Operations Center concepts with hands-on implementation as well as Operating System Hardening. Hands-On experience with one or more of the following products: Microsoft Enterprise network suite of software, McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO), VMware vSphere, ESXi & vCenter, Splunk Must be able to obtain and maintain Canadian Security Clearance and a positive Controlled Goods Assessment. Eligibility to work in Canada either as a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident. Industry certification such as CISSP, CEH, OSCP, GSEC, Security+, Network+, etc., or other related networking or security certifications would be viewed as an asset Knowledge and experience with current government and industry standards such as CSE ITS Guidance, DISA STIGs, ITSG-33, ITSG-22, NIST SP-800 suite, ISO/IEC and other related standards is an asset. Knowledge or experience of Security Operations Center (SOC) technologies such as Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion prevention System (IPS), and machine learning technologies is an asset. Working in an Agile development environment. A compressed nine-day fortnight and compressed hours – which means every other Friday off A personalized career development plan, alongside regular progress reviews - supporting and valuing your progression within the Company A flexible working environment where your contributions are recognized and rewarded with flexible benefits 
ScrapedJobID511:
mandatory Security experience Project coordination experience Optimizing processes Bilingual not mandatory. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders. Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams. Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network. 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID512:
Create detection engineering solutions to proactively identify and mitigate sophisticated threat actors (APTs/UNCs) and insider threats Analyze, research and reverse engineer Tactics Techniques and Procedures (TTPs) and malware samples to create detections based on industry leading frameworks such as MITRE ATT&CK Develop, plan, lead and participate in Purple Team Exercises focusing on and discovering and mitigating emerging threats Innovate and create novel solutions including User Behavior Analytics (UBA) models by leveraging Data Science and Machine Learning (ML), bringing cybersecurity and data science closer Collaborate and foster relationships with multiple teams including Adversary Emulation (Red Team), Data Science, Threat Intelligence, Security Operation Center (SOC) and Digital Forensics and Incident Response (DFIR) to drive pragmatic cyber security improvement Work closely with our dedicated Development team to create and enhance our threat hunting in-house developed products Assist in developing, implementing, and refining our defensive tradecraft and tooling Provide bespoke advisory and consultation services to senior executive management and perform as a cyber security SME for emerging threats and investigations Work and utilize vast data sources, data lakes and security vendor solutions In conjunction with other members of the Global Cyber Security group, you would ensure the ongoing enhancement of the threat hunting methodologies and overall strategy to detect and alert of cyber threats 5+ years of Cyber Security operations experience preferably comprised of both defensive and offensive roles Strong Innovative and outside of the box thinking mindset Strong communication and collaboration skills Familiarization with the cyber security Kill Chain phases and MITRE ATT&CK framework TTPs Knowledge of offensive security tools, techniques, and procedures Solid grasp of cyber security controls/products including both endpoint, network, application, and infrastructure Well-rounded knowledge of various cyber security domains, focusing on operational security Knowledge of current regional and global threat landscape Foundational knowledge of Python and SQL Cloud knowledge and expertise of leading cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Hands-on experience in malware analysis, reverse engineering, and security research Financial industry experience or previous experience working for a cyber security team or security vendor Prior experience conducting blue/purple team exercises or penetration testing Strong understanding of computing architecture, OS Internals and CPU architectures Programming languages such as C++/C#/JavaScript/Assembly Digital Forensics skills including memory/network/OS/disk forensics Defensive oriented certification such as GIAC GREM, GCFA or other reputable, technical, and defensive/offensive focused certification A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Opportunities to building close relationships with clients 
ScrapedJobID513:
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, client-facing role where delivering solid work products to exceed high expectations is a measure of success Business/IT strategy and outcomes planning. Multi-year capital and operational budget planning including projections for total cost of ownership. Act as a strategic lead and participate in the strategic direction of activities, such as, but not limited to: Develops, guides and leads Data Architecture Development (DAD), Data classification and inventory, Data governance, Data clean up Business application and technology rationalization; information\application\technology architecture development Best practice leadership for the Enterprise Architectural Design and Documentation. Application Portfolio Management. Enterprise information and technology roadmap alignment. Lead, Develop and deliver results individually collaborating with IT and BUSINESS for delivery. Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills Eager to contribute to a team-oriented environment Strong prioritization and multi-tasking skills with a track record of meeting deadlines Ability to be creative and analytical in a problem-solving environment Effective verbal and written communication skills Experience in successful delivery of projects within >= 2 of the common IT delivery categories – OCM, COTS, Application Development, Cyber Security, Cloud Computing, Business Intelligence, Data Migration, Business Transformation Specific experience within Regina, Saskatoon or Winnipeg would be a very strong bonus Formal Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma from a recognized educational facility 
ScrapedJobID514:
Develops sections the Rogers' Identity and Access Managements Solutions and Roadmaps Develop, document, and communicate strategic capabilities to provide secure and standardize solutions End to End Delivery of features, enhancements and projects related to security and specifically Identity and Access Management Business relationship management to understand business operations and functional needs, prioritization, and cultural change management Partnering with business and technology stakeholders to develop process and tools to optimize access within Rogers Effectively communicates information security risk to a diverse audience from technical staff to senior executives Focuses on more complex Identity and Access Management issues and provides pragmatic solutions and recommendations Aligns Information Security Governance activities with the strategies/plans for Security Architecture, Operations Evolves the Identity and Access Management Governance program to keep pace with Rogers' business needs (e.g. growth, acquisitions, new revenue streams) Defines to awareness and training initiatives Evaluate new and innovative solutions to address key strategic drivers Defines and reports metrics, KPI and KRI to provide meaningful state of Identity and Access Management in Rogers Operates and manages processes/tools to execute key Access Management controls (e.g. Role Engineering, Access reporting, Access Provisioning) Definition and refinement of processes for simplification, automation and/or self-service. 5-7 years of broad and deep Identity & Access Management experience. Emphasis on design and deployment. 5-7 years of relationship management experience required Specific required experience in areas below:
Customer IAM Functions
IAM Standards (SAML, OIDC, SCIM)
Role Based Authentication
Access Reporting
Access Provisioning Customer IAM Functions IAM Standards (SAML, OIDC, SCIM) Role Based Authentication Access Reporting Access Provisioning Experience with frameworks/standards such as NIST, ISO 27002, ISF Previous experience in the telecommunications and/or media industry is an asset Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or emphasis in security and/or processes related field CISSP or similar certifications Communicates effectively with meaningful and articulate verbal discussions Creates clear, concise and memorable written materials. Strong business and technical acumen Ability to work in composite teams and achieve goals and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Work independently with minimal supervision and direction Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID515:
Effectively manage the mitigation and remediation of application and infrastructure security incidents and identified vulnerabilities, which includes liaising with Senior Executives, IT Security and vendors Work with and provide guidance to security teams, both within Bell and external to Bell, as they perform infrastructure, application and code scans as well as PEN tests in order to uncover vulnerabilities within IT-CE systems Monitor the IT-CE department’s systems for security issues Document all security incidents and assess their actual or potential damage to Bell Perform root cause analysis and implement improvements to existing processes/procedures/best practices or the creation of new processes/procedures/best practices if they do not already exist Engage with delivery and process management teams to improve internal processes and procedures to proactively address security vulnerabilities Assess the latest internal and external security bulletins and propose a plan to remediate any threats that are applicable to IT-CE systems Stay current on IT security trends, news and standards Ensure Security Ops Team staff receive appropriate training to stay current; and Mentor Security Ops Team staff to ensure continued growth. Lead and actively participate in daily / weekly reviews with CE, IT and Corporate security teams Assist in the creation and presentation of regular status and trend analysis reporting to IT Leadership team Manage related supplier contracts Build effective relationships with Operational Support teams and delivery partners Experience with Application Security and Vulnerability Management programs that leverage SAST, DAST, IAST, network vulnerability scanners, etc. 5+ years of leadership experience in the Information Technology Security 5+ years of experience in vulnerability / incident management Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology Systems Security or related field Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Security+, ITIL and other IT, security or management certifications are also an asset Understanding of security frameworks (e.g. NIST Cybersecurity framework, ISO, PCI, SoX) and risk management methodologies Analysis of threats; Threat response proposals; Instituting cyber security and risk metrics for reporting; Recommending security processes to reduce business risk; Leading by example and ability to transfer your knowledge of cyber security best practices, tools and processes to your team members and other staff Since the position entails working with sensitive and confidential information, a high level of integrity is required Well-developed research, analytical and problem-solving skills to identify risks and propose appropriate mitigation strategies, where required Strong organizational skills to facilitate management of and tracking large volumes of data, activities, findings Ability to effectively communicate and foster strong working relationships with all levels of staff within the organization as well as external contacts Multitasking in high stress situations while ensuring that no details are missed Exercising good judgement when dealing with issues and ensuring a sense of urgency in their resolution while remaining calm and focused Taking the initiative and working proactively with minimal supervision 
ScrapedJobID516:

ScrapedJobID517:
Work with other teams to ensure ongoing compliance with PCI, ISO-27001, and other applicable industry and privacy regulations. Develop and maintain company’s Information Security Policies and Procedures. Collaborate with other internal teams to ensure that appropriate controls are implemented and are operating effectively. Monitor and assist in performing internal risk assessments. Assist with the development of control frameworks to meet business and regulatory Assisting in developing security and compliance strategy Monitor, identify and validate security events generated from internal SIEM and feeding subsystems such as Palo Alto firewalls, Sophos Security, AD logs, Office365, AWS with a focus on O365 security controls Working with the security team and as a member of the IT team, provide first and second level security support and ensure cybersecurity best practices Respond to critical business impacting situations and coordinate the efforts required to engage the proper resources to remediate the issue Act as primary escalator for CIRP (Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan). Coordinate major security incident situations and provide internal communications as defined by CIRP Monitor for attacks, intrusions and unusual, unauthorized or illegal activity Follow and establish process documentation for receipt of security alerts for monitored devices, acknowledge the receipt of the event, open and/or update service desk tickets to track the handling of events to resolution and closure, and assignment of the ticket to the appropriate owner Assist in researching and replicating targeted phishing and in administering monthly cybersecurity awareness training and phishing campaigns to the entire enterprise Monitor and document data flows for critical business applications Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering Minimum 3 years working experience as a SOC or Security Compliance Analyst Experience in managing compliance such as PCI, ISO-27001 and NIST (at least 2 of these) Experience in achieving security certifications. Know the fundamentals of IT security, hardening practices, and security management tools Knowledge in key areas such as: Firewalls, IDS, IPS, VPN, Remote Access, Security Logging, Vulnerability Management, Security Incident Response, and Penetration testing Good working knowledge of advanced endpoint analytics Have an understanding of AD, LDAP, Radius, DHCP, DNS Experience with cyber security tools such as Rapid7/Nexpose, Wireshark, endpoint Be available 24/7 availability for high severity incidents Nice to have industry certifications (CISSP, CISA, CISM) Excellent communication skills Effective business systems thinker and a good understanding of business process knowledge Demonstrated ability to deal effectively with others in a diverse environment Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects at one time Strong stakeholder management focus 
ScrapedJobID518:
Develop the scripts or programs to penetrate and infiltrate systems and ICT technologies in our scope. Comprehensive knowledge of computer systems, Databases, Applications ( e.g. WEB, LDAP, RADIUS, REST API and SAML API .. ) and network security : including system vulnerabilities analysis and penetration testing. Insight into how hackers exploit the human element to gain unauthorized access to secure systems Conduct penetration tests to show how vulnerabilities can be exploited to compromise the system to gain access, leaking data, privilege escalation, modify system configurations, create covered channels for later access in details Conduct penetration tests on hardened system to prove secure baselines are trust worthy for accreditation to go-live. Collect, review, and analyze security related logs; recognize problems by identifying abnormalities and possible caused of being compromised Investigate events or incidents of apparent security breaches and report to appropriate authorities using corporate procedures. Keep up with the latest methods for ethical hacking and testing and are always evaluating new penetration testing tools. 3+ years of experience in an information penetration test role. 2+ years of working experience in vulnerability analysis and management role Pentester practiced background (CVE, Pentest reports, Tech articles may be asked as proofs) Familiarity with programming language in C, Python, SQL and HTML/Javascript is mandatory Familiar with security testing frameworks (such as OSSTMM, ISSAF, OWASP, WASC-TC, PETES) Working knowledge of information security testing technologies including Nessus, NMAP, BURP, MetaSploit, SQLmap, Aircrack-ng, kismet, Cain, Ettercap, SCoopLM, KerbCrack and tools included in Kali Linux. Working knowledge and penetration test skills on information technologies including Linux, Windows, VMWare, MySQL, MSSQL, Oracle, IIS, Apache and Tomcat. Quick learner and independent research ability High responsibility and time sensitive on duties Target driven and efficient working style Strong organization and time-management skills Keen attention to details Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Security or related field; A certification in one or more of the following strongly desirable: CISSP CEH, CHFI, ECSA or LPT OSCP 
ScrapedJobID519:
Identify and lead the appropriate subject matter experts to participate in the identification and analysis of risk scenarios. Identify and lead the determination of appropriate action plans for risk remediation. Develop and maintain risk reporting dashboards and metrics to highlight program gaps and effectiveness. Work with departmental members to identify and tack required tasks related to IT Security and Risk. Develop, maintain, and test Business Continuity Plans to aid in the continuation of business operations during an unplanned disruption in services. Develop, maintain and test Disaster Recovery Plans to provide to aid in the recovery of critical technology following a natural or human-induced disaster. Assist with and perform internal IT Security Audits. Research security enhancements and make recommendations to senior leadership. Own and modify appropriate system configuration settings; establish best practices and maintenance standards for assigned systems. Develop and upkeep of documentation for all responsible environments. Perform official change control as necessary. Acts as subject-matter expert (SME) and provide after-hour support and on-call support as required. Experience in Enterprise Risk Management. Experience with enterprise information security. Experience troubleshooting complex systems issues, strongly preferred. Experience delivering content and training to large groups. Strong customer service and oral/written communication skills required. Ability to work independently and produce results, given general priorities, required. Demonstrated self-starter, able to prioritize tasks and stay organized. Must be comfortable working in a collaborative team environment 
ScrapedJobID520:
Reviewing and negotiating contractual requirements related to security and compliance. Reviewing and analyzing SOC, SIG, Network and Web Application reports of third parties/vendors. Manage third party vendor assessment cycle. Issuing Risk Acceptance Memos, communicating information security issues to stakeholders and ensuring their understanding of associated risks and actions needed to remediate those risks. Collaborating effectively with stakeholders from IT, Procurement, Legal, Privacy. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) risk management: 7 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID521:
Conduct a broad range of analyses, define architectures and solutions, and provide technical recommendations with respect to specific IT service delivery functions defined within the Flexiti Security Service Strategy and Service Design categories:
Architecture Management
Define a blueprint for the future development of the technological landscape, taking into account the service strategy and newly available technologies. The incumbent will be a domain expert with business acumen that aligns to Flexiti’s business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption.
Demand Management
Understand and anticipate internal client demand for services. Demand Management is coupled with Capacity Management to ensure that the level of IT provisioning is sufficient to meet the required demand.
Availability Management
Define, analyze, plan, measure and improve all factors related to the availability of IT services thereby ensuring that the IT applications, infrastructure, processes and tools are appropriate for maintaining agreed availability targets.
Architectural Governance
Develop Flexiti’s security Architectural Governance in alignment with Corporate Governance by developing guidance on effective and equitable usage of resources to ensure sustainability of Flexiti’s strategic objectives. Architecture Management
Define a blueprint for the future development of the technological landscape, taking into account the service strategy and newly available technologies. The incumbent will be a domain expert with business acumen that aligns to Flexiti’s business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption. Define a blueprint for the future development of the technological landscape, taking into account the service strategy and newly available technologies. The incumbent will be a domain expert with business acumen that aligns to Flexiti’s business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption. Demand Management
Understand and anticipate internal client demand for services. Demand Management is coupled with Capacity Management to ensure that the level of IT provisioning is sufficient to meet the required demand. Understand and anticipate internal client demand for services. Demand Management is coupled with Capacity Management to ensure that the level of IT provisioning is sufficient to meet the required demand. Availability Management
Define, analyze, plan, measure and improve all factors related to the availability of IT services thereby ensuring that the IT applications, infrastructure, processes and tools are appropriate for maintaining agreed availability targets. Define, analyze, plan, measure and improve all factors related to the availability of IT services thereby ensuring that the IT applications, infrastructure, processes and tools are appropriate for maintaining agreed availability targets. Architectural Governance
Develop Flexiti’s security Architectural Governance in alignment with Corporate Governance by developing guidance on effective and equitable usage of resources to ensure sustainability of Flexiti’s strategic objectives. Develop Flexiti’s security Architectural Governance in alignment with Corporate Governance by developing guidance on effective and equitable usage of resources to ensure sustainability of Flexiti’s strategic objectives. Strategy & Planning
Maintain an in-depth knowledge of the company’s strategic business plans.
Provide architectural consulting expertise, direction, and assistance to Business Systems Analysts, Business Solutions Architects, Infrastructure team, and Application Developers.
Evaluate and document the company’s existing security architecture and technology portfolio.
Identify potential sources of application security risk, prioritizing them based on risk impact.
Develop and document multiple options for revised IT architectures and changes to the technology portfolio, with recommendations for security optimization and cost/benefit analyses for each option.
Provide guidance on Threat Assessment and Response initiatives in alignment with the strategic and operational objectives of the technology organization and the business.
Understand and articulate to key stakeholders how information aspects of the Security Architecture help achieve business strategy.
Develop, document, communicate and enforce a technology standards policy.
Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of infrastructure development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and infrastructure flexibility.
Design, develop and oversee implementation of end-to-end integrated security systems.
Identify where change is required (development of a Gap mitigation plan) in order to keep the Security Architecture vital, sustainable and ready to support business capabilities.
Ensure alignment between different domains of IT architecture.
Define the Security Architecture framework in order to have non-redundant, integrated, cost-effective solutions with a common foundation for all systems.
Help define and articulate a strategic roadmap to enable Flexiti’s current and future security needs, based on the IT strategic roadmap and Business strategy.
Support other domain architects - Address technical architectural issues throughout the construction of a solution to ensure that it remains true to the defined technical solution architecture. Maintain an in-depth knowledge of the company’s strategic business plans. Provide architectural consulting expertise, direction, and assistance to Business Systems Analysts, Business Solutions Architects, Infrastructure team, and Application Developers. Evaluate and document the company’s existing security architecture and technology portfolio. Identify potential sources of application security risk, prioritizing them based on risk impact. Develop and document multiple options for revised IT architectures and changes to the technology portfolio, with recommendations for security optimization and cost/benefit analyses for each option. Provide guidance on Threat Assessment and Response initiatives in alignment with the strategic and operational objectives of the technology organization and the business. Understand and articulate to key stakeholders how information aspects of the Security Architecture help achieve business strategy. Develop, document, communicate and enforce a technology standards policy. Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of infrastructure development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and infrastructure flexibility. Design, develop and oversee implementation of end-to-end integrated security systems. Identify where change is required (development of a Gap mitigation plan) in order to keep the Security Architecture vital, sustainable and ready to support business capabilities. Ensure alignment between different domains of IT architecture. Define the Security Architecture framework in order to have non-redundant, integrated, cost-effective solutions with a common foundation for all systems. Help define and articulate a strategic roadmap to enable Flexiti’s current and future security needs, based on the IT strategic roadmap and Business strategy. Support other domain architects - Address technical architectural issues throughout the construction of a solution to ensure that it remains true to the defined technical solution architecture. Operational Management
Collaborate with end users and senior management to define business requirements in support of complex systems development efforts and to gain buy-in for all technology plans.
Engage with the organization and IT team to identify and prioritize continuous improvement in Cyber response capabilities.
Provide guidance for the delivery of the Cyber Incident Response Program.
Work with external (Third parties) and internal clients (Internal Audit) to remediate identified gaps.
Review new and existing IT projects, systems designs and procurement/outsourcing plans for compliance with IT standards and architectural plans.
Provide guidance to junior members of the team. Collaborate with end users and senior management to define business requirements in support of complex systems development efforts and to gain buy-in for all technology plans. Engage with the organization and IT team to identify and prioritize continuous improvement in Cyber response capabilities. Provide guidance for the delivery of the Cyber Incident Response Program. Work with external (Third parties) and internal clients (Internal Audit) to remediate identified gaps. Review new and existing IT projects, systems designs and procurement/outsourcing plans for compliance with IT standards and architectural plans. Provide guidance to junior members of the team. You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits 10+ relevant experience, with 5+ years work experience as an Security Engineer/Architect. Good understanding of application security concepts such as SAST & DAST. Good understanding of the architectural principles of cloud-based platforms including IaaS, PaaS and SaaS. In AWS and Azure. Good understanding of cloud security and knowledge of enterprise security practices. Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering and analysis. Proven experience in systems design and development. Strong understanding of information processing principles and practices. Knowledge of security standards (ISO 27001, NIST 800-53, etc.) frameworks (NIST Cybersecurity, etc.) and regulations (particularly in financials) is preferred. Solid knowledge of network technologies, hardware platforms and operating systems. Solid understanding of security requirements through the entire technology stack. Solid Knowledge of current software, protocols and standards. Excellent knowledge of hardware and software evaluation principles and practice. Knowledge of multiple programming languages and development methodologies. Proven project planning and management experience. Strong knowledge of Cyber Simulations, Threat Modelling, and Penetration testing. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. 
ScrapedJobID522:

ScrapedJobID523:
Can read/write code in at least one programming/scripting language and open to learning more 4+ years of experience delivering application security projects/services or equivalent industry experience in related fields such as software engineering/programming, cloud, quality assurance, etc. Understand basic software development concepts and tooling (typical SDLC, IDEs, pipelines, code repositories, etc) Familiar with basic risk management concepts (e.g. risk and vulnerability ratings, activities in a typical threat-risk assessment, impact/likelihood, etc) Understanding of basic application security vulnerabilities (e.g. OWASP Top 10) Strong presentation, speaking, collaboration, and writing skills Curious, self-motivated, life-long learner, empathetic, collaborative, comfortable with uncertainty. Willing to obtain Canadian federal Reliability security Bachelors’ degree in Computer science, CIS/MIS, engineering, information security, or related Industry recognized certification such as CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, etc Prior experience in consulting Prior experience with threat modelling, performing DAST/SAST/SCA scans or pen-tests, standing up and configuring appsec tools, and/or integrating tools into a development pipeline Basic cloud proficiency with GCP, AWS, or Azure Basic understanding of agile/devops methods Understand basic networking concepts (e.g. DNS, LANs/WANs/VLANs, common protocols like HTTP(s), etc) French language proficiency 
ScrapedJobID524:
Designing and administering secure internal, external and cloud networks. Working with best in class Firewall and Unified Threat Management technologies. Working with Cloud network technologies. Actively looking for ways to enhance our network infrastructure. 3+ years experience as an IT Security Professional with strong technical knowledge of enterprise cloud infrastructure security, application security, Penetration Testing, DevSecOps, Enterprise Firewalls, IDS, IPS, VPN, SIEM, Risk Management. A community college diploma, university degree or equivalent work experience, with courses in network technologies, operating systems, scripting, programming, algorithms and related technologies. Technical ability to identify security threats and provide guidance to appropriate leadership to ensure the implementation of mitigating controls. Strong written and verbal communication skills to communicate effectively with individuals with varying levels of technical understanding at all levels of the organization. A desire to influence positive change and the ability to work effectively with leadership to contribute to the development of enterprise-wide security strategy. Experience identifying, mitigating and reporting IT Security Incidents as defined in our organization’s incident management process. Familiarity with defined industry best practices and frameworks such as NIST. Experience working in an on-call rotation. Commitment to continuous learning and development. Ability to foster collaborative relationships across departments and effectively engage business partners. Experience with the implementation of cloud security controls within the GCP environment. Experience with the implementation and ongoing support of an enterprise security awareness program. Experience working with application development teams to define and implement a DevSecOps approach to application development and security. Technical knowledge of IBM Qradar, Fortinet Products, Aruba Networking Devices, remote access technologies. Technical knowledge of multifactor authentication, and alternate authentication methods. Technical Understanding of Zero Trust methodologies. Experience working in a fast past technical environment within the financial services industry. Experience creating and an ability to follow technical documentation and procedures. Benefits Plan Pension Plan Social Club Learning & Development Current Career Opportunities Career Choices 
ScrapedJobID525:
mandatory Security experience Project coordination experience Optimizing processes Bilingual not mandatory. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders. Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams. Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network. 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID526:
Manages multi-platform networks and infrastructure comprised of high-performance network storage and a large rendering/compute farm with thousands of users across multiple locations Improves and pushes DevOps, infrastructure-as-code, and CI/CD systems to the next level Strong Linux and Windows admin/engineering experience Comfortable writing tools or automation in scripting languages (e.g. Python, Bash, Powershell) Experience using configuration management tools such as Puppet, Salt, or Ansible Experience in using development tools such as git, Jenkins, Jira Excellent organizational and time management skills, strong attention to detail Experience managing large multi-platform environments - mixed Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments Experience with Chocolately, Glazier, or other open-source Windows deployment systems Proficiency with network design and protocols such as DNS, DHCP, VLANs, routing protocols, firewalls Experience managing high-performance network-attached storage environments Visual effects or other media vertical experience Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID527:
Work with other teams to ensure ongoing compliance with PCI, ISO-27001, and other applicable industry and privacy regulations. Develop and maintain company’s Information Security Policies and Procedures. Collaborate with other internal teams to ensure that appropriate controls are implemented and are operating effectively. Monitor and assist in performing internal risk assessments. Assist with the development of control frameworks to meet business and regulatory Assisting in developing security and compliance strategy Monitor, identify and validate security events generated from internal SIEM and feeding subsystems such as Palo Alto firewalls, Sophos Security, AD logs, Office365, AWS with a focus on O365 security controls Working with the security team and as a member of the IT team, provide first and second level security support and ensure cybersecurity best practices Respond to critical business impacting situations and coordinate the efforts required to engage the proper resources to remediate the issue Act as primary escalator for CIRP (Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan). Coordinate major security incident situations and provide internal communications as defined by CIRP Monitor for attacks, intrusions and unusual, unauthorized or illegal activity Follow and establish process documentation for receipt of security alerts for monitored devices, acknowledge the receipt of the event, open and/or update service desk tickets to track the handling of events to resolution and closure, and assignment of the ticket to the appropriate owner Assist in researching and replicating targeted phishing and in administering monthly cybersecurity awareness training and phishing campaigns to the entire enterprise Monitor and document data flows for critical business applications Bachelor's Degree / Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering Minimum 3 years working experience as a SOC or Security Compliance Analyst Experience in managing compliance such as PCI, ISO-27001 and NIST (at least 2 of these) Experience in achieving security certifications. Know the fundamentals of IT security, hardening practices, and security management tools Knowledge in key areas such as: Firewalls, IDS, IPS, VPN, Remote Access, Security Logging, Vulnerability Management, Security Incident Response, and Penetration testing Good working knowledge of advanced endpoint analytics Have an understanding of AD, LDAP, Radius, DHCP, DNS Experience with cyber security tools such as Rapid7/Nexpose, Wireshark, endpoint Be available 24/7 availability for high severity incidents Nice to have industry certifications (CISSP, CISA, CISM) Excellent communication skills Effective business systems thinker and a good understanding of business process knowledge Demonstrated ability to deal effectively with others in a diverse environment Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects at one time Strong stakeholder management focus 
ScrapedJobID528:
Identify network and middleware security vulnerabilities and offer resolution advice Conduct risk assessments, threat modeling, privacy assessments and information security reviews on internal systems, applications, and platforms Work directly with internal business units to communicate risk and help resolve open vulnerabilities Understand and help execute information security program goals Monitor and manage security alerts from key information security dashboards (IDS, antivirus, EDR, centralized logging, etc) Perform malware investigations, penetration testing, and threat hunting Participate in incident response activities Automate and integrate security tools and activities Provide security remediation advice and training to technical personnel Develop and enhance internal security processes, programs, and procedures Defining cloud security policies, procedures, solutions 2+ years of information security experience Experience with network security tools, network traffic analyzers, vulnerability management (e.g., Rapid7, Nessus, Qualys), and SOAR platforms (e.g., Splunk Phantom, Palo Alto XSOAR (Demisto)) An understanding of PowerShell, Python, Perl, or other scripting languages Splunk experience Experience with AWS services Candidates should be interested in keeping up with the latest security trends, and enjoy performing code / architecture reviews and penetration test activities 
ScrapedJobID529:
Provide daily operational support for security solutions (including responding to alerts) and end user requests (including access requests, URL filtering); Analyze security incidents, perform root cause analysis, and participate in security incident response; Work with Managed Services Providers (MSSP) to:
Create and monitor incidents and requests;
Investigate potential security incidents escalated by the MSSP, including threat hunting based on indicators of compromise;
Accompany the Managed Service Provider in integrating new log sources into the SIEM for security monitoring and participate in use case review sessions. Create and monitor incidents and requests; Investigate potential security incidents escalated by the MSSP, including threat hunting based on indicators of compromise; Accompany the Managed Service Provider in integrating new log sources into the SIEM for security monitoring and participate in use case review sessions. Participate as an advanced resource in the implementation, configuration, and management of security solutions:
security filtering and scanning;
endpoint solutions;
certificate management;
access and privileged access management;
self-service solutions;
vulnerability management platform. security filtering and scanning; endpoint solutions; certificate management; access and privileged access management; self-service solutions; vulnerability management platform. Optimize the use and configuration of security solutions and automate manual processes; Participate in remediating vulnerabilities with other internal and external teams, including service providers; Create and document configurations, processes, procedures, and security operational playbooks; Assist with identity and access management activities. 5-9 years of relevant experience; Experience investigating incidents with a major SIEM vendor; Familiarity with Microsoft Active Directory integrated certificate authority; Experience with:
Microsoft Azure/O365 (e.g. Security and Compliance Center);
Endpoint Protection Platforms. Microsoft Azure/O365 (e.g. Security and Compliance Center); Endpoint Protection Platforms. Strong Microsoft Windows 10 and Windows Server skills, including Active Directory, GPOs; Strong troubleshooting experience; Understanding of Networking concepts, including switching, routing, OSI layers; Ability to quickly learn new technologies and respond to changing requirements and environments; At least one of the following Information Security Certifications:
CEH, GSEC / GCIH / GCIA, CISSP, Security+. CEH, GSEC / GCIH / GCIA, CISSP, Security+. Communication with teams in French and English, spoken and written. Level expected:
French: 4/4
English: 4/4
39686 #LI-Hybrid French: 4/4 English: 4/4
39686 #LI-Hybrid 37.5 hours per week; Opportunities to develop and grow your career; Work with diverse technologies, projects, clients and sectors; Spend your days in a creative and innovative environment; Share experience and knowledge as part of an agile and dynamic team; A great balance between work and personal life; Access to exciting educational opportunities (internal, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Personal recognition of your important professional contributions; Great cultural diversity across our teams. 
ScrapedJobID530:
Develop and implement security / safety policies, protocols and procedures Control budgets for security operations and monitor expenses Recruit, train and supervise security officers and guards Attend meetings with other managers to determine operational needs Plan and coordinate security operations for specific events Coordinate staff when responding to emergencies and alarms Review reports on incidents and breaches Investigate and resolve issues Create reports for management on security status Analyze data to form proposals for improvements (e.g. implementation of new technology) Working with managers, develop, implement and maintain health and safety programs to meet the needs of the Production facilities. Research and stay current with health and safety industry trends; identify opportunities to be innovative in program development and delivery Prepare and provide on-going communication to management outlining companywide H&S metrics, achievements and challenges Maintain internal H&S records/reporting system (safety meetings, inspections, conditions found/resolved, incident statistics) with the purpose to demonstrate compliance and provide guidance and direction to managers and employees on safe work practices and accident/injury prevention Ensure new hires are provided health and safety orientation and training, including the completion of all required documentation. Continuously conduct inspections and reviews of all production facilities; provide timely feedback and support to manage standards. Support managers and employees with regular safety meetings, toolbox talks and compliance risks. Manage all work-related injury claims by communicating with WSIB with respect to workplace incidents, overseeing back to work program planning, responding to WSIB requests for information and managing appeal process when required. Monitor and follow up on workers placed in modified work programs. Ensure compliance to the Company Environment License and associated environment permits. Responsible for the management of the above ground solvent tanks, the underground containment tank and associated monitoring wells and for the development and management of the environmental spill response plan under the Manitoba Environment License Frequent computer use including repetitive wrist and hand movement Light to moderate lifting is required Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions Flexibility in hours Warm and humid production environment Constant walking, bending, inspecting, kneeling Frequent observations First point of contact for the Security team during all shifts Ability to obtain a Valid Manitoba Security License 5-7 years’ experience in Security and Health & Safety Proven experience as security / risk manager or similar position Experience using relevant technology and equipment Excellent knowledge of security protocols and procedures Experience in reporting and emergency response planning Expert in OHSA legislations as well as Employment Standards Act Experience in manufacturing environment · Familiar with OHSAS 18001 or other H&S auditing experience is an asset Knowledge in performing hazard & risk assessments and develop control measures Experience in assisting with health and safety training and program development Solid understanding of budgeting and statistical data analysis Working knowledge of MS Office Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Outstanding organizational and leadership skills Committed and reliable High school diploma: Further education in security administration or similar field will be an asset Degree or Certificate in Occupational Health & Safety Must be able to provide clear criminal record check 
ScrapedJobID531:
Demonstrated experience and expert knowledge of Microsoft Windows Endpoint and Server Operating Systems. Demonstrated experience and expert knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications, and O365. 2007 and above. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of Cisco networking devices, such as Switches/Routers/IP Phones. Exposure to CAD or other drafting/engineering software would be an advantage. Interest and experience with cloud solutions such as AWS and Azure would be an advantage. Enthusiastic team player, who works well unsupervised. Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID532:
Responsible for IT systems and software, including Clinic network infrastructure, internet services, endpoint workstations, corporate laptops, Active Directory, MS365, Azure, Cloud PBX, and other applications to provide technical support and incident management Effectively execute and manage the IT Service Desk function by meeting SLAs to ensure seamless IT support and service to the field Troubleshoot problems, determine root cause issues, and resolve problems to prevent reoccurrence and/or down-time Implement an IT ticket system, utilizing best practices and implementing procedures that meet the needs of the business Work with and manage the service provided by suppliers and third-party service providers to ensure business needs are being met Manage IT assets and the procurement process of IT equipment and software to ensure high quality of operations and cost efficiency Review the asset management lifecycle process, recommend, and implement improvements Audit asset management inventory records to ensure integrity in purchasing/leasing processes and decisions, including tracking of software licenses, warranties, maintenance agreements, requisitions, and vendor contracts Update/improve IT process and procedures to meet changing business and technology needs Provide the business with required processes and procedures, learning materials, and useful tools and tips to improve employees’ self-serve ability With support from senior management, plan and execute day-to-day IT projects Proactively suggest process improvements to improve IT operations Post- secondary education with a focus on Computer Science, Technology, or a related field, combined with any industry relevant certification would be considered an asset 5+ years’ experience in both a technical and help desk/customer facing role, providing support to multi-site operations (preferably in retail) Strong communication skills (written and verbal) A friendly personality with the ability to establish a positive rapport with others Strong organization and planning skills with the ability to effectively execute on short term and long term initiatives and projects Results oriented and comfortable with juggling multiple priorities in a fast-paced and patient facing environment Strong command of network design, configuration, and maintenance Familiarity with troubleshooting and design/deployment/maintenance of firewalls and network switches Experience with Microsoft/Office 365 deployments, migrations, and day to day management Deployment/installation of network PC’s and line-of-business applications Experience with troubleshooting and deployment/maintenance of VMware Hands on knowledge of industry leading on-premises and cloud backup technologies Experience with VOIP Phone Systems considered an asset Hands on knowledge of industry leading on-premises and cloud backup technologies Strong understanding of topical/current IT security issues, risks, and solutions, with ability to implement infrastructure changes/new technologies with a focus on security Familiarity with the design, implementation and ongoing configuration/maintenance tasks required for On-Premises and Hosted Microsoft Windows Servers, including Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange Server experience. Valid driver’s license and regular access to a reliable vehicle Bonus pay Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID533:
Liaison between the application, security, and technical support group. Collaborate with leadership, partners, and third parties. Accountable for IT security policies and standards. Input to the setting of the Information Protection Strategy, Input to the setting of the Information Protection Strategy Complete scoping, planning and execution of IT/OT compliance and risk assessments. Accountable for compliance policies and privacy, working with CIO, Risk Management and Privacy leadership. Provide advisory services to internal stakeholders, project teams and management to ensure adoption of policies and standards Provide guidance in developing technical level procedures needed for alignment with security policy and standards Maintain repository of IT security policies/standards and coordinate policy exceptions Identify, prioritize, and track internal and external requirements for changes in IT security policies and standards Establish common approaches for monitoring of compliance efforts, remediation of control gaps and continuous improvement for key processes and procures while ensuring compliance requirements, risks and associated controls are well understood, clearly defined and well-documented. Ensure appropriate governance and change control arrangements are operating across the business. Ability to use analytical skills to evaluate data. Designs, develops, promotes, and applies preventative measures to reduce loss, protect employees, customers, and the company. 3 to 5 years’ experience in the field of information security, IT governance, compliance, and risk management. Post-Secondary Diploma/Degree specialization in Information Technology, Business, Commerce. Professional Certification in CISSP, CRISC, CISM , CISA. Highly disciplined and professional handling confidential information. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical staff. A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including motivational, conflict resolution, and relationship management skills. Strong analytical skills with the ability to problem-solve to well-judged decisions. Self-motivated and decisive with the ability to adapt to change and competing demands. A strong team-player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization. Technical competence using software programs, including, but not limited to, Google Suite for business, Microsoft O365. Day shift 
ScrapedJobID534:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Ensure that security controls are implemented consistently and continuously maintained, leveraging best practices Become a trusted partner with application owners to define necessary security controls as new use cases are identified Develop an inventory of external properties, owners and production support teams Building and managing relationships is the key. You will help application owners enable/maintain security controls for internet facing web applications. As you build knowledge and experience, you’ll become an advisor to your clients on how to leverage security products and services at Morgan Stanley to improve the overall security posture of our external applications Opportunity to help and evolve the current processes used to manage configurations in order to streamline the way we operate and introduce automation and rigor to our ways of working Bachelor’s degree 5-7 years of experience Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Detail-oriented and well-organized Polished written and verbal communication skills Ability to cultivate strong relationships with application owners Collaborate with internal groups essential to security (e.g. Fraud Operations, Incident Response) Experience defining, analyzing, documenting, and communicating product and software requirements Adaptive and enjoys new situations Naturally curious and a logical mind with a willingness to dig into the details Business analysis or project management experience Awareness of Akamai or similar WAF/DDoS technologies Knowledge of Change Management and SDLC processes, Agile experience a plus Experience in process re-engineering/process automation Experience in Splunk for research and analysis Experience in scripting languages, e.g. Python for basic task automation work Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID535:
Administration de réseau - support, maintenance, reconception et mise en œuvre. Maintenance et résolution de problèmes sur les réseaux LAN/WAN, les commutateurs téléphoniques VoIP, les routeurs, les pare-feu, le Wi-Fi, etc. Documentation des procédures, création de plans de mise en œuvre du réseau et de diagrammes de réseau. Dépannage des domaines Active Directory Réviser et déployer les politiques de MDM en utilisant Intune. Appliquer les politiques de sécurité de groupe standard. Assurer le niveau de sécurité de la nouvelle forêt AD de confiance. Fusion / réorganisation de dossiers / partages. Support de l'infrastructure fournissant des données aux utilisateurs finaux sur leur lieu de travail (DFS, Login Script, File Share Service, etc.). Expérience 2+ ans d'expérience professionnelle pertinente dans un environnement d'entreprise multisite soutenant l'infrastructure à l'échelle de l'entreprise (centres de données, virtualisation, stockage central, LANs, SD-WANs, WLANs, Wireless, VPNs et pratiques de sécurité). Approche créative et proactive des environnements de réseau et de cyber-sécurité. Expérience avec les solutions de surveillance du réseau. Minimum 2-3 Support d'infrastructure. Minimum 2 à 3 ans de soutien à l'infrastructure Active Directory. Minimum 2-3 ans d'installation et de soutien de Windows Server 2019. Microsoft Windows Server 2019. Microsoft Active Directory DNS, NTP, DHCP, réplication, trusts. Authentification forte. ADFS et Office365. Gestion des données (CIFS, ACL NTFS, DFS). Scripting (Visual Basic, PowerShell). Azure (AD connect) Intune Expérience de travail avec Unifi et Pfsense est un plus. 
ScrapedJobID536:
This position is a mixture of remote work and on-site support at our Liberty Village, Toronto office The IT Support Specialist will be the primary user of our Okta identity management and Jamf Pro MDM system As part of a small but rapidly growing team the IT Support Specialist will need to be ‘Swiss-Army-Knife’ of IT competency relating to hardware, software, and facilities support, sometimes all in the same morning Will assist in change management and compatibility testing of conﬁguration changes on new and existing versions of MacOS, iOS, and Windows 10 operating systems Administrating and maintaining hardware and software assets, and various IT systems including but not limited to: Google Workspace, Slack, Zoom, MS Teams, Jira, and ServiceNow Security initiatives and support for IT equipment & staﬀ enablement Digital asset controls and systems access strategy In essence: a professional problem solver with the ability to provide front line support for users with compassion, empathy, and a sense of humour, along with an uncompromising expectation for security perfection. You have been using single-sign-on online identity providers like Okta, and Azure AD in a professional role You having been using Jamf Pro or other mobile device management (MDM) systems in a professional role You’ll have a minimum of 2 years experience immersed in desktop support, corporate deployment and provisioning Experience working with technology for several years MacOS, and iOS, and Windows 10 are second nature for you You’ve been a Google Workspace, Jira, Slack, and MS Teams administrator You believe in corporate enablement through strict security only; that strong security can be achieved without restricting enablement You’re passionate about reliability, availability and security through implementation of the corporate infosec program and have demonstrated knowledge of IT operations best practices You have a strong desire to work on a collaborative team in a fast-paced environment You have a strong desire to work on a collaborative team in a fast-paced environment Nice to have: Certifications in or in progress towards a security or IT risk certification College diploma or degree holder in Computer Science, Information Systems or Information Security or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID537:
Study the security needs related to the various Cloud / Web Application services accesses Implement and maintain the different protection rules in the CASB. Contribute to the mitigation and resolution of security incidents. Conduct threat, vulnerability and risk assessments and research related to our multi-cloud SaaS cloud environment. Collaborate with the DLP team to identify and activate controls to protect data leakage from web and cloud applications. Develop integration and operationalization procedures. Support and operationalize the Platform CASB Keep abreast of current industry security trends and pass on knowledge and best practices to all levels of the organization. Continuously update service documentation. Create and manage usage/statistical reports for various Cloud services. Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, or related field. A minimum of 5 years experience in operations and infrastructure projects. A minimum of 3 years experience with cloud services. A minimum of 3 years experience in the implementation of tools and technologies related to security development operations. In-depth knowledge of operational cybersecurity, data protection techniques and cloud security. Knowledge of cloud technologies (SaaS and CSP: AWS, Azure, GCP); Knowledge of CASB and CSPM solutions. Knowledge of network infrastructure, routing, DNS and web filtering Definition and identification of various critical data: PCI, PII is an asset. With Cloud Certification (Ex: AWS and/or Azure Solutions Architect) and other security related certifications like CISSP and SSCP is an asset. Experience in an operations development environment and maintaining security in continuous integration and delivery pipelines is an asset. Proficiency in command line interface and/or programming language, such as Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ is an asset. Table, alert and report design via tools such as PowerBI, Splunk is an asset. Team player with good communication skills. Ability to present the project with ease to different resources (technical and non-technical). Sense of leadership, responsibility and responsiveness. Strong work ethic and pragmatic spirit. Strong ability to propose solutions. Good risk communication and outreach skills Bilingualism French / English. 
ScrapedJobID538:

ScrapedJobID539:
Define policies, standards, and processes to ensure secure data management and drive the implementation of security measures; Track vulnerabilities found in the infrastructure; Open and track incidents based on suspicious alerts and/or logs; Manage response to security incidents (e.g. data breaches); Aggregate, correlate and analyze data; Audit to ensure compliance with established regulations, standards, policies, procedures, and configuration security guidelines; Manage information security vendor assessments, security attestations, recertifications, audits, risk assessments and security testing; Design, implement and integrate security information and event management (SIEM), log management, anomaly detection, and configuration and vulnerability management; Design and implement information security solutions/infrastructure; Manage information security risks. Assess risk strategies to manage risk. Provide solutions for remediation and compensating controls; Plan and implement identity and access management/governance; Review and analyze security device configurations and policies; Participate in defining, implementing and measuring security awareness and training. 3-5 years as an information security analyst; University degree in computer science / IT security or equivalent experience; CISSP, CISA or equivalent certification in information security; Experience in security standards such as ISO 27001, 27002, 27005; NIST, COBIT, ITIL; Experience in developing corporate policies or guidelines; Possess breadth of knowledge of IT and information security concepts, practices and standards, networks, data, systems, databases, applications and identities; Possess expertise in identity and access governance/management, network/data security, protection and countermeasures, risk management, auditing, incident response, forensics, and security/penetration testing; Strong analysis, organizational and documentation skills; Understanding of ITIL is an asset. A dynamic and collaborative work environment; Competitive compensation package; On-site cafeteria; Free access to our 24/7, fully equipped gym + trainer; BBQ, theme days and other employee engagement events; Career advancement opportunities. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID540:
Provide primary leadership on maintaining, supporting, and operating the Coreio’s Information Security framework, including IS classification, risk management processes, security related policies, as well as their dissemination, and constant evolution to adapt to evolving cyber threats, regulatory changes and business requirements. Manages and oversees the Computer Security Incident Response (CSIRT) activities. Works with executive management on all CSIRT activities and supports communication and interactions with clients during and after the incident. Communicate, oversee, and support security recommendations to meet business objectives in a proactive and pragmatic manner, ensuring an appropriate level of engagement with internal partners and clients to ensure success. Provides risk evaluations and recommendations over activities and ensures adherence to regulatory and Information Security requirements. Ensures adequate and effective security controls are documented and followed. Collaborate and lead internal teams and external parties to ensure proper integration of controls and compliance metrics. Assess and challenge the effectiveness design of security requirements by working collaboratively with system owners and other stakeholders. Report on information risks and their relationship with business impacts. Assist in the assessment and review of new IT solution and/or new and existing technology to maintain compliance with regulatory, client contractual IT and BCM, and Coreio security requirements. Interact with various Information Security entities as necessary to understand, apply, and enforce security requirements. Oversee and manage the Coreio Risk Management process and framework. Provide advisory services to business units on internal compliance topics Provide guidance, practical recommendation to management and employees on Governance, Risk & Compliance matters Identify and communicate to the organization's management and employees the associated risks of vendor provided processes and services in support of critical operations Manage activities related to the policies and procedures repository system, which includes Business units compliance, issuing and reviewing policies, standards, guidelines and procedures throughout the organization Support various departments on projects related to Governance, Risk and Compliance Support and maintain business continuity plans and strategies that support response and recovery of critical business functions at time of incident by working in close coordination with each business unit and support team Work with cross functional teams to deliver evidence of compliance to SOC auditors. Work with business units to complete and refresh their Business Impact Analysis (BIA) and Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSA) data including risk assessments Support non-financial risk analysis of the business through Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSA) to ensure the company is pro-active in avoiding potential risks related to non-compliance Facilitate business continuity tests, collect results, prepare test reports, and ensure completion of action items Manage, enhance, and continually increase testing complexity with integrated programs to ensure business readiness (e.g. Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery, Incident & Crisis Management, Security, Facilities, Environment Health & Safety, Communications, Human Resources, Legal, etc.) Prepare and deliver training and awareness to business units and their senior leadership Support business units in their response to and management of disruptive incidents in-line with existing programs and processes Manage, enhance, communicate and execute the business continuity program and all supporting standards, procedures, presentations, templates, training, intranet etc. Prepare and enhance BCM performance indicators and management reports, and share with key stakeholders to achieve enterprise objectives Engage in the refinement and compliance of Information Security and Business Continuity policies and procedures Act as a credible spokesperson for Coreio’s Information Security and Business Continuity preparedness and business recovery capabilities replying to clients and audits Strong knowledge of Information Security risk practices, frameworks and how to report on them. Strong knowledge of Information Security Governance and Compliance frameworks. Strong knowledge of various industry standards and frameworks including ISO/IEC 27000 series, ISF, NIST Special Publications, Risk Management methodologies, and security evaluations methodologies. Strong knowledge of SOC Audits and requirements Strong knowledge of security regulations. Subject matter expertise in business continuity management and business resumption strategies, and have experience with business continuity planning tools Demonstrate a proficiency to rapidly learn elaborate business operations within a complex and fast paced environment Demonstrate a passion for business continuity and be customer focused Bachelor’s degree in IT or a related field -or- equivalent work experience. 7+ years of experience in an information security / compliance / business continuity management Be positive and forward thinking and continuously innovate and evolve existing programs, tools and resources by taking initiative in pushing the boundaries to achieve new levels of capability and competency in recovering from present and rising risks when/where possible Excellent communication skills. Good team player, with the ability to be flexible and quickly comprehend new regulations, frameworks and standards Ability to work and manage in a fast-paced environment. 
ScrapedJobID541:
Python Multiple Operating Systems (Windows, Mac, Linux) AWS Cloud Services VMWare GitHub Server virtualization and networking Regular expressions Scripting languages such as bash and PowerShell Functional programming Analytical mindset Self-starter, driven to succeed Development and testing of vulnerability and compliance benchmarks as prescribed and prioritized by customers and team leadership Support customers with issues pertaining to content published by Arctic Wolf Maintain a catalog of up-to-date compliance benchmarks and endpoint vulnerabilities Ability to prioritize vulnerabilities based on criticality and relevance Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN's Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information. Background checks are required for this position Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID542:
Hands on knowledge of encryption protocols such as MACSEC, IPSec, TLS Formulate the right metrics and definitions of success to drive quality, efficiency, cost, and timeliness, and evolve these over time to match changes to the infrastructure and business requirements. Perform deep dives on complex technical issues across networks, ranging from automated tooling to hardware failures and network issues. Anticipate potential operational risks and develop strategies to mitigate/minimize. Participate and improve escalation and emergency response with detailed postmortem while addressing issues systematically to prevent future occurrences. Resolve company network outages. Recommend and perform remedial actions to eliminate similar future troubles. Manage firewall technologies including Cisco, Fortinet, Mikrotik. Maintain and support existing infrastructure, and lead research, planning, design, implementation and support of existing and emerging infrastructure technologies in a complex environment with minimal supervision. Manage and configure network devices such as Routers, Switches, Firewalls, and APs. Have expertise in design, build and support of network infrastructure. Solve system problems with little supervision and minimal guidance. Perform other related duties incidental to the work described herein. Experience in implementing/maintaining the monitoring, alerting and repairing systems for production networks in a DevOps environment. Willing to participate on an on-calls schedule which includes overnights and weekends based on the team's needs on monthly cadence.. 15% of travel( Domestic or international) Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or a related field is ideal but will consider those actively attending college. Three or more years of experience in various industry standards and Cisco enterprise networking. Must have protocol-level understanding of Switching technologies – VLAN, STP (all types), LACP, Virtual switching – Cisco VSS / VSP or equivalent, spine-leaf architecture. Experience working within a global team and collaborating with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with limited supervision. Working knowledge of web application firewalls, load balancers and proxies. Expert knowledge of Fortinet & Cisco ASA Firewalls. Expert knowledge Routing protocols such as EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP Unix system management & scripting capability: Python & Ansible, GIT. Must have knowledge & experience of analyzing packet captures & Protocol analysis and proficiency with tools to collect network statistics utilizing protocols (SNMP, NetFlow, etc…) Expert knowledge of TCP/IP, common protocols, and standards. Must have working knowledge of 802.1x, firewalls, security policies, access lists. Handle software upgrades and device maintenance Experience with network virtualization eco-systems such as VMWare OR Experience in data center architectures (servers, networking, storage, physical hardware, virtualization, etc.) Functional/knowledge bullet for Public Cloud experience, AWS, Azure, etc. Works well under pressure, quick to learn and able to deal with a wide range of issues. Good analytical skills and able to collate and interpret data from various sources Positive, confident, and able to work on own initiative. CCNA certification is preferred. Fortinet NSE certification is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID543:
Enjoy working in a positive environment with highly motivated individuals that want to reduce the risks within the bank Managing and/or conducting detailed, risk-based evaluations of the design and operating effectiveness of Information Technology (IT) controls Gather evidence and respond to various audit, compliance, and IT risk teams to remediate risk-related issues Ask open questions to advance the team’s thinking. Encourages others to explore new ideas and ways of looking at things. Assist the Senior Manager to make decisions based on research, consultation with experts and experience, and considers the impact of decisions. Create and contribute to specific analytics and reporting goals, in support of the overall success of Global Identity and Access Management (GIAM) business strategies Excel in relationship building (internal / external GIAM) and work with various teams to assist in completion of all certifications across the enterprise Brings external developments, trends, and best practices (outside-in thinking) to the Bank Look for continuous improvements to maximize automation where possible and reduce manual efforts in all processes and procedures within the team, while considering and evaluating the bank’s risk appetite and risk culture. Perform required tasks for access governance functions; tasks relevant to Identity & Access Governance including access request, access certification, communication, and documentation of operational processes and procedures, etc. Assist/train junior staff on difficult or non-standard requests Demonstrate personal accountability for assigned projects, initiatives, and daily processes Good understanding of Bank’s core systems and technology (i.e.: ServiceNow, SailPoint, CyberArk, Active Directory, UNIX systems and/or LDAP) Advanced experience in SailPoint IIQ and SIQ Certifications Strong analytical skills, specifically data analysis Excellent organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple intake channels efficiently Experience with technical audits Strong working knowledge of information security policies and standards Once settled in position, you will be providing after-hours availability for any urgent issues/ incidents / escalations on occasion as required We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity and curiosity and celebrates success We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create meaningful customer experiences You’ll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Our work from home social channel offers weekly virtual yoga, social events, learning opportunities, and lots more. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), and generous vacation 
ScrapedJobID544:
Responding to and tracking requests for IT technical support from employees in person, via phone, and electronically Helping manage user accounts and subscriptions for licensed software Managing software upgrade schedules, and installing software upgrades Configuring new computers (installing OS and software, deploying user profiles) Managing printers, scanners, video conferencing equipment and general user hardware Maintaining IT inventory lists Troubleshooting system and network problems, including diagnosing and helping to resolve hardware/software failures Identifying issues and engaging senior IT staff where appropriate 2+ years post secondary education in Network/IT/computers Experience in desktop/laptop hardware troubleshooting and parts upgrades Windows and MacOS desktop knowledge Networking experience is a plus (VPN, connectivity, working with ISPs) Good working knowledge of cybersecurity best practices and measures (antivirus, malware management, security policy implementation) Demonstrate initiative and be proactive about resolving issues Enjoy working with people from diverse professional backgrounds and thrive in a team-based environment, building solutions that meet specific needs across a diverse set of users Have strong communication skills, both written and verbal Have excellent documentation and organizational skills with impeccable attention to detail Be accountable, reliable, punctual, and resilient, with an unwavering work ethic The opportunity to work with an inspired team on challenging problems that matter An attractive compensation package, including health and lifestyle benefits A minimum of 3 weeks vacation A seat in our beautiful offices in Vancouver, BC, Canada Opportunities for personal and professional development 
ScrapedJobID545:
Responsible for the ongoing maintenance and operation of the Information Technology implemented within Wall Centre Hotels. The position is responsible for the daily operation, support, and security of the technology and data that support and enable the business operation. Work with Hotel Management to implement Wall Centre and Marriott initiatives. Provide capital planning and operating budget support to the Hotel. The position will maintain technologies implemented in effective working order and ensure system up time and reliability meets the needs of the operation as defined by management. The position is based on and responsible for the ongoing operations of technology within our properties. The position is responsible for the development and training of users of the primary technologies and must implement a training plan that enables effective growth of technology usage within Wall Centre Hotels. The candidate has responsibility for, and must measure the effective usage of technology within the hotel. Included in this responsibility is the reporting back to management areas that could benefit from better utilization of technology and, conversely, areas that are not taking advantage of technology or are ‘over-engineered’. The position works closely with Hotel Management. Ensure secure IT operations by implementing and managing the Global & Hotel IT Security Policies. Maintain data backup integrity, and keep current Contingency & Disaster Recovery plans, and work with hotel operations departments to develop, maintain, and test Business Continuity plans, per Starwood Hotels & Resorts published Internal Audit Standards. Position is accountable for Internal, External and PCI audit results. Audit deficiencies and/ or loss of data due to inadequate DR, failed backup or recovery, or security breach, may result in disciplinary action. 50% Maintain support and enhance software application systems. Coordinate normal maintenance and upgrades to the software. Solve user problems with software usage and software bugs. 20% Assist with the identification, development and implementation of new system applications to satisfy business requirements of the hotel. Advise both users and systems staff in the use of software applications. 20% Oversee the operation and development of interfaces between the various computer systems. 10% Support the hardware and operation. 5% Day to day support of computer system. It is essential that we operate a safe and secure environment to meet SOX (Sarbanes Oxley), PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard), and other regulatory requirements. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday On call Overtime Weekend availability Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Management: 3 years (preferred) Information Technology: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID546:
Strategy & Governance Resilience, Incident Management & Crisis Management Identity & Access Management Security Architecture & Solution Implementations Securing Emerging Technologies, Supply Chain & Business Models Threat Intelligence & Vulnerability Management Privacy & Information Protection Risk & Regulatory Establish credibility and relationships with prospective cyber security clients by demonstrating technical and industry knowledge and identify opportunities for assistance. Lead the end to end delivery (including project economics) of multiple security projects comprising of multiple resources and teams and ensure the quality of deliverables and clients are satisfied with the work. Support business development activities including sales, proposals, and building and maintaining sustainable client relationships. 
ScrapedJobID547:

ScrapedJobID548:
Drive consistency and standardization of internal processes to ensure quality, consistency, and efficiency. Provide solution architecture in finding opportunities to integrate internal systems, reduce redundancy, and increase system and cost efficiencies. Partner closely with all other departments to understand their unique technology needs and take ownership over ensuring they have an optimum solution. Interact with key business partners to recommend solutions that best meet the strategic needs of the business Take ownership of the overall health, resilience, and performance of the IT infrastructure, all software systems, and the hosting of our own web application. Work extremely closely (hands on deck) with the software development team to support the SDLC, deployments, DevOps, cloud architecture, and more. Provide best practice for engineering methodology (development, testing, debugging for software and systems) Conduct reviews of all the cloud-systems on a time-based schedule, including cost, security, vulnerability and take appropriate action to ensure a viable and effective environment. Provide a confident, passionate, informed voice of technical thought leadership across the organization. Manage project planning, including allocation of resources, assignment, and coordination. Ensure the team is productive, motivated, and accountable. Take accountability of 24/7 uptime of all critical systems by utilizing strategies such as monitoring, alerts, software, and service providers. Ability to balance diverse requests and prioritize effectively, especially those from management and executives. Possess a mindset that is proactive, solution-oriented, and focused on what's best for the team and company. Strength in seeing opportunities to improve processes or utilize automation or self-service to drive efficiencies. Extremely strong process definition skills, and the ability to implement them and ensure adherence. 10+ years of industry experience in a similar role, or 5 years of experience in an IT Manager position. Experience leading/managing IT teams (Development, Operations, Cyber, Vendors). Track record of successful implementations (on-budget and on-schedule). Detail-oriented, able to drive teams. Practical working experience vs. consulting. Must demonstrate expertise in knowledge of Salesforce, code design, architecture to help the team to succeed. Must demonstrate expertise in utilizing AWS, both as Saas and IaaS. Expertize managing a hybrid enterprise IT infrastructure built on Windows and Google and provide a create solution to reduce risk around it. Expertise in managing Google workspace. Networking and cybersecurity expertise is an asset. Ability to speak and write in English fluently, as well as produce high quality technical documentation and analysis. Knowledge of Agile methodologies and SDLS. AWS certifications as Developer and/or Architect is an asset. Salesforce certification as Developer 1 or 2 and/or any architect is strongly valued. Dental care Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID549:
Builds up knowledge and keeps it up-to-date in regards of security, the SAP CX Products in the area of responsibility and the components, technologies and services used by it/them. Provides consulting to developers, knowledge management, quality assurance, operations members in the area of responsibility with their security related questions. Translates generic security requirements to guidelines specific to the SAP CX Products and is tasked with ensuring that vulnerabilities reported from external sources are fixed on a priority. Contributes to extension and improvement of the security knowledge base at SAP CX and assures that the security improvements of the SAP CX Products. Carries out security assessments, Pentesting results,Threat Modeling, to reveal architectural security issues and assists the team to reach a secure design. Responsible for the execution of the secure software development lifecycle and executes security-related operations processes and procedures. Contributes to centrally initiated security assessment/testing activities, assists our developers in implementing fixes and tracks handling of incidents, and if actions are taken in time, and resulting in a sufficient level of quality. Reviews code scan findings to find patterns, and work out guidelines for resolution and takes immediate countermeasures to address security issues. Information Security experience in a broad technical role and thereof 5-7 years of project management experience in large scale, international, strategic projects Product Management and Agile experience. Bachelor or master's degree in computer science, business informatics, natural sciences, engineering or comparable education. Good understanding of cloud infrastructure, load balancing, networking and security operations and ability to work in a global operations environment. Experience with cloud security concepts, solutions, and automation. Experince with Programming Languages like Java,Javascript. Experience in working with Hyperscaler - Cloud Security Infrastructure and knowledge of DevOps and incident management tools, e.g. Git, JIRA or equivalents. 
ScrapedJobID550:
Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Do you have experience with MS Azure security? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID551:
Scale Customer Engagements: Remediates blockers; leads and ensures technical wins for Microsoft Security and adjacent technologies. Engages with and reaches out to customers proactively and independently; builds credibility with customers as a trusted advisor for Microsoft Security; and searches for and uses Microsoft Security customer references. Scale Through Partners: Engages in partner sell-with scenarios and supports partner technical capacity. Build Strategy: Contributes to Microsoft Security strategy development, shapes strategic win plan and tailors Microsoft messaging to audience for security opportunities. Enhances team capabilities for extended detection and response (XDR), zero trust and cloud security and develops compete strategies for Microsoft Security for assigned customers. Solution Design & Proof: Demonstrates and oversees demonstrations, presents and applies architecture patterns, proves capabilities and integration into customer environment, and drives cross-workload support for Microsoft solutions for security. Coaches team in addressing customer digital transformation and leveraging insights to align new or changing technology to customer security needs. Education: Builds their own readiness plan and grows extended detection and response (XDR), zero trust and cloud security space domain knowledge and practices expertise. Acts as a mentor for Microsoft Security, its integration with other Microsoft products & services, and Microsoft Security solutions generally; and increases internal virtual teams' understanding of extended detection and response (XDR), zero trust and cloud security space solutions and new opportunities. 6+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience
OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 4+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience
OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 3+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience
OR equivalent experience. OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 4+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 3+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience OR equivalent experience. 7+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting, or related experience
OR equivalent experience. OR equivalent experience. 4+ year(s) experience with cloud and hybrid, or on premises infrastructures, architecture designs, migrations, industry standards, and/or technology management. Certification in relevant technologies or disciplines. 
ScrapedJobID552:

ScrapedJobID553:
Business Users ITSM Team Leaders Applications Team Infrastructure Team Cyber Security Team Vendors Provide IT support for hardware, peripherals, mobile devices and software applications including maintenance, configuration, troubleshooting, upgrades, installation and training. Provide IT support for standard Audio Visual equipment in conference rooms. Ensure end user problems are responded to quickly and effectively. Work in Service Now queue log all incidents, requests, tasks or question escalating appropriately and maintaining contact with customers until resolution. Provide troubleshooting and support to various offices throughout North America. Assist in the completion of technical and system administration documentation. Aid in the maintenance of software and hardware inventory. Follow the Information Systems Controls and Policies, including change control procedures. Image, set up and deploy of desktop computers and peripherals. Provide assistance with IT administrative duties including procurement and asset tracking. Work closely with all IT groups as needed Administer on-site support for sales and construction offices located throughout North America. Provide superior support and solutions for internal clients including office and site staff. Act as a member of the on-call team rotation. Assist with project work for implementation of new systems or upgrading of existing systems. Assist with system testing prior to launch. Assist with documentation as needed. Support project deployment as needed. A minimum of 3 years of technical experience. University degree or diploma in Information Technology or a related discipline is required. A valid driver's license and vehicle are mandatory. Intermediate to advanced understanding of installation and support of desktop computers, telephony devices, printers, routers and switches. Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft desktop operating systems and application suites. Familiarity with industry related software This position is customer facing within the organization and therefore solid communication, interpersonal and organizational skills are required. Knowledge of ServiceNow. Good customer service with an appreciation of and the ability to display empathy Competitive compensation Excellent extended health benefits Flex-spending account Work-life balance RRSP matching Generous tuition assistance program Leadership development and mentorship programs Charitable donation matching A culture based on our values of Passion, Integrity and Community 
ScrapedJobID554:
Computer Science Computer Software Engineering or equivalent experience Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Tight deadlines Internet Device drivers Networking security Servers Security software Mail server software Cloud Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID555:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Work under pressure Repetitive tasks 
ScrapedJobID556:
Hunt for and identify threat actor groups based on their known techniques, tactics, procedures (TTPs), tools and infrastructure. Identify and track new tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) associated with known threat actors to enhance our cyber threat intelligence database. Capture intelligence on threat actor TTPs and develop countermeasures in response to threat actors. Conduct Open Source cyber threat intelligence research to identify threat actor motivations, capabilities, and intentions. Monitoring and analysis of network traffic and security alerts, responding to potential threats and vulnerabilities. Investigation of intrusion attempts and performing in-depth reverse engineering analysis of exploits. Provide network intrusion detection expertise to support timely and effective decision on when to declare an incident. Perform initial triage on security events that are populated in Hitachi’s Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system. Analyze a variety of network and endpoint-based security appliance logs (Firewalls, NIDS, HIDS, Sys Logs, etc.) to determine the correct remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident. Independently follow procedures to contain, analyze, and eradicate malicious activity. Document all activities during an incident and provide leadership with status updates during the life cycle of the incident. Develop advanced queries and alerts to detect adversary actions. Provide thoroughly vetted intelligence products on emerging cyber threats, indicators of compromise and trend analysis. Create a final incident report detailing the events of the incident. Provide information regarding intrusion events, security incidents, and other threat indications and warning information to US government agencies. Assist with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incidents, and overall SOC operations. Minimum of two (2) years of direct experience in an IT Security, Incident Response or Security Analyst role within the last 4 years. Industry recognized professional certification such as GCFA, GREM, GCIH, CISSP Experience with or current understanding of Cyber intelligence processes and systems. Direct experience with Malware and Fusion analysis techniques and methodologies. Scripting skills (e.g., PowerShell, Python, shell scripting) Experience with cyber advanced persistent threats, actors, infrastructure, and TTPs. Experience and extensive knowledge working with a SIEM and performing triage, information gathering and analysis. Experience in Security Incident Handling and Incident Management procedures. Experience with writing clear and concise technical documents specifically event analysis and incident handling documentation. Experience with Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems. Knowledge of computer networking, routing and switching with knowledge of the TCP/IP stack and other protocols. Experience with Linux/UNIX and Windows based devices at the System Administrator level. Working knowledge of security architectures and devices. In-depth knowledge of lateral movement methods, foothold tactics, and data exfiltration techniques. Experience with Account Management, Windows Events and Log Management. Organizational skills and the ability to work autonomously with attention to detail and processes. Excellent communication skills with experience providing incident briefings to peers, management and clients. Excellent written skills with experience creating formal incident reports. Suitable to obtain Canadian Federal Government SECRET clearance, or the ability to obtain a clearance. Professional environment in cutting-edge technology Dynamic work setting in new and modern office Employee Referral Bonus Group insurance plan Team spirit and dedication to service excellence Sense of belonging to a global, brand-name organization 
ScrapedJobID557:
A competitive salary Flex time Benefits package Maintain current and accurate inventory of technology hardware, software, and resources Troubleshooting and repair of core technological systems within operations in co-operation with IT administrator Connect and set up hardware; load all required software; provide and monitor security of all technology Identify and prepare hardware for disposal when appropriate; ensure hardware is stripped and secured before disposal Act as a support to general office operations as required Core Technical proficiencies should include
The Microsoft Suite of Server products including Windows Server 2012 – 2019
Active Directory, DHCP and DNS
Intermediate to Advance knowledge or TCP/IP and ancillary/related protocols
g., SMTP, DNS, DHCP
Basics of Cybersecurity best practices
Firm grasp of o365 understanding and relevant practical experience
SQL Server administration experience The Microsoft Suite of Server products including Windows Server 2012 – 2019 Active Directory, DHCP and DNS Intermediate to Advance knowledge or TCP/IP and ancillary/related protocols
g., SMTP, DNS, DHCP g., SMTP, DNS, DHCP Basics of Cybersecurity best practices Firm grasp of o365 understanding and relevant practical experience SQL Server administration experience 
ScrapedJobID558:
Generate reports, reporting templates and dashboards such to clearly present security concerns and to summarize the “state of security” for other internal management and personnel. Capture, prioritize and efficiently escalate to appropriate internal teams any security incidents identified from security tools or from correlation with other sources. Monitor & optimize security monitoring and assessment solutions/tools such to efficiently identify the most concerning security gaps. Coordinate deployment and configuration of additional security monitoring tools or appliances as appropriate to network perimeter changes or extension of application/systems scope. Coordinate with 3rd party security vendors who contribute to Technicolor’s global security posture. Review and address any other reported security concerns, incidents or questions received via ticketing systems or other means. Security analytics to detect potential threats to IT systems Unix/Linux, Windows, OSX, iOS, Android and other operating systems Networking experience/knowledge and broad understanding of networking protocols and services (e.g. FTP, HTTP, SSH, SMB, LDAP) Prior experience managing or monitoring security tools or system security configurations Security Information Event Management (SIEM) technology based on Splunk and/or ELK Understanding of methods used for exploits, vulnerabilities, network attacks Experience with packet analysis tools & analyzing their output (e.g. tcpdump, Wireshark) Understanding of scripting languages, regular expressions, database query syntax Ability to learn and adapt to new technology and concepts quickly Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent problem solving ability such to approach and diagnose broad technical issues The ability to learn new technology and concepts quickly Cloud (AWS, Azure GCP), containerization and devops technologies At least 5 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and work experience Completion of a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Network Security, Information Security, Information Technology, or Mathematics. Regular participation in security related training courses, conferences, seminars or other relevant professional development in this area. Preferred Certifications: CISSP, SSCP, OCSP, CEH, GCIA, GPEN, GCIH, GSEC or similar. Montreal / Remote work 
ScrapedJobID559:
Deliver datacenter network designs and security solutions to business and risk management partners Evaluation, recommendation and testing of technical solutions, network performance monitoring and tuning Engineer & design, configuration, validation and Level 3 support of Network Security solutions, including firewalls Creation of datacenter network design diagrams, network security build standards and technical specifications Development and maintenance of up-to-date documentation of security systems, sub-systems and other technology solutions Establishing partnerships with technology teams for organizational strategic initiatives Identifying and actualizing opportunities to introduce automation of network security solutions via infrastructure as code and DevOps pipeline integation Proactive engagement to introduce new technology that can add value or reduce costs to each of TD’s core businesses Strong experience with designing and implementing Next Generation Firewall solutions is required Experience with Palo Alto Network Firewalls and Panorama Management is required Strong understanding of network communications (e.g. IPSEC, GRE, HSRP, BGP, OSPF, 802.11, QoS) is required Experience with engineering & deployment of software defined network segmentation through one of the following technologies is preferred: Experience with firewall audit and automation tools, such as Tufin Orchestration Suite and AlgoSec Security Management is preferred Experience with network automation and integration with DevOps deployment and build pipelines via tools such as Ansible and Terraform is preferred Experience in architecture and design of complex Network Security Infrastructure Architectures Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple deadlines and competing priorities Strong communication skills to explain technologies to a wide audience Proven ability to collaborate across a large organization to effectively realize outcomes Ability to take leadership on engineering design decisions, solve technical problems, and make improvements to our systems Cisco CCNP or CCIE Routing & Switching and / or Data Center certification is preferred Palo Alto certifications PCNSA, PCNSE or other next generation firewall certification is preferred CISSP, CISM or other security industry certifications is preferred Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or engineering is required Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking 
ScrapedJobID560:

ScrapedJobID561:
Telecom, Wide-area, and internal IP phones Security monitoring Helpdesk Business applications based in the cloud. IT suppliers User interaction for access management Infrastructure tasks, such as asset and performance management Server maintenance Lead on the IT components of business changes Reporting Takes responsibility for any IT issues or problems and ensures they are dealt with appropriately and in a timely manner. Documentation and continuous improvement of department policies and procedures. Ensure all processes are maintained, reviewed, and updated on a regular basis. Demonstrates accountability for the progress of work in scope for the team and its alignment to department strategy. Develop and manage all departmental Service Level Agreements and ensure that obligations are being met. Monitor all queues (email/ phone/request tracking) to ensure the timely processing of requests. Ensure all open requests are monitored and being followed up on a regular basis, documenting any updates in the work-log of the requests; this includes management of suppliers who are required to deliver against obligations and end-user expectations. Address and resolve all escalations. Provides quality service and takes ownership in resolving incidents/service requests; tracking end-user systems resulting in a timely and efficient resolution to incidents/service requests evidenced by meeting Greenrock’s clients’ needs, meeting or exceeding Service Level Agreements, and accurate data for asset management. Proactively seeks information and utilizes creative problem-solving skills along with standard operating procedures. Demonstrates quality service by actively contributing to customer satisfaction through advocating for Greenrock’s clients’ needs, escalating incidents and requests, resulting in meeting or exceeding Greenrock’s client’s satisfaction metrics. Assist with project-related work as required. Supports a wide range of IT services including but not limited to PC, MAC, mobile devices, VPN, Video Conference, software, basic network support, and IT security. Lead the IT business continuity plan and documentation. Ensure the Network Infrastructure Security is in accordance with industry standards. Lead the implementation of the company IT strategy projects and plans that include Security Operation Center (SOC), Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP)Monitoring, Security awareness training, SharePoint implementation. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering, business computing or a related field, or equivalent combination of education, certification, and experience. Experience with Information Technology Infrastructure Library (“ITIL”) v3 would be preferred (ITIL practitioner certification). Minimum of 8 years of experience working in a Customer Service Role and Service Desk Tier II or IT Security capacity and a minimum of 5 years experience in a supervisory/management role. Experience in a related role requiring, timeliness, customer service, organization, prioritization, troubleshooting, and working independently to successfully install, configure, maintain, and support Windows and/or Mac desktop operating systems and software. Have baseline knowledge of Active Directory as used for authentication. High degree or familiarity with some or all of the following technologies: Windows 7/8, OSX, iOS, Microsoft Office, Internet Browsers, Local Account Management, Installs and removals, Registry, Command line, Service management systems, System Management Tools, VPN High degree or familiarity with some or all of the following hardware: Desktop / Laptop, iPad, iPhone, Android Phones, Printers, Video Conferencing equipment, Cisco IP phones Knowledge of wide-area networks, TCP/IP, and Windows. Exposure to IT ticketing systems Exposure to Business Objects or equivalent report generation system for query purposes Detailed-oriented, self-motivated, and resourceful with the ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment. Have strong business acumen with an understanding of the link between business needs and IT operations. Have a proven track record in working with multiple initiatives at the same time and have a proactive approach to problem-solving and coordination. Ability to adapt to a dynamic environment and work under tight deadlines. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are essential to this role. May require working during non-business hours and on weekends. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Information Technology: 8 years (preferred) Supervisory/Management: 5 years (required) ITIL: 3 years (preferred) ITIL practitioner certification (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID562:
Lead the assigned Incident Response & Digital forensics team and liaise with other internal teams to set priorities as part of the incident response. Review and respond to escalated security events from other analysts. Ability to use individual team members’ strengths and skills to successfully lead an incident response and support RCA with digital forensics. Good technical understanding of modern threats, TTPs, MITRE ATT&CK Matrix and digital forensics methodologies. Strong report-writing and communication skills. Develop and evolve the CSOC capabilities, with a particular focus on continuous update and improvement to response processes and procedures; recommend new capabilities to help with threat identification, response, and prevention, including the automation of response. Oversee the teams on call and measurable operational effectiveness. Understand the evolving business landscape and product roadmap to anticipate potential risks and strategically align future projects. Understand business insights to strengthen and solidify the team’s mandate. Respond to service provider network attacks affecting critical network infrastructure and the cloud environments. Including Digital forensics. Utilizing “kill chain” methodologies, effectively determine risk prioritized response, investigate security events and make clear recommendations on mitigation. Preparing executive risk-based metrics reports based on the MITRE ATT&CK model. Provide expertise to Threat Hunting and Cyber Intelligence team to deal with threats in the environment. Provide expert assistance with digital evidence to support internal investigations processes. Performing gap assessments, oversee development of automation scripts, correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Contribute to security projects and ad-hoc requests. Demonstrate strong leadership in challenging environments, maintaining a professional, calm, and expert manner always. Undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, information science, or a related technical discipline 5+ years of related experience in cybersecurity or computer network defense or incident response or digital forensics CISSP, GIAC, GREM accompanied by a Forensics certification preferred Strong knowledge of Clouds, Service provider/ Telecom infrastructure, virtual environments, web applications and APIs Experience with forensic tools and methodologies is required Scripting (Powershell, Bash, Perl, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking, including routing and common ports/protocols. Demonstrated relevant experience as a key member of a threat intel, incident response, malware analysis, or similar role. Strong knowledge of malware families, network attack vectors, digital and evidence collection & management. Strong knowledge of Linux, MAC, Mobile platforms, Windows system internals. Understanding of payment card processing, related fraud and carding techniques. Ability to clearly articulate risk & findings to internal clients both verbally and in written form. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and documentation skills. Strong organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills. Ability to work well both independently and in a team environment. Proficiency with Microsoft-based computer programs, Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID563:
Good knowledge of IT products and services such as Managed Services, Cloud Computing, Cybersecurity Business development acquisition of new customers Search for potential and new customers and create a list of customers within the assigned territory Recognize influential people and decision-makers within the list of target customers and establish relationships of trust Qualify sale opportunities and define effective marketing strategies Analyze the potential needs of your customers and determine with the technical team the best alternatives/solutions Develop a pool of new opportunities for sales Get references, solicit prospective customers, schedule appointments, and meet with clients to assess their needs and promote the products and services offered by the company Present service offerings and sales Maintain the development of your skills and knowledge to this effect. 3-5 years B2B sales experience Provide outstanding customer service Ability to sell creative solutions Organizational and negotiating skills Dynamic and results-oriented Hold a valid driver’s license and a car Neat and professional presentation Initiative – You are willing to take charge of new responsibilities and new challenges. Independence – You are able to develop your own way of doing things, work autonomously, and motivate yourself to do the work. Performance/Effort – You can establish and maintain personal goals as well as exert a consistent level of work performance. Perseverance – You persevere when facing problems. Reliability – Trustworthy, reliable, and responsible for your obligations. Bonus pay Commission pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID564:
Regular review, monitoring, and reporting on security and environment health. Test and evaluate new technologies. Work with Senior Systems Engineer to ensure security policies and procedures satisfy regulatory and compliance requirements. Maintain adequate security administration procedures for all systems and technology infrastructure (including Firewalls, Intrusion Detection System, Remote Access, Routers, DMZ, Anti-Virus, Anti-Spam, and server security). Analyze IT requirements and provide objective advice on the use of IT security requirements. Regular review of overall Security Posture for all Information Systems technologies. Ensure that information security changes are approved as per the Change Management procedures of Production Support and technology-enabled projects. Assist in the development of emergency response procedures. Provide third-level Service Desk ticket resolution, including supporting the business 7x24x365 and on-call support as needed. Support after-hours and weekend deployments as required. On-Going review, management, and security monitoring of RioCan's network & security posture. Maintain Enterprise Standards within the facility to the specifications of the corporate standards, and compliance. This includes servers, desktops, network/security devices, and applications. Assist management developing long-term strategic technical roadmaps, applying value add technologies, and efficient solutions. Provide network and security guidance in the Corporate DRP (Disaster Recovery Plan) practice. Frequent travel required between Toronto offices. Occasional travel to other office locations. Lifting and racking of switches, routers, and firewalls. Other duties as required. University Degree or 3 or 4-year College Diploma in a relevant IT discipline. 3 plus years experience as a Network Administrator and Security Analyst in a medium to large publically traded organization. A minimum of 2 years experience working with incident response. SSCP Certification or in progress to complete. Understanding of industry standard firewall technologies, such as Juniper, F5, or Palo Alto. Solid understanding of network infrastructure design, security and systems in general. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. An in-depth understanding of all areas of IT and how the IT department impacts the organization. Knowledge of Information Security Management and Technology. Knowledge of compliance, regulatory and audit requirements. Knowledge of Internet applications, databases, Networks and firewall processes. Self-starting independent thinker that possesses initiative, creativity and strong organizational, analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills. Ability to meet deadlines and hold others accountable for their timelines and tasks. Perform root cause analysis (RCA) and incident reviews. Experience with Cisco Meraki, switches, wireless access points, firewalls, and monitoring devices. Experience in Next Generation Firewall technologies; i.e. Palo Alto, F5. Knowledge of Network & Security monitoring tools and technologies such as sniffers, NAC, security vulnerability scanners etc. Understanding of network communication technologies; such as MPLS, VoIP, SD-WAN etc... Knowledge of SIEM technologies; i.e. LogRhythm and NetMon tools etc. Knowledge of OSI model & network communication protocols; such as TCP/IP, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, IPsec & NAT. Intermediate level of Microsoft Active Directory, DNS, DHCP Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert in Security and/or Routing/Switching (CCNP) CISSP or CCSP Certification Up to date and/or recent Microsoft certification (MCSA or MCITP or MCSE) Darktrace Certified Analyst or hands-on knowledge of Darktrace Antigena VMWare Virtualization training and/or certification. Exposure to Microsoft Azure Day shift No 
ScrapedJobID565:

ScrapedJobID566:
Oversee/monitor access logs and privileges. Deliver or conduct the delivery of Information Security and contingency planning and disaster recovery programs for business units/departments across IESO. Contribute to the development of Information Security standards and procedures for business units consistent with corporate security objectives and generally accepted and leading edge Information Security practices and professional security standards and in coordination with IT Process Development Leaders and the Information Security Manager. Deliver the Information Security programs, including Information Security framework for applications, tools, anti-virus, encryption and fire walls, implementation support, identification of system vulnerabilities, system assessments, Information Security advice and consultation, business resumption planning and disaster recovery planning. Review and assess all requests for Exception and/or Exemption to policy. Provide input to supervision on all areas of Information Security. Contribute to the development/delivery of awareness training and general Information Security education. Investigate all identified security breaches, or concentrated attempts at breaching IESO security. Report the results of Technical Information Security assessments with conclusions, recommendations for improvement, planned management actions, follow-up status to Supervisor/Management Team. As required, will lead projects, assign work, resolve problems and assess performance. Review new and updated systems/applications to ensure that security is configured properly. Work with business units to determine data classification and ownership/custodianship. Ensure there are adequate security tools available for performing system reviews. Report the results of technical IT Security assessments with conclusions, recommendations for improvement, planned management actions, follow-up status to Manager - Information Security, and business leaders. Keep abreast of developments in the areas of legal, regulatory, corporate requirements, technological developments and best practices in the Information Technology and Corporate Security field. Will have access/handle confidentiality issues, requiring high level of trust and integrity. Perform other duties/tasks/projects as required or assigned. Requires a sound knowledge of computer science, information technology and telecommunications systems. Excellent written and oral communication skills, in order to deal with end-users, review/input on procedures, standards and/or methods; and design/deliver training. This knowledge is considered to be normally acquired either through the successful completion of a university degree in the area of Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent. Requires experience coordinating/analyzing enterprise security systems on a diverse set of computing platforms, operating systems and applications, especially Windows NT and UNIX. Experience with networking products, large package and systems implementation. Previous experience as part of a large multi-disciplined project, and with systems vendors, which requires having sound project management skills. A period of over 8 years, up to and including 10 years is considered necessary to gain this experience. Functional/Technical Skills Customer Focus Approachability Problem Solving Action Oriented Learning on the Fly Priority Setting Self-Development Team and Collaboration Openness to Change Expertise with Humility Genuine Caring Commitment & Accountability Purposeful Engagement Competitive market wages Comprehensive benefit programs Programs and policies to support a balanced lifestyle A challenging fast-paced team environment Opportunity to work with some of the brightest people in the industry 
ScrapedJobID567:
Identify trends reaching meaningful conclusions that will advise strategic business decisions through the manipulation of large data sets Work closely and communicate effectively with Partners to understand requirements and formulate analytics solutions Design and implement analytics models and visualizations to provide impactful data insights Develop and maintain scalable data transformation code Evaluate new capabilities of the analytics platform, develop prototypes and assist in drawing conclusions about the applicability to our solution landscape Assist partners with data-related functional and technical issues Make use of statistical tools to interpret data sets, paying attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive analytics efforts Create appropriate documentation that allows others to understand the steps of the data analysis process and duplicate or replicate the analysis Engage with management to prioritize business and information needs Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Data Science or related quantitative field (Applied Mathematics, Engineering) At least 5 years demonstrated ability working with large-scale software systems Passionate about data and problem solving Proficiency in Python, R, and SQL with the ability to query and analyze data and understand data complexity, models and structures Solid experience working with large data sets on enterprise data platforms and performing tasks such as managing data transformations and machine learning models Good experience in Reporting and Visualization tools such as PowerBI, Tableau Solid understanding of Database Design and Data Warehousing concepts Demonstrated analytical skills, including mining, evaluation, analysis, and visualization Effective verbal and written communication skills. Should be able to adapt communication style to suit different audiences. Established interpersonal skills for work internally across departments, as well as with clients. Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment as well as independently with minimum supervision Knowledge of insurance / reinsurance Experience using Pyspark scripting 
ScrapedJobID568:
Assist in creating a tailor-made architecture Deployment of advanced services on the cloud Implement automation solutions Maintain a feedback loop with the company’s customers to ensure deliveries are by the customer’s needs and expectations Debug, troubleshoot, and fix technical issues Setup large-scale monitoring and logging solutions 2+ years of professional IT experience (especially with Linux Networking, Security) 1+ Experience with cloud providers (e.g. AWS, GCP) Experience with Security Products (Firewall, Web Gateways, Proxies) Strong Experience in Linux Strong Experience with container technologies (Kubernetes, EKS, ECS, Swarm, Docker, etc) Familiarity with the Agile methodology Scripting abilities in at least two of the following: Bash, Python, Ruby, Go, PowerShell Creative troubleshooting skills and out-of-the-box thinking Ability to learn various technologies and topics Strong foundations with Git and git-flow methodologies Experience with CI/CD platforms (Jenkins, TeamCity, TravisCI, Codeship) Experience with Infrastructure as Code tools (Terraform, Cloudformation, CDK, Serverless framework) Experience with system monitoring platforms (Datadog, Prometheus) Experience with centralized logging platforms (ELK) Configuration management knowledge (Puppet, Chef, Ansible) Information security orientation Experience with production environments 
ScrapedJobID569:
Work on a variety of subsystems, investigating, testing, architecture, design, implementation and report writing. Analyze and synthesize information, assess Cyber Security risk areas and seek opportunities to make recommendations on potential solution Review customer inputs Working in a laboratory environment, monitor system design, providing design advice and troubleshoot various systems. Contribute to the delivery of Cyber Artifacts for integration into larger system Participate in Scrums and sprint planning Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or related technical/science/mathematics degree with proof of continuous development of Cyber Security related professional knowledge and/or skills.
3-5 years of related experience. Experience in one or more of these areas: Network Security principles and practice, Vulnerability Analysis, Threat Risk Assessment, Security Operations Centers, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) concepts with hands-on implementation as well as Operating System Hardening. Hands-On experience with one or more of the following products: Microsoft Enterprise network suite of software, McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO), Splunk (using the tools and basic SPL writing), using and configuring Splunk Enterprise Security, VMware vSphere Hypervisor (creating VMs, assigning VM resources, using VM templates), ESXi & vCenter, Cisco CCNA, Palo Alto firewall Must have strong written and verbal communication skills in English. High degree of initiative and work habits that accomplish functional and business goals with autonomy. Industry certification such as CISSP, CEH, OSCP, GSEC, Security+, Network+, etc., or other related networking or security certifications would be viewed as an asset Knowledge and experience with current government and industry standards such as CSE ITS Guidance, DISA STIGs, ITSG-33, ITSG-22, NIST SP-800 suite, ISO/IEC and other related standards is an asset. Knowledge or experience of Security Operations Center (SOC) technologies such as Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion prevention System (IPS), and machine learning technologies is an asset. Working in an Agile development environment. A compressed nine-day fortnight and compressed hours – which means every other Friday off A personalized career development plan, alongside regular progress reviews - supporting and valuing your progression within the Company A flexible working environment where your contributions are recognized and rewarded with flexible benefits 
ScrapedJobID570:
You have a passion for helping lead a team to implement innovative and efficient solutions in pursuit of building an awesome product that will help improve people’s lives You desire to take healthcare to the next level by utilizing the latest cloud services and advances in software engineering to help provide solutions to complex problems Your first instinct is not to say “No” but to find ways to provide solutions to technical problems You are motivated by collaborating with a multidisciplinary team Work directly with Infrastructure and DevOps leadership to ensure that the Engineering Team has all the resources needed to build, deliver, and maintain the platform. Coordinate with the Product Team to ensure that team resources are allocated properly to meet product requirements. Ensure that a team climate based on trust, respect, and responsibility Coordinate with company leadership and other team leads to ensure the Engineering Team is aligned with the overall strategy, priorities, and goals of the company. Ensure that team members have tools and processes and resources they need to focus solely on building, delivering, and maintaining the platform. Proven track record in helping build innovative products Proven passion for learning. Organization and accountability within a fluid and constantly changing environment Excellent problem solving and problem preempting skills Willingness to go the distance to help Proven experience in a technical mentoring role Love working with a team 5+ years experience with writing Cloudformation, CDK or Terraform as primary job function. 5+ years setting up and maintaining high availability multi-region deployments and infrastructure. Experience setting up infrastructure such as server-less, SQS, message queues, databases, user identity management, networking, firewall, and load balancers. Experience setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines. Experience setting up and maintaining monitoring tools such as Sentry, CloudWatch, XRay, ElasticSearch, Grafana, Splunk Deep understanding of cloud services and distributed programming paradigms Containerization and container orchestration experience is required; Kubernetes experience is a plus. Automation experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, or other similar language is a HUGE plus! Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field. We are a group of people who are bright, kind, and motivated by challenge. We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and healthcare. We love solving problems, thinking creatively, and trying new things. We believe in autonomy & taking initiative. We take what we do seriously, but we also know how to have fun. We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas. We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. You can be your authentic self here and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! 
ScrapedJobID571:
Active participation in the delivery of solutions: pre-configuration, detailed architecture, installation, configuration, integration, validation, troubleshooting, progress reports and various documentation; Installation, configuration and testing of solutions at client sites: problem resolution, ticket opening and tracking and escalation process as needed; Assistance to sales teams to understand the solutions in the practice: roadmap of supported solutions, knowledge transfer, etc..; Participation in the design of the architectures required to meet customer needs, including the accuracy of the estimates provided; Development and maintenance of relationships with clients, internal partners, strategic partners and other complementary partners; Participation in the delivery of consulting services mandates (architecture, strategic consulting, etc.); Occasionally, participation in the preparation of complex proposals / bids. 5 years of expertise in networking and security; Bilingualism English-French written and spoken: client presentations and frequent writing of documents; Recognized experience as a solutions integrator; Strong interpersonal skills; Excellent networking skills: LAN, WAN, routing, wireless, etc..; Excellent knowledge of security: NGFW, VPN, IPS, URLS, endpoint protection, threat prevention, etc..; Knowledge of Cisco solutions; Knowledge of Check Point solutions is an asset; Ability to keep up to date with the latest technological developments; CCNP certification; CCIE certification, an asset. 
ScrapedJobID572:
Manages complex technical requests and ticket escalations and identify security issues along with platform performance issues Identifies and makes recommendations on technical deficiencies, service performance issues, product utilization, bugs, and enhancements Recommends process improvements in order to drive efficiencies, reduction of the average time to trouble-shoot, and reducing false-positive alerts Develops customized reports and presentations, and provides technical knowledge transfer and analysis to clients on performance status, trends, and metrics Performs ongoing analysis and system testing of new system releases, upgrades, and/or patches to supported technologies Applies Trusted Advisor techniques to build up client trust and influence loyalty Confidently runs Great Meetings, differentiating services per MSS positioning Hosts monthly meetings and tuning calls with assigned accounts Helps improve the team, proactively engages when service is inconsistent, or risk is identified Mentors team with technical advice / support Develops best practices, strategies, methodologies, documentation and templates suitable for use by other Consultants and Analysts Attends training sessions or shadowing activities, and obtains industry related certifications as determined by the Manager Bachelor's degree (B.A./B.S.) or 3-year diploma in Engineering, Computer Science, or a Technology related field Has one of the following required combinations of technical certifications and experience:
Holds technical certifications for at least four (4) technologies for which Sirius provides managed security services* and has at least three (3) years of IT Support experience in a client-focused environment, and/or working in a security operations center OR
Holds technical certifications for at least three (3) technologies for which Sirius provides managed security services* and has at least four (4) years of IT Support experience in a client-focused environment, and/or working in security operations center OR
Holds technical certifications for at least two (2) technologies for which Sirius provides managed security services* and has at least six (6) years of IT Support experience in a client-focused environment, and/or working in security operations center Holds technical certifications for at least four (4) technologies for which Sirius provides managed security services* and has at least three (3) years of IT Support experience in a client-focused environment, and/or working in a security operations center OR Holds technical certifications for at least three (3) technologies for which Sirius provides managed security services* and has at least four (4) years of IT Support experience in a client-focused environment, and/or working in security operations center OR Holds technical certifications for at least two (2) technologies for which Sirius provides managed security services* and has at least six (6) years of IT Support experience in a client-focused environment, and/or working in security operations center Managed Security Services certifications may include, but are not limited to: Check Point: CCSA, CCSE: Cisco; CCNA-Security, CCNP – Security, CCIE – Security; Blue Coat: BCCPA, BCCPE; Palo Alto: ACE, PCNSE; SANS GCIA, GCIH, QRadar CSC, Splunk, LogRhythm, or similar technology certifications Experience with one (1) or more of the following: Incident Handling, SIEM Tools, and/or Cloud Security Solid prioritization / time management skills Experience with direct system engineering or support involving hardware, software and services at an enterprise level for at least one product lines in the designated practice Direct involvement in working with internal and external teams to implement and troubleshoot complex configuration hardware, software and services Experience presenting ideas and solutions to clients and adapting presentation style to fit particular client situations Demonstrated knowledge of company products and services, testing methodology, and system troubleshooting Demonstrated ability to investigate complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in- depth evaluation of variable factors from multiple IT infrastructure systems Demonstrated ability to establish positive working relationships and conduct complex and important work critical to the organization in a team, consulting environment Proven ability to select resolutions and techniques that meet technical requirements within the context of best practices, and make recommendations to achieve targeted objectives Demonstrated ability to communicate in clear, concise and crisp messages to a variety of audiences that instigate appropriate actions Proven ability to effectively present in a variety of formal and informal settings: one-on-one, small and large groups, using a variety of presentation methods to sustain the audiences’ engagement Demonstrated ability to manage time to focus on priorities and handle multiple tasks simultaneously Demonstrated ability to establish a collaborative approach to problem solving, ensuring that solutions generated by the team are tested and proven Demonstrated ability to mentor less experienced team members Demonstrated ability to work under minimal supervision, using latitude for independent judgment Proven ability to proactively step into team leadership roles and empower others to increase contribution and level of responsibility Demonstrated ability to achieve high level of Customer Satisfaction on all engagements Demonstrated Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint and Outlook skills Previous experience working in a Security Operations Centre (SOC) environment Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Microsoft Azure Experience working with IBM QRadar, Splunk, or any of the major SIEM vendors Demonstrated experience performing incident handling, leveraging frameworks such as NIST and SANS Demonstrated experience with frameworks such as Lockheed Martin Cyber Kill Chain, MITRE ATT&CK, etc. All Sirius employees are responsible to safeguard the information and information systems that they use or handle in the execution of their duties. Employees are obligated to know and perform their duties in accordance with Sirius policies, standards, and procedures related to security and report security violations to the appropriate Sirius Participate at hire and annually in the Information Security Awareness training as well as other required training identified by the Human Resources department. Other data privacy and data security related regulatory training may be required based on your role or assignment. 
ScrapedJobID573:
Demonstrated minimum 5 years Technical Experience in Cyber Security Engineering Demonstrated Cyber Security Incident Handling and Response Experience Minimum 3 years experience in designing, implementing, operating technical controls or activities in at least 2 of the following domains: Identity and Access Management( AD, PAM, IDM), Network Security (IDS/IPS/NGFW,NAC, Web Proxy, VPN), Email Security and Endpoint Security (EPP and EDR, Mobile Security) Security Certification (CISSP, SANS GIAC Certification) Demonstrated Experience in securing Datacenter Virtualization and Network technologies Experience preparing and maintaining security processes and procedures Working Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory Security, Windows Operating Systems Hardening, and Microsoft XDR Security Stack Conducting Threat & Risk Assessments Security Monitoring (SIEM, Centralized Logging, UEBA, SOC processes) Working knowledge and experience in Offensive Security / Programming/ Application Development experience (Pen-testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Python, Powershell, .Net, Java, DevSecOps, KQL) Experience in Database Security, CASB, DLP Experience in Designing, implementing, and operating security technical controls or activities in Cloud Services (Azure, AWS, GCP, OCI, Office 365) Knowledge of International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001/27017/27018 standards, NIST and MITRE ATT&CK Frameworks 
ScrapedJobID574:
Network Management:  Working directly with vendor partners, manage all aspects of network service delivery: Assist in managing the current update to SD-WAN. Monitor WAN/LAN/WiFi performance and coordinate with vendor on issue resolution. Maintain remote access capabilities through Workspace ONE Tunnel. Lead continuous improvement initiatives (i.e. NAC) to enhance FCR’s overall security posture, performance, and reliability. Azure Infrastructure: Monitor, manage and maintain FCR’s Azure hosted infrastructure: Complete regular patching cycles to meet compliance requirements. Maintain Azure firewall rules and policies. Implement new virtual server requests as per FCR procedures. Ensure redundancy and recoverability of services in accordance with FCR policies. Monitor performance and availability of remote desktop environment (WVD). Ensure all FCR compliance controls are in place and effective. Keep up to date with Azure functionality and technologies and put forth recommendations to continuously improve the environment. Identity & Security Management: Collaborate with MDR partner ActZero and IAM partners Okta/IT Integrations to accomplish the following: Full deployment of the ActZero agent in the environment. Remediation of reported vulnerabilities. Continuously improve and increase FCR’s cybersecurity posture. Monitor and action alerts and incidents. Update management and access management of Windows 10, iOS, and Virtual Desktop end points. Building Technologies: Engage with partners to support our Development, Construction, and Operations teams in assessing, implementing, securing, and managing various building technologies including: Base building networks (BBN) Public Wi-Fi, DAS, 5G, CBRS Building Management/Automation Systems (BMS/BAS) IP-enabled security, life safety, signage, and parking systems IoT devices including sensors, beacons, meters, etc. Green technologies including solar, wind, LED lighting, EV charging, etc. Data and analytics for all of the above. 5-10 Years’ experience implementing and maintaining national corporate networks. 2-5 Years’ experience implementing and maintaining Azure infrastructure. Completion of a post-secondary related degree or diploma in a Technology related program. In-depth Technical Knowledge - you can speak the language of networking and infrastructure with industry professionals. Cybersecurity Awareness – you understand the risks facing organizations today and the actions required to mitigate. Smart Building/IoT Exposure – you have been involved in designing or implementing building networks and/or the capture of IoT sensor data. Eagerness to Learn – you realize the importance of continuous learning and take opportunities to learn new skills and keep up to date with current trends and technologies. Detail oriented - Your attention to detail guides you. Passion - You love what you do. This isn’t a job. This is a career. You are invested in satisfying the needs of the business. Problem solver - You investigate issues thoroughly and create effective solutions that solve problems and discover new opportunities. A creative thinker with exceptional diagnostic and problem-solving competencies. A team-player – You are willing to step in and lend a hand as needed and you identify the opportunities to do so. Remote work days Company-matched savings plans Annual Wellness Subsidy Tuition & Development Program Employee Referral Program Rewards and Recognition Programs Paid time off during December holiday season Parental leave benefits 
ScrapedJobID575:
Design, architect, and implement industry-leading cloud technical solutions by understanding client requirements through your savvy consulting skills, both business and technical Provide detailed documentation including conceptual design, logical design, physical design, bill of materials, as-built diagrams, knowledge transfer materials, FAQs, transition to operations information As a subject matter expert, you will deliver projects from initiation through to successful implementation 10+ years of professional security industry experience across a wide range of technologies including systems, network, server, and cloud offerings 5+ years in industry working as a subject matter expert in Microsoft 365 Technical strength and capability of implementing all Microsoft security components (MCAS, PIM, Defender for Identity, Defender for Endpoint, Defender for Office 365, Conditional Access, etc.). Experience in implementing Information Protection in large regulated enterprises Experience working in a hands-on capacity with clients in the delivery of solutions Broad knowledge of multiple hardware and software technologies and strong experience in working with complex solutions Ability to effectively communicate to different audiences including internal stakeholders and peers clearly and concisely in written, oral, and various presentation formats and situations Proficiency in workshop facilitation (envisioning workshops, art-of-the-possible sessions) Full-time availability for at least the first year Any one or more of the following Certifications: CEH: Certified Ethical Hacker CISM: Certified Information Security Manager CompTIA Security+ CISSP: Certified Information Systems Security Professional CISSP-ISSAP: Information Systems Security Architecture Professional GSEC: SANS GIAC Security Essentials Great people and culture Interesting work – Be part of exciting projects while accessing all the latest technologies Flexible environment – A workplace that values the importance of flexibility for personal/professional growth, happiness, and wellness 
ScrapedJobID576:
Do you want to be part of a great team in an environment of collaboration and complicity to coordinate major IT incidents? Are you a team player, recognized for your leadership and in addition your main strength is to mobilize and coordinate IT experts in crisis situations? Are you looking for a proactive role in managing urgent incidents before they have major impacts? Support and coordination of major incidents to ensure that they comply with the policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines established by the process. Ensure the efficiency of the incident management process and initiate corrective actions, when required. Coordinate the various stakeholders including the technical teams during the management of major incidents. Rigorously communicate the status and follow-ups of major incidents to internal and external stakeholders. Ensure the continuity and quality of post-incident activities and the analysis of the root causes of incident tickets. Ensure a dynamic and professional relationship both with partners and subcontractors and with managers of other technological sectors of the Bank. Define, strengthen, and optimize communications processes. Act as a “coach” with less experienced colleagues, if required. Ensure a permanent watch on major incidents. (24/7/365 on rotation). Identify infrastructure and application trends with recurring incidents. Ensure an evolving documentation of the incidents being monitored. Ensure the governance of incidents so that they are properly documented with rigor and diligence. Exemplary communicator with the ability to create high quality verbal and written summaries that are comprehensive, accurate and adaptive to technology or business partners down to executive level Highly motivated team player Ability to lead with integrity and remain calm during stressful situations while managing multiple requests and changing priorities Attention to detail when completing any documentation during and after an incident Obtain the skills needed in decision making Ability to absorb and quickly understand complex technical situations under pressure Ability to facilitate conversations with large groups of people and be a leader on technical calls with multiple support teams Ability to translate technical incidents into simple terms Enthusiasm to learn new technologies, make new contacts and influence proper IT practices Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously while managing priorities Troubleshooting skills within a support environment, including a strong sense of willingness and eagerness to resolve incidents. Understanding and experience of the technology used in a large infrastructure environment is required (Linux, network, servers, databases, web infrastructure, storage, cloud, cybersecurity, etc.). Prior experience in major incident management required (3 years or more) ITIL Foundation V3 certification, or a clear understanding of its practices Experience in operating IT services and/or coordinating IT changes Coaching experience Experience in risk mitigation Understanding of banking products, systems (Central, Web, AS400, RISC6000, etc.), financial markets and the regulatory aspect of banks (technological risks, COBIT). 
ScrapedJobID577:
Collaborate with stakeholders, application engineers and software developers to design and maintain new security modules for industrial automation applications Develop software modules based on object-oriented programming (OOP) techniques in C++, VB.NET and ASP.NET Utilization of development tools such as Visual Studio and Eclipse Participate in code, design and test plan reviews Strong experience in developing software applications in VB.NET, ASP.NET, C++ and Python Productive, working with both Windows and Linux platforms Knowledge of communication network protocols (TCP/IP, UDP) Experience designing API’s Understanding of Hardware Security Modules, PKI and Transport Layer Security Understanding of data science, and how it can be applied to cyber security Knowledge or hands-on with next-gen technologies: SD-WAN, Cloud (GCP/Azure) would be an added advantage Expert understanding of firewall configuration and maintenance. Knowledge of common application security vulnerabilities such as OWASP Top 10 Familiarity with Agile/SCRUM and Atlassian suite of tools. Ability to participate in concept, UI, and feature development Testing and debugging skills Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent Have ability to work in a team and communicate with technical and non-technical knowledge Excellent verbal and written communication skills Resourceful research and problem-solving skills Detail-oriented, accurate and efficient Good time management skills with the ability to multi-task Ability to work individually and as part of a team Smart and creative with strong analytical and problem-solving skills Interested in learning and results-oriented Enthusiastic friendly team player 
ScrapedJobID578:
Administration and support of users from Sales, Marketing, and Services in their use of business technology including Salesforce.com Respond to and resolve user issues Assess, research, analyze and document business needs Evaluate, implement & support technology in partnership with the business and IT Work with external vendors and IT, and ensure optimal utilization of our business technology stack Strive for best practices, agility and strong user adoption Assess and report on user support efficiency and KPIs Coordinate with peers and leadership to prioritize requirements and consolidations across Salesforce CRM and related systems, including: Sales Cloud Service Cloud PSA Communities Add-ons (i.e. lead gen or forecasting tools etc.) Minimum of 2 years’ operational experience required and at least 1 year on Salesforce.com (Sales or Service cloud) Prior experience working with Salesforce reporting, analytics, functional design and best practices Strong organizational, verbal, presentation/facilitation and written communication skills Ability to work cross functionally, across all organizations to drive new or enhanced technology projects Ability to communicate and work closely with technology vendors and manage the business relationships for BlackBerry Expertise with MS Excel including for data analysis Proficiency with other MS Office applications 
ScrapedJobID579:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID580:
Work with the Information Security team, businesses, vendors, and IT teams to ensure that corporate policies and procedures are being understood and followed Write procedures and technical standards to meet corporate policies and industry best practices Evolve corporate security policies and procedures to stay aligned with the security industry best practices Develop and improve internal processes to manage information security corporate wide Lead initiatives related to the remediation of security weaknesses or information security solution implementation while working with corporate wide businesses, vendors, and the IT team as needed Review technical configurations from various operating systems and security solutions (Windows, Linux, AD, VMware, IDS/IPS, FIM, SIEM, WAF, AV, endpoint encryption, etc.) to determine/enhance the parameters to meet industry-accepted hardening standards such as NIST, CIS, SANS, etc. Review security reports from various security technologies (vulnerability assessment reports, cyber security reports, audit reports, access privileges, etc.) to identify violations, intrusion attempts, or security weaknesses Provide recommendations and guide development and operations team to address security weaknesses and identify potential new security solutions Monitor the information security industry and be proactive with implementing appropriate information protection controls to mitigate risks on the latest types of vulnerabilities Conduct security product research and assess their appropriateness for the organization Produce report and presentation deliverables with attention on content as well as format Perform security incident investigations and document findings/root causes Perform Identity and Access management tasks Respond to alerts and notifications from users/vendors related to information security Develop and improve internal team processes to effectively manage information security corporate wide Review potential new service provider or outsourcing relationships for business units and provide advisory services for information security due diligence Evolve corporate security policies, procedures, and standards to align with the security industry best practices Review new IT implementations and identify security risks in network design and configuration Post-secondary degree or equivalent education in computer science, computer engineering, or similar studies Information security certifications such as CISSP, GIAC, CRISC, etc. Previous experience of 4-6 years specifically in the information security industry preferred Knowledge of current network and endpoint security technologies important (next generation tools, APT tools, and tools utilizing heuristics analysis for protection) Strong knowledge of technical configurations from various operating systems and security solutions (Windows, Linux, VMware, IDS/IPS, HIPS, FIM, SIEM, WAF, Cyber Security, encryption, etc.) Working knowledge of industry security standards such as ISO27001/ISO27002, NIST, etc. Demonstrated experience working with security technologies Demonstrated experience with implementing internal processes to manage information security initiatives Working knowledge of network architecture with multiple layers of defense Working knowledge of application security vulnerabilities High attention to details and accuracy Results driven Self-motivated and able to work unsupervised Ability to take projects to completion from beginning to end Strong written and oral communication skills Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities with keen attention to detail Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Strong aptitude for learning 
ScrapedJobID581:
Provides excellent customer service to ensure success acting as the first level of support/help desk for internal customers (employees), prioritizing and reporting work using the Information Technology ticket system. Escalates issues internally and/or with external vendors when required to ensure timely resolution. Participates in continuous improvement activities related to service delivery and the end user experience. Models expected behaviours, supporting a service excellence culture:
Seeing everything through the lens of the customer.
Paying attention to the physical environment because everything speaks.
Providing service delivery that will create service wows. Seeing everything through the lens of the customer. Paying attention to the physical environment because everything speaks. Providing service delivery that will create service wows. Performs the maintenance / troubleshooting, and configuration, as well as repairs / upgrades of end user devices (including mobile devices) and software Participates in the onboarding of new employees ensuring all tools and technologies are properly prepared and trained. Accountable for monitoring the inventory of IT supplies (i.e. computer hardware, accessories, printer/copier supplies) and maintaining stock as needed. Independently prioritizes and executes work, using the Information Technology ticket system and IT master plan, and proactively tracks and reports on activities and projects. Assists with management of on-premise servers and systems (at the manager’s discretion). Participates in daily monitoring program, escalating incidents or significant warnings in a timely manner including monitoring security incidents, executing IT Security playbooks and ensure that incidents related to security are properly prioritized and escalated. Provides recommendations on the selection and implementation of new technologies. Demonstrates the Company Mission, Vision and Values Statements, policies, and current standard business practices. Follows GMP and regulatory requirements, and ensures quality and data integrity standards are met. Follows information privacy and security guidelines. Observes and supports all safety guidelines and regulations. Performs other related duties and/or special projects as required in the department. Self-learning Independence with a proactive approach to solving problems analytically; innovative thinking and meeting challenges tenaciously with a positive attitude. Effective communication skills both verbal and written with the ability to make recommendations and effectively communicate technical information. Demonstrates excellent customer service and organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities. Comfortable working in a high demand / fast paced business environment Team player, open-minded, flexible Must be available to work on all shifts including by way of on-call rotation. Bi-lingual English / French or Portuguese is an asset. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems, or diploma in Network Engineering or equivalent Relevant Microsoft certification is an asset. Minimum of 1 years of experience in a related role. Valid Driver’s license is an asset Valid passport (i.e. eligible to travel internationally). Pharmaceutical, food, or cosmetic industry experience is an asset. Excellent compensation/benefits package. Bonus and reward programs Discounted gym memberships Programs supporting work life balance Employee recognition program Professional and personal development programs Social events and spirit days 
ScrapedJobID582:
Education Required:
Required: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Required: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Years of Experience Required:
A minimum of five years’ experience in Cybersecurity. A minimum of five years’ experience in Cybersecurity. Demonstrated knowledge and experience in at least five of the following area:
Security Management
Security Risk Assessment
Systems Security Architecture
Security Design Principles – Network, IT, OT, and ICT Security Design
Security testing and validation (i.e. VA, Pen Test, FAT etc.)
Quality Management – Developing Security Test Plans and Procedures
Application of ITSEC best practices Security Management Security Risk Assessment Systems Security Architecture Security Design Principles – Network, IT, OT, and ICT Security Design Security testing and validation (i.e. VA, Pen Test, FAT etc.) Quality Management – Developing Security Test Plans and Procedures Application of ITSEC best practices Problem solving skills and ability to lead and manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment. Master’s in Computer Science, Engineering, or closely related Cybersecurity / technical domain. Certifications in:
Physical Security Professional (PSP)
Certified Information System Security Professional (CISSP)
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) Physical Security Professional (PSP) Certified Information System Security Professional (CISSP) Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) Experience in the following areas:
Systems Engineering
Security Assessment and Authorization Experience (specifically ITSG-33)
Generation of artefacts for Authority to Operate (ATO)
Developing Security Test Plans and Procedures
Physical Protection System (PPS) Design (i.e. CCVE, Access Control etc.)
Use of engineering related tools (i.e. DOORS, CAMEO) Systems Engineering Security Assessment and Authorization Experience (specifically ITSG-33) Generation of artefacts for Authority to Operate (ATO) Developing Security Test Plans and Procedures Physical Protection System (PPS) Design (i.e. CCVE, Access Control etc.) Use of engineering related tools (i.e. DOORS, CAMEO) Provide technical guidance and advice with respect to the translation of stakeholder needs and system requirements into technical security mechanisms and system architecture Develop security test plans and procedures for OT, IT, ICS and Network security test, evaluation, and commissioning activities Assist in technical risk assessments as part of design and the assessment of vulnerabilities Assist in the identification, design, coordination, conduct, monitoring and assessment of various forms of technical testing (i.e. Factory Acceptance Testing, Final Acceptance Testing) Assist in the identification, design, coordination, conduct and evaluation of various forms of physical security testing including penetration testing and modeling of physical security for the CSC ship Witness and report on penetration tests, red team testing and similar forms of testing (i.e. Vulnerability Assessment) for OT, IT and ICT systems Analysis and assessment of various forms of network infrastructure based on the NIST Cybersecurity Risk Management Framework A flexible medical, dental, and vision plan; Employee & Family Assistance Programs; RRSP matching program; Health & Wellness reimbursements; Opportunities to take part in job related training and development; Growth and progression opportunities within Irving Shipbuilding and the larger network of the JD Irving group of companies. 
ScrapedJobID583:
Develop Privileged access governance framework, operating model, strategy, policy and standards for PAM program ensuring alignment with business objectives and compliance requirements. Provide thought leadership in the development of Privileged identity related risk management practices. Develop, recommend, and partner with IT support groups (e.g. Architecture, Infrastructure, Solution Delivery, etc.) to enhance access security practices. As a member of the leadership team, contribute to the overall strategic planning and direction of Cybersecurity / IT. Oversee the Privileged Access Management support team and services including privileged IDs for employee and partner accounts acting as escalation point as required. Monitor metrics to measure program effectiveness, and compliance against standards and deliver reporting to provide assurance to senior management. Research PAM tool sets and products in the market place and determine suitability for WJ’s environment. Provide oversight of the use of external resources involved in PAM program, including selection of vendors, and management of contract costs. Oversee the governance structure of PAM program providing regular progress reports and updates to senior management. Manage risk through audit monitoring and control functions, ensuring compliance requirements, audits, and verifications are completed (work with vendors for deficiencies) Promote Privileged Access control best practices across the organization through oversight of education and awareness programs. Conduct requirement reviews with technology partners, assisting in ensuring processes, procedures and documentation requirements are fulfilled. Recruit, lead, mentor, and develop a leading edge technology team, providing opportunities for growth to ensure continuity of growth and development plans. Establish a culture and work environment that attracts, retains and motivates a diverse, skilled workforce in order to maintain a high degree of employee professionalism, commitment and desire to maintain updated skills and knowledge in support of a high performance culture. Provide leadership and direction by setting context, defining accountabilities, tasks and assignments, and establishing boundaries for decision-making and approvals. Coach, motivate, develop and evaluate performance of direct reports and provide guidance and mentoring in the resolution of complex issues. Provide development opportunities to direct reports and feedback on performance. Stay abreast of industry technical and business trends (association, practice, learning) Requires a Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems or Information Security and 8+ years of relevant experience. An equivalent combination of formal training, industry / technical certifications and work experience along with a degree in a related field of study is acceptable. 5+ years of experience in the areas of Privileged access management (PAM) and cybersecurity risk management. Minimum of 4 years experience with CyberArk or Beyond Trust A minimum of 1 information security certification is required e.g. CISSP, CIAM, ISO27001, CISM, SANS. Very strong experience with strategy and architecture in PAM Thorough up to date knowledge of the current PAM trends and best practices Expert knowledge of information security processes, procedures and controls and good understanding of industry standards and frameworks e.g. NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO 27001 / 27002 Experience in vendor and contract management. Solid project management and budget management experience. Advanced knowledge of security systems, access controls, security platform administration, IT architecture, risk management and security governance framework. Strong understanding of policies, cross-organizational roles, and governance structures/processes. Knowledge of information security support and operations concepts, practices and technology obtained through formal training and work experience. Advanced soft skills – communication (oral and written), influence, negotiation, conflict resolution, relationship management. Advanced level of critical thinking and sound judgement. Strong strategic enterprise wide vision and planning skills. Ability to effectively lead change management initiatives. Strong conceptual skills; ability to deal with ambiguity; creativity; lateral thinker. Strong service management and service delivery orientation. Ability to present complex information in a manner suitable for technical and non-technical audiences. Highly self-motivated, self-directed, and attentive to detail. Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Strong team orientation and building skills, and ability to foster a collaborative environment. Expert skills in data driven decision making. A fun and friendly culture with colleagues who work together to win Travel privileges for you and your family, effective from your start date Savings and Benefit programs that are flexible to meet your specific needs 
ScrapedJobID584:
Unparalleled responsibility and career opportunity to make a highly visible global impact You will be part of a large community of like-minded technologists in a flat organization with a culture that promotes collaboration, “can do” mindsets and teamwork Responsibility for requirements gathering, analysis, design and development of funding systems Forge strong relationships with our clients across all of our businesses, as well as other technology teams to develop and enhance our systems and processes Develop solutions that directly impact the bottom line by enabling new investment opportunities for our business partners Opportunity to work on unprecedented projects both at Goldman Sachs & more broadly in the financial services industry We are looking for a Java developer to join our team of software and network platform engineers The developer will be part of the core engineering team that will be responsible for the incremental delivery of a resilient and scalable firewall automation solution You’ll work with RESTful web services, distributed database technologies, and network devices like firewalls and routers to build cutting automation software You can expect to deliver incremental business value through an agile SDLC 3 plus years of experience delivering large, complex software platforms Previous experience with RESTful web services and should be comfortable with Agile processes, with an emphasis on writing high-quality, easily testable code Proven work experience in Java development, and experience with test frameworks like Junit, Mockito Excellent object oriented or functional analysis and design skills Must be a hands-on software developer, comfortable multi-tasking, and able to work independently Experience with running and troubleshooting software on the UNIX platform Basic understanding of networking fundamentals Basic understanding of cyber security practices, including firewalls, WAFs, proxies Hands-on experience with containers and Kubernetes Experience with database technologies such as mongodb Experience with search engines such as Elasticsearch Experience with messaging technologies such as Apache Kafka 
ScrapedJobID585:
Participate in McCain Security Operation Center (SOC) related activities, such as: Assist with cyber incident response activities, including: Provide high quality, relevant reporting metrics on all findings Familiarity with network-based services, client/server applications, mobile applications, enterprise systems and infrastructure, network architecture, and security infrastructure Understanding of firewalls, proxies, SIEM, antivirus and IDPS concepts Understanding of security controls, such as encryption, identity and access management, and vulnerability scanning Minimum of two (2) years of experience in information technology with at least one (1) year of experience in a security analyst role within security operations is required Relevant industry certification such as CEH, Security+ or equivalent is required Post-Secondary education in Information Security / Assurance, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related discipline is highly desirable Ability to take initiative and work independently Strong verbal, written communications and task management skills Ability to document and explain technical concepts and details clearly and concisely to a variety of audiences (e.g. technical, business, auditors, etc.) Strong analytical thinking and problem resolution skills Proven self-starter and willing to accept additional responsibilities as position expands Experience working with an outsourced environment and managing services to objectives and outcomes Strong oral and written English skills are mandatory for this position 
ScrapedJobID586:
Follow procedures and perform regular data ingestion processes to refresh key data assets and reports on daily, weekly, and monthly frequencies. Create procedures and supporting documentation for data ingestion, reporting, and analytics processes Effectively use data and systems to monitor data quality and identify the root cause of any issues Learns to design, develop, deliver, and maintain meaningful and sustainable reports and visualizations to business users through tools such as Power BI and Tableau CRM Identifies data patterns & trends and generates insights to enhance business decision making capabilities Coordinate with peers and leadership to prioritize requirements and development activities Strives for best practices, agility and strong user adoption Bachelor’s Degree with a Business / Quantitative focus 3 years experience working in Strategy, Analytics, Business Intelligence, and/or Consulting type roles preferred Experienced in data manipulation (Spreadsheets/SQL/Python) and knowledge of visualization tools (Power BI/Tableau) Strong data analysis and problem-solving skills are required to interpret data and draw conclusions Has superior communication (written/verbal), presentation, and team facilitation skills. Proven success in partnering and collaborating internally and externally to establish shared passion and goals Has a high level of energy, enthusiasm, and commitment to performance and learning new skills 
ScrapedJobID587:
Information Security Engineering – Designing and building integrated Information Security solutions that meet the needs of a large enterprise. Constantly evaluating our security posture and staying up to date with relevant industry perspective. Perimeter Security Engineering - Maintaining and supporting perimeter security tools including proxies, intrusion detection/protection, and malware analysis from vendors such as Symantec, Fireeye, RSA and IBM Perimeter Security Design - Identifying current and emerging perimeter security. Sourcing and implementing new perimeter security solutions to better protect the organization. Leadership & Communication – Collaborate with senior leaders across the company and make informed recommendations to enhance information system security. Weigh business needs against security concerns and provide risk-based recommendations to improve information systems security, which are practical and achievable, thereby allowing the Lines of Business to make informed risk decisions You can demonstrate experience in a variety of perimeter security products such as Symantec Blue Coat, IBM Proventia, Fireeye NX, and the Palo Alto suite. You have a strong conceptual understanding of the TCP/IP network stack. Experience with network packet captures for troubleshooting and working knowledge of firewall/routing technologies. It’s an asset if you have experience in Cloud based security technologies. You can demonstrate experience as an expert in Information Security Management, with minimum 5 years of experience as an Information Security Consultant or similar role. You have strong knowledge of security infrastructure & controls within heavily regulated environments with compliance frameworks and all related integrations associated with the services. You know the processes, tools, techniques and practices for assuring consistency to standards associated with accessing, altering and securing organizational data with proxies. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, Engineering or related field. You act like an owner . You thrive when you're empowered to take the lead, go above and beyond, and deliver results. You’re digitally savvy . You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. You have the following certifications: Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) CISA – Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) CEH – Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) CISM – Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) ISSEP – Information Systems Security Engineering Professional (ISSEP) Microsoft Certified - Azure Security Engineer Associate Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop : Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning. Prosper : Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work in Canada at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit This role requires to be on call for a week once every four months CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID588:
Managing technical projects including involvement from local and global application, infrastructure, governance, and client teams. Providing level 2/3 operations support. Monitoring during business hours Daily morning check reports communication Operational process & documentation improvement Participate on on-call non-business hours Incident management Detection and communication during business hours Manage Level 2/3 Operations Incidents and Problems Request management Prioritize Daily requests & delivery Change management Change delivery during non-business hours, including week-end Change configurations peer review with Level 3 You will be working in an Agile environment (Scrum) You have 5+ years of experience in various industry standard You have good working knowledge of:
Firewall Operations such as Fortinet, Checkpoint & Cisco ASA Firewalls
Web Proxy or similar
Remote and Site to Site VPN technology
Load balancers like NetScaler and F5
General understanding of the network security standards Firewall Operations such as Fortinet, Checkpoint & Cisco ASA Firewalls Web Proxy or similar Remote and Site to Site VPN technology Load balancers like NetScaler and F5 General understanding of the network security standards You have good working knowledge of: Unix system management & scripting capability: Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k
STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Routing ISR/ASR platforms EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Understanding of telecom technologies like DWDM Network tools knowledge: Shinken / Nagios Network probes: Corvil Matrix switches: Gigamon, Arista You have at least 5 years of experience in data network and/or network security operations The experience in exchange or investment banking environment is desired. Strong knowledge of ITIL - IT Infrastructure management best practices Strong operational skill with capacity to prioritize multiple requests or incidents Adaptability: you are able to adjust to new environments, work effectively in varied situations and function in changing circumstances. You are willing to participate on on-calls schedule which include overnights and weekends based on team’s needs (approx. once a month). Bachelor’s degree in computer science, DEC or equivalent technical Certifications Join an international group of IT Consulting Service, committed to the digital transformation of its customers for 20 years. Join a Canadian group with more than 100 consultants, working in an agile and pragmatic way with large companies (Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public sector) by combining consulting services / technological expertise / innovation / ability to deliver and deploy projects Join dynamic teams, where the role of the employee is at the center of attention, with the desire to create spaces allowing everyone to flourish Have the opportunity to access the different communities to contribute to development and to innovate, all with a strong team spirit and entrepreneurship 
ScrapedJobID589:
Assist in the installation, implementation, and upgrades of internal systems and software Maintain IT end-user equipment, hardware, software, and supplies. Administer Windows and Linux servers and company services Monitor and maintain on-prem and cloud infrastructures Help build, image and deploy new workstations, servers, and CI workers Evaluate and uphold security across all systems Help with office equipment setup and maintenance Create new projects and solutions to help improve company productivity Solve problems collaboratively with the other IT administrators Participate in technical reviews and help develop best practices Assist and resolve end-user questions, requests, and issues Educate new users on office tools, technology, and services Maintain documentation of procedures, operations, and system configurations Communicate maintenance and incidents clearly with the company Communicate and coordinate with external partners Degree in system administration or equivalent experience in Computer Information Systems, Computer Science or a related field 5+ years of experience in an infrastructure technical support role or in IT operations Intermediate knowledge of Linux CLI Intermediate knowledge of Windows Servers Platform Intermediate knowledge of Networking configurations (Firewall, DNS, VPN, etc.) General knowledge of some scripting languages such as PowerShell, Bash, JavaScript Self-motivated to take initiative and find creative solutions to problems Highly effective organizational and time management skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work well in a team and independently Ability to triage problems and prioritize work Must be eligible to work in Canada and be available work on site in beautiful Vancouver Experience with C, C++, Python Experience with virtualization and cloud platforms (ex. VMware, Azure, or AWS) Experience with container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Perforce management experience Experience deploying and configuring Jira & Confluence Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with authentication systems such as SAML and OAuth 
ScrapedJobID590:
Troubleshoot hardware (desktop/server) and liaise with vendors Install and maintain Windows Active Directory infrastructure Perform activities as a field technician including infrastructure cabling. Administer Linux and Mac environments Provide managed services support including patching, asset management, licensing and monitoring emails and operational alerts Install and configure new servers, workstations, and other IT equipment. Develop and maintain technical documentation of systems and network. Track, prioritize and document requests using an IT support request system. Perform ticketing and time entry in centralized invoicing systems Provide documentation and standardization of work, procedures and policies Deliver projects end to end, including effective communication with customers Lead and develop technology initiatives. Required Degree or Diploma in a computer related field (Computer Science or Information Systems); Understand local area networking and setting up and configuring end user devices Strong knowledge of Windows Active Directory Experienced in on-premise Microsoft Exchange and Office 365 Scripting automation and management tasks in Powershell or Python Experienced in virtualization (Vmware, HyperV) Knowledge of configuring network switches, firewalls and routers Experience with setting up and maintaining Linux environments Experience 2+ years working in desktop and server support You have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to create clear, concise, client-facing communications. You are able to deal with emergencies with calm You are motivated to learn new skills and work hard every day Be easy to get along and enjoy working in a team 
ScrapedJobID591:
Key Certifications: CISSP, OSCP, CSSLP, CISA, GDPR, PCI, and DLP. Industry knowledge and an understanding of business issues. 20+ years of Software Security and Software Development experience. 20+ years of IT security and risk management experience. 20+ years of large and complex IT implementation experience. A clear understanding of regulatory, privacy, and industry best practices. Experience in working with IT audit support initiatives. Designing, implementing, and maintaining information security protocols, policies, plans, and systems to address cyber security threats and vulnerabilities. Performing cyber security threat risk assessments. Meeting with clients to discuss existing and targeted security measures, frameworks, roadmaps, systems, applications, and other cyber security-related matters. Overseeing and managing meetings with IT departments to address cyber security events, incident response and other protocols and procedures. Identifying methods and ways to protect systems, networks, software, data and information systems against any potential cyber security event. Providing a coordinated response to complex cyber-attacks that threaten company’s assets, intellectual property, and computer systems. Contributing to the development and improvement of security monitoring and incident response processes and solutions to support cyber security programs. Overseeing and implementing vulnerability and penetration testing, application monitoring, and other testing. Compiling and presenting reports of test results. Training key stakeholders on a wide-range of cyber security awareness topics, concepts, requirements, standards, and procedures. Outstanding communication skills and ability to present in a clear, concise, and cohesive way for clients and key stakeholders. Excellent analytical, organizational, and decision-making skills. Relevant cloud, IT, and cyber security experience and interest. Relevant IT and cyber security degree or certifications. Excellent technical skills for building and improving security architecture aligned with business objectives and requirements. Knowledge of data protection best practices. Knowledge and certification ion cloud security: Azure, AWS, and GCP. 
ScrapedJobID592:
Deliver infrastructure solution & architecture projects for various internal IT, SE and Business teams Develop & Deliver high-level architecture design requirements & documentation Develop detailed-level design requirements for architecture implementations operationalization Work with various internal IT, SE teams to understand and develop their target Infrastructure architecture needs Collaborate with various internal IT, SE teams to conduct intense pre-project assessments - define project; validate requirements; contribute to budget estimates; examine feasibility; recommend next steps etc. Responsible for preparing all required technical architecture documentation, network diagrams, information flow diagrams, security sheets, change controls, DRP Documents, trainings or hand-over documentation to support the project transition into production Advise in assessing a solution’s current architecture and readiness for migration to new technologies Oversee, define, or perform proofs of concept Interact with hardware and software manufacturers or distributors to obtain information on products under consideration and support during the conduct of proofs of concept Responsible for preparing all required technical architecture documentation, network diagrams, information flow diagrams, security sheets, change controls, DRP Documents, trainings or hand-over documentation to support the project transition into production Work internally to develop delivery guides, assessments, and common architecture patterns for infrastructure architecture projects Work with Security Architects, IS Integrators, SE & DevOps teams on engagements to deliver end-to-end solutions Deliver projects around infrastructure security, governance, and other foundational aspects of infrastructure architecture solutions Engage with technical stakeholders, such as Product Managers, Product Owners, Scrum Masters, IT Security & ISM Provide technical guidance for Developers, Data Engineers, Data Scientists and DevOps Engineers on various infrastructure services ( backups, security, monitoring etc.) according to best practices Present to senior management and the architecture peer review board to gain buy-in and acceptance of solution approaches, and to ensure that decisions are made with the interest of the enterprise vision in mind Minimum 5 years Cloud, Minimum 10 years IT and or IS Very strong proficiency and knowledge in designing infrastructure capabilities to support highly-available, secure and scalable systems in both traditional (three-tier) and contemporary (serverless, containers, PaaS/SaaS) application architectures 5+ years' experience designing, executing and supporting IT infrastructure solutions. 5+ years' experience implementing foundational infrastructure services - networking, security, account/organizations, logging & monitoring, identity access management, etc Experience in various IT/IS disciplines, technologies, and platforms (Infrastructure, Networking,firewalls, communication protocols, databases and mobility) Experience implementing infrastructure security controls, and audit services Experience in large-scale migration of application workloads from on-prem or collocated data centers to a cloud platform Ability to create and deliver effective presentations and briefings to key stakeholders – IS Team, SE & DevOps Teams, IT senior management & executives Literacy with Agile practices and tools such as Jira, Kanban, etc. Highly effective communication skills - written & verbal Innovative mindset and persistence. Decision making skills. Planning and organization Analytical Skill Technical Writing Skills. (Specifically related to IS projects) Teamwork Ability to concurrently project manage a diverse list of items Able to collect and translate business requirements. Flexibility, ability to change focus and adopt to changing corporate priorities. Time Management skills Bilingual is an asset An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID593:
Lead the design and development of the Fusion Centre Intelligence program, including framework, processes and procedures; in consultation with Fusion and cross-pillar teams; providing substantive expertise on intelligence tradecraft, best-practices and collection & analysis techniques. Establish, operationalize and manage a complete intelligence cycle, including requirements, planning and direction, processing, exploitation, analysis, production, dissemination and an effective intelligence-consumer feedback process which enables continual calibration, prioritization and tuning to maximize intelligence gains and effectiveness. Perform coordination and quality assurance activities. Set priorities and shape the activities and capabilities of Fusion intelligence to ensure that cross-pillar information, intelligence and data is effectively aggregated, structured, collated, verified and contextualized so that linkages and interrelationships are discerned across pillars and effective analysis is undertaken to evaluate, interpret and transform information into finished intelligence products which are concise, straight-forward, objective, timely and accurate and which draw appropriate analytical conclusions and subsequently convey the finished intelligence to the consumer in a usable form which supports decision makers to take action to mitigate threats and reduce losses. Align Fusion intelligence activities to contribute to the strategic priorities and initiatives of the broader CIBC Fraud and Fusion group while achieving tactical success by meeting objectives and advancing the Fusion’s Centre’s mandate and mission. Support delivery of Fusion and organizational programs, as required, highlighting opportunities for efficiencies and improvements within operational methods and workflows. Identify issues and incidents of significance; determine the impact/urgency/ audience and take action to share required intelligence for operational and investigative responses. Contribute to problem and event management efforts as required, working with Fusion peers to ensure resolution as quickly and efficiently as possible. Proactively identify potential Fusion use cases and ensure relevant stakeholders are engaged; supporting the use case as required. Coordinate the Fusion Centre daily intelligence briefing which brings key CIBC stakeholders together from across the Corporate Security, Information Security and Fraud domains and creates a dedicated and consistent information sharing environment for the CIBC security community. Ensure the effectiveness of the daily briefing through continual evolution and calibration to best meet participant and Fusion needs; pursuing a holistic view of how the top security priorities and threat issues will shape the day ahead. Promote a shared sense of mission to protect our clients and our bank through a culture of information sharing and collaboration. Develop strong cross-functional relationships with colleagues across pillars and externally, including vendors and industry peers, to facilitate two-way information sharing to advance and support of Fusion Centre objectives. Assist in the development and provision of metrics, KPI, KRI, OKRs and dashboards as required. Participate in strategic planning and & roadmaps for intelligence and / or other Fusion Centre capabilities and deliver operational aspect of projects pertaining to these capabilities as required. Assist the Fusion Liaison Program in leveraging partnerships across FIs to enhance visibility & interoperability with respect to shared threats. Create contact reports as required to enable a repository which captures details of key partners and engagements, tracks operational information exchanged & commitments made and articulates partner perspectives, motivations, goals and approaches. Contribute to the leadership team and support the achievement of the business unit’s priorities and CIBC’s overall goals; Assist with building Fusion intelligence and individual capabilities by assisting in the development of less experienced employees, including providing informal feedback, explaining how performance expectations align with business priorities and creating a positive work environment and being an effective role model; Comply with policies, standards, guidelines and controls. Supporting a culture of continuous development and improvement by: Assisting with training and coaching of less experienced staff Giving and receiving feedback; Undertaking special projects with internal and external stakeholders, as assigned / required. You can demonstrate experience in 8-10 years of experience in information/cybersecurity, fraud, or physical security including management roles. Four-year university degree or college diploma and 3 years relevant leadership and work experience. Advanced management and leadership skills sufficient to lead and mobilize professional staff to achieve results, deliver on priorities, improve outcomes and add value. Ability to anticipate, plan, monitor and adjust as needed while inspiring, motivating and managing employees through constructive and respectful feedback which encourages and enables performance excellence. Exceptional ability to communicate in a clear, concise & logical manner, verbally and in writing; sufficient to convey complex information/ideas on issues involving interpretation and opinion, capable of ensuring senior leaders are kept aware of issues and provided informed and timely advice. Similarly exceptional at communicating with staff on priorities and issues in a manner which fosters accountability and transparency and conveys context for decision-making. Strategic orientation with ability to act tactically, setting conditions for team success. Strong influencing skills to represent and promote the Fusion Centre vision and mandate among pillar counterparts and / or Executives. Self-motivated and able to self-initiate and work independently. Tolerates ambiguity and has the capacity to shift priorities, change style and respond with new approaches as needed to deal with the demands of changing requirements. Is resilient through unforeseen circumstances. Comprehensive knowledge of financial crimes. You can demonstrate Exceptional problem solving skills to creatively develop unique approaches and solutions that are necessary to address complex problems; the ability to anticipate and handle obstacles and propose solutions while demonstrating judgement and critical thinking which considers context, risk, impact and CIBC policies. Exceptional relationship management skills; ability to build strong relationships internally and externally with multiple stakeholders. Deliberate and resourceful in seeking out the widest possible spectrum of perspectives and capable of openness and flexibility to bring whole-of-organization perspective to interactions. Enhanced analytical capabilities sufficient to oversee broad intelligence analysis, including the review of draft products to validate accuracy and reliability and ensure outputs provide appropriate insights and recommendations. Ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism and integrity; capable of creating a trusting work environment where the expression of diverse perspectives is encouraged. Capacity to foster a healthy, diverse, inclusive and accessible work environment where all employees feel valued, respected and supported. Ability to identify, encourage and support employee training and career development by providing active coaching and mentoring to develop talent and position the organization for success. Ability to exercise proper stewardship of the team’s capabilities to help ensure continuity through staff rotations and transitions. Ability to delegate effectively and direct work in a flexible manner. Ability to demonstrate to self-awareness and seek opportunities for professional learning and development. Capacity to cultivate and demonstrate knowledge of broader organizational issues, leveraging information from a variety of internal and external sources to stay current on developing news items, trends and issues that may impact CIBC. You put our clients first . You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. You understand that success is in the details . You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID594:
Be the primary point of contact for all incident response related services. Plan, prepare, execute and report on simulated table-top and live-fire exercises for our IR customers. Develop and maintain back-office IR support systems including case management, evidence management, communications systems and infrastructure required to support our IR services. Support our other cyber security services teams with Incident Response expertice. Work independently, and supervise other resources delivering IR services when necessary. Must be able to work in western Canada. Remote working is supported and likely required by clients. Preferably located in Western Canada, this includes Edmonton, Calgary or Vancouver 5+ years experience in cyber security or related field (Law enforcement, penetration testing, application development, etc). Bachelor’s degree in cybersecurity, digital forensics, or related field. High familiarity with Microsoft Windows and UNIX/Linux environments at a command line level (bash/zsh and/or powershell preferred). In-depth knowledge of incident response processes, and digital forensics, TCP/IP networking concepts and enterprise network architectures. Experience with infrastructure management, development and platform tools such as VMware, docker, ansible, EC2, AWS, python, django, CSS, web development, etc. Knowledge of techniques needed to detect, analyze, contain, erradicate and recover from common cyber security attacks such as ransomware, business email compromise, web server hijacking, web application attacks, windows exploitation, escalation and persistance mechanisms, etc. The ability to learn, study, adapt to, and develop ever-changing incident response and digital forensics methodologies. Strong written/oral communication and technical writing skills including report development, client presentations, sales meetings and managing other business relationships. Familiarity with NIST Cyber Incident Response Framework, SANS incident response and forensics. Relevant certifications such as SANS GCFE, GCFA, GREM, GNFA, etc. Advanced degree in an information security field. Programming skills in Python, Perl, Ruby, or other relevant languages. We provide a competitive compensation package that is based on the seniority and qualification of the potential candidate Annual profit sharing program Flexible employee directed benefits program including continuing education, certification, health and dental, fitness and technology. Remote working arrangement supported and encouraged. Apply today by sending a cover letter, CV to mark.linton@triplecheck.ca 
ScrapedJobID595:
Work with the Information Security team, businesses, vendors, and IT teams to ensure that corporate policies and procedures are being understood and followed Write procedures and technical standards to meet corporate policies and industry best practices Evolve corporate security policies and procedures to stay aligned with the security industry best practices Develop and improve internal processes to manage information security corporate wide Lead initiatives related to the remediation of security weaknesses or information security solution implementation while working with corporate wide businesses, vendors, and the IT team as needed Review technical configurations from various operating systems and security solutions (Windows, Linux, AD, VMware, IDS/IPS, FIM, SIEM, WAF, AV, endpoint encryption, etc.) to determine/enhance the parameters to meet industry-accepted hardening standards such as NIST, CIS, SANS, etc. Review security reports from various security technologies (vulnerability assessment reports, cyber security reports, audit reports, access privileges, etc.) to identify violations, intrusion attempts, or security weaknesses Provide recommendations and guide development and operations team to address security weaknesses and identify potential new security solutions Monitor the information security industry and be proactive with implementing appropriate information protection controls to mitigate risks on the latest types of vulnerabilities Conduct security product research and assess their appropriateness for the organization Produce report and presentation deliverables with attention on content as well as format Perform security incident investigations and document findings/root causes Perform Identity and Access management tasks Respond to alerts and notifications from users/vendors related to information security Develop and improve internal team processes to effectively manage information security corporate wide Review potential new service provider or outsourcing relationships for business units and provide advisory services for information security due diligence Evolve corporate security policies, procedures, and standards to align with the security industry best practices Review new IT implementations and identify security risks in network design and configuration Post-secondary degree or equivalent education in computer science, computer engineering, or similar studies Information security certifications such as CISSP, GIAC, CRISC, etc. Previous experience of 4-6 years specifically in the information security industry preferred Knowledge of current network and endpoint security technologies important (next generation tools, APT tools, and tools utilizing heuristics analysis for protection) Strong knowledge of technical configurations from various operating systems and security solutions (Windows, Linux, VMware, IDS/IPS, HIPS, FIM, SIEM, WAF, Cyber Security, encryption, etc.) Working knowledge of industry security standards such as ISO27001/ISO27002, NIST, etc. Demonstrated experience working with security technologies Demonstrated experience with implementing internal processes to manage information security initiatives Working knowledge of network architecture with multiple layers of defense Working knowledge of application security vulnerabilities High attention to details and accuracy Results driven Self-motivated and able to work unsupervised Ability to take projects to completion from beginning to end Strong written and oral communication skills Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities with keen attention to detail Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Strong aptitude for learning 
ScrapedJobID596:
Support the proposal and project risk management process, as described in the risk management plans Perform risk management activities in compliance with best business practice and corporate procedures Utilize corporate systems and tools to support processes Assist and, when required, lead risk identification workshops with multiple levels of the organization Conduct risk evaluation using both qualitative and quantitative analysis methods Work with management and, as required, subcontractors and joint venture partners to develop problem solving risk mitigation Partner with project teams to monitor risk mitigations Work closely with planners to understand delivery expectations, identify potential risks and link risks to schedule activities Liaise with the Engineering Risk and Insurance group to establish insurable risk profile Maintain a project risk register and ensure that the project risk profile is accurate and current Prepare internal and external progress reports to multiple stakeholders Provide risk management training when required Continuously look for improvements to the risk management process Support the team when project is peer reviewed Generate lessons learned reports relating to risks Bachelor’s degree in Engineering preferred, other relevant diploma may be considered based on work experience At least 5 years of combined experience in the Engineering and Construction industry Experience in risk management, an asset Experience in Project Controls, Commercial, Major Engineering-Construction Project considered an asset Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Experience working with one or several software suites such as @Risk from Palisade, Stature Risk Management, Active Risk Manager (ARM), and/or Primavera risk analysis (PRA) an asset Analytical and problem-solving skills Persuasive strength with ability to motivate and lead Excellent facilitation skills Ability to perform in a fast-paced environment Excellent written and oral communication skills Some Business / financial knowledge Previous experience working on a mega project (+ $500 Million) an asset Available for travelling based on project needs 
ScrapedJobID597:
Understand IT infrastructure and networking to be able to quickly dispatch security incidents with the help and guidance of Senior Security Personnel. Triage customer requests, apply playbook driven solutions, initiate potential incident investigations through assignment to security engineers and may assist the engineers with use web-based resources to determine if a given event is potentially real, or more importantly that it is benign. Attention to process and a willingness to learn are critical assets for the right candidate. Strong communication skills and easily interact with a variety of different people and personalities. Success in this role depends on the effective dispatch of both security and communication triage events to the correct persons in a timely manner. Understand the processes and systems Arctic Wolf uses, this will be critical in helping the Senior Security staff handle their customers as support specific customer requests. Creating and amending runbooks that aid in expanding the knowledge of your peers Continuously drive to learn new aspects of the security business. BS in Computer Science or 5 years in the IT industry required, university degree in a Computer Security program desirable. A GSEC (SANS 401) certification is desirable. Security basics Malware knowledge Firewalls and IDS/IPS Proxy and content filtering Windows and Active Directory Network and Security Auditing Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN's Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information. Background checks are required for this position Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID598:
Experienced Support Engineer (tier 3-4)/Technical Account Manager/Pre Sales background from web/network/information - Security companies - Required Strong computer skills with an emphasis on Networking, TCP/IP, Firewalls and proxy servers - Required Great troubleshooting abilities and passion to dive into complicated technical problems in real production environments - Required Experience working with a Cloud, SaaS technology provider Familiarity with VPNs, IPSec, security protocols and standards Excellent oral and written communication skills with a passion for working with customers Ability to adapt and work efficiently in a rapidly changing dynamic environment with a willingness to manage multiple simultaneous projects Ability to work effectively and thrive in a fast paced environment Ability to work with a globally dispersed, cross cultural team Own and manage customer issues and see problems through to resolution, this will include troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve customer issues. Mentoring support engineers across the Cato Support Organization. Contribute to the ever-expanding Knowledge articles on an on-going bases Act as a customer advocate working directly with other Cato Departments, this includes engineering, CS/PS and Product Management on customer issues. Be a focal point for the customer’s need as part of the Standard and Designated Support Engineer programs, by deeply understanding their business and aligning their needs with Cato’s solution. Act as trusted advisor to all Cato Customers and as such gain a deep understanding of their business whilst aligning their needs with our solutions Track & monitor customer status and identify both areas of concern and growth opportunities Be a part of building, improving and expanding Cato’s Global Support Services Ensuring keep Cato values are kept by keeping a positive and “can-do” attitude. 
ScrapedJobID599:
Understand IT infrastructure and networking to be able to quickly dispatch security incidents with the help and guidance of Senior Security Personnel. Triage customer requests, apply playbook driven solutions, initiate potential incident investigations through assignment to security engineers and may assist the engineers with use web-based resources to determine if a given event is potentially real, or more importantly that it is benign. Attention to process and a willingness to learn are critical assets for the right candidate. Strong communication skills and easily interact with a variety of different people and personalities. Success in this role depends on the effective dispatch of both security and communication triage events to the correct persons in a timely manner. Understand the processes and systems Arctic Wolf uses, this will be critical in helping the Senior Security staff handle their customers as support specific customer requests. Creating and amending runbooks that aid in expanding the knowledge of your peers Continuously drive to learn new aspects of the security business. BS in Computer Science or 5 years in the IT industry required, university degree in a Computer Security program desirable. A GSEC (SANS 401) certification is desirable. Security basics Malware knowledge Firewalls and IDS/IPS Proxy and content filtering Windows and Active Directory Network and Security Auditing Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN's Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information. Background checks are required for this position Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID600:
Experienced Support Engineer (tier 3-4)/Technical Account Manager/Pre Sales background from web/network/information - Security companies - Required Strong computer skills with an emphasis on Networking, TCP/IP, Firewalls and proxy servers - Required Great troubleshooting abilities and passion to dive into complicated technical problems in real production environments - Required Experience working with a Cloud, SaaS technology provider Familiarity with VPNs, IPSec, security protocols and standards Excellent oral and written communication skills with a passion for working with customers Ability to adapt and work efficiently in a rapidly changing dynamic environment with a willingness to manage multiple simultaneous projects Ability to work effectively and thrive in a fast paced environment Ability to work with a globally dispersed, cross cultural team Own and manage customer issues and see problems through to resolution, this will include troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve customer issues. Mentoring support engineers across the Cato Support Organization. Contribute to the ever-expanding Knowledge articles on an on-going bases Act as a customer advocate working directly with other Cato Departments, this includes engineering, CS/PS and Product Management on customer issues. Be a focal point for the customer’s need as part of the Standard and Designated Support Engineer programs, by deeply understanding their business and aligning their needs with Cato’s solution. Act as trusted advisor to all Cato Customers and as such gain a deep understanding of their business whilst aligning their needs with our solutions Track & monitor customer status and identify both areas of concern and growth opportunities Be a part of building, improving and expanding Cato’s Global Support Services Ensuring keep Cato values are kept by keeping a positive and “can-do” attitude. 
ScrapedJobID601:
Demonstrated experience and expert knowledge of Microsoft Windows Endpoint and Server Operating Systems. Demonstrated experience and expert knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications, and O365. 2007 and above. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of Cisco networking devices, such as Switches/Routers/IP Phones. Exposure to CAD or other drafting/engineering software would be an advantage. Interest and experience with cloud solutions such as AWS and Azure would be an advantage. Enthusiastic team player, who works well unsupervised. Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID602:
Amazing customer service skills
Windows Server (all versions)
Firewalls, Managed Switches, VPNs & WiFi (VLAN, Routing knowledge)
Exchange Server (all versions)
Experience with Hyper-V & VMware Infrastructure
MCSA, MCSE, CCNA or VCP Certification is desired
Azure & Office 365
Remote Desktop Server
SQL Database and permissions
VoIP administration
Extensive knowledge of Active Directory
Solid understanding of complex IP networks
Project Management skills
Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication, time management, project management
Proficiency in presentation of technical and business subjects to technical and non-technical audiences
Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and drive to be successful
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or assistance.
Minimum five years relevant IT experience fully supporting and building SMB environments.
Aptitude and desire to build and mentor a team of your own.
Must have valid driver's license and access to a vehicle
Professional yet fun and friendly attitude! Amazing customer service skills Windows Server (all versions) Firewalls, Managed Switches, VPNs & WiFi (VLAN, Routing knowledge) Exchange Server (all versions) Experience with Hyper-V & VMware Infrastructure MCSA, MCSE, CCNA or VCP Certification is desired Azure & Office 365 Remote Desktop Server SQL Database and permissions VoIP administration Extensive knowledge of Active Directory Solid understanding of complex IP networks Project Management skills Strong interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication, time management, project management Proficiency in presentation of technical and business subjects to technical and non-technical audiences Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and drive to be successful Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or assistance. Minimum five years relevant IT experience fully supporting and building SMB environments. Aptitude and desire to build and mentor a team of your own. Must have valid driver's license and access to a vehicle Professional yet fun and friendly attitude! 
ScrapedJobID603:
Works independently, prioritizes and multitasks in a dynamic environment, adapts quickly to change and manages multiple projects simultaneously; Ensures IT security policies, procedures and standards to be implemented and followed for enterprise solutions; Ensure technology, processes, and governance are in place to monitor, detect, prevent, and react to both current and emerging technology and security threats; Develop new security strategies/processes/best-practices while optimizing existing security controls and solutions; Works with third party vendors to develop solutions that meet the technical, functional and business requirements outlined by the Infrastructure and Security team; Works with Technical Designers to ensure all applications are architected to meet NLC security standards; Leads the Security Awareness & Education program for all NLC employees; Evolves technology risk framework and metrics to monitor security awareness and control effectiveness; Monitor, identify, evaluate and communicate cyber security risks to IT Leadership Team; Continuously expand your knowledge in order to stay current with security trends, risks and best practices; Support and counsel IT Technical Designers, DevOps, and Web teams on topics related to information security; Provide recommendations to improve overall security posture and compliance; Document all security incidents and assess their actual or potential damage; Produces and maintains architectural documentation and diagrams; Perform security testing of applications, networks and infrastructures, including vulnerability assessments, penetration testing and manual testing techniques; Actions change management documentation; Performs server and security audits; Participate in on-call support. Two (2) to Three (3) year post-secondary diploma in computer studies; Minimum ten (10) years Information technology field; High degree of security, PCI and compliance expertise; Experience with system integration, system planning, security and software management best practices; Strong organization and project management skills; Strong documentation and communication skills; Project Management skills is a definite asset; The ability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with rapidly evolving priorities; Proven analytical, creative problem solving and collaborative decision making abilities; Strong leadership, interpersonal, customer service and teambuilding skills; Proficient knowledge and experience working with breach & attach simulation and incident response procedures; Strong strategic and operational knowledge of key security products, tools and technologies; A passion for Cyber Security and Technology. 
ScrapedJobID604:
Assessing and implementing security solutions for clients Reviewing security-related events, assessing risk and validity, as well as reporting on security postures and recommending corrective actions when required Working with security vendors to understand their solution offerings and advise clients on appropriate technologies and architectures, based on their needs Conducting research on the latest security technologies and standards, as well as the threat and vulnerability landscape, in order to advise clients and recommend appropriate actions Facilitating use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services. Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems or Information Security or relevant experience in these domains Good understanding of basic networking concepts/principles (routing, switching, IP addressing etc.) and common services/protocols is important Knowledge of foundational systems security principles is important Knowledge of application security concepts and overall application design is important Experience in application development and knowledge of main programming languages, hacking or network security, and performing eForensics, investigations or incident management are assets You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID605:
Administration of everyday software and carrying the collective software history, you'll have knowledge of why we use the software we do, what works for us as an organization. This includes ownership of the software selection process Take all IT project management from the Operations Manager and Director of Operation Work closely with our CTO office for security deployment and other strategic needs (MDM, endpoint protection, tech policies) Help with IT onboarding and offboarding for new employees - laptop set up, first day meetings, shutting computers down remotely Asset and budget management - own management of equipment Administration of SaaS applications, you'll keep an eye on our software - Do we have enough seats? Do the right people have the appropriate access levels? Own the IT set up for the office when we get one! You'll mount wifi access points, set-up monitors, and everything else IT Run IT audits to ensure our software and processes are as efficient as possible Create and maintain IT policies, processes, and user guides Help empower Legible employees with regular IT training - especially when implementing new software Work to create more automation and smoother processes We are looking for someone who is able to work independently and is confident in their IT support abilities. For this role, experience is key; you will be working solo on various things looking for minimal support on day-to-day activities You know the right course of action and how to balance conflicting ideas or thoughts within the company as well as provide suggestion You're able to provide support to all walks of life regardless of tech understanding, role, or location; you are able to convey information in a way that fits your audience You're great at finding applications and software that integrate with Slack to improve efficiency and streamline processes Enthusiastic - you're someone who enjoys being the one-stop-shop and go-to person for all things IT You love helping and going out of your way for others and providing support in a friendly and welcoming matter You thrive in a fast-paced environment You are a problem solver; you're able to think critically and resolve issues. You will be able to walk in and hit the ground running Expected to have a minimum of 5 years experience of varied IT in a growth environment, startup is an asset Experience administering G Suite, Slack and password management software is a must Experience administering, supporting and deploying MacOS and Windows 10 is a must; mobile operating systems and Linux are an advantage Experience supporting developers, working in tech or software company is critical The ability to write and implement policies and procedures Knowledge on setting up an MDM, mail server protection, and other security systems would be a huge asset Experience creating detailed, but straightforward, user guides Working with external IT vendors / support is a huge asset - knowing where your skills are and where its best to bring in support Previously worked and supported in a SaaS-based, fast growing startup is a bonus Experience and / or an interest for IT security is a plus A flexible working schedule Great paid time off package, including a paid winter break! Positions you can grow and make your own A multitude of avenues for career growth and change An open door policy, you can bring this up with confidence An inclusive working environment - anyone and everyone is welcome at Legible 
ScrapedJobID606:
Act as a spokesperson and subject matter expert in information security governance, risk management and compliance for the Network managed services teams and clients. Develop and implement security safeguards and metrics in collaboration with operational and business teams to support client security requirements. Review and maintain IT system security controls to ensure compliance with industry standards, contract requirements and clauses. Review and analyze complex IT systems identifying risk and security exposures. Coordinate audits and IT inspections, managing remediation activities, documentation and reporting. Produce and maintain business risk reports and impact analysis, developing action plans to minimize risk to the business. Evaluate and monitor risk assessment and gap remediation processes and provide recommendations for process improvement Measure effectiveness of security processes and controls through development of metrics, dashboards, and reporting mechanisms Work closely with security and business leaders / stakeholders to drive security compliance and build a culture of security awareness 5+ years of progressive experience in information security and demonstrable understanding of the concepts of information security and principles of information handling and protection 3+ years of experience in designing and developing procedures, and processes for Information Security best practices Experience in facilitating and performing security audits Experience performing risk assessment and management, developing mitigation strategies Demonstrated knowledge of information technology security, trends, leading practices, regulatory and industry standard compliance issues (ISO 27001, SOC 2, PCI-DSS and others) Experience in executive level presentations and briefings Experience delivering services in a client-facing role Excellent communication skills. Bilingualism is essential. Experience in agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) Experience working in the telecommunications industry, with knowledge of network security and operations Bachelor’s degree in telecommunications or in computer science with a specialization in telecommunications, or the equivalent. One or more of the following certifications: CISSP, CISA and/or CISM. Any Security Clearance will be considered as an asset: Site Access, Secret (Level II), Top Secret (III) or Enhanced Top Secret (III) 
ScrapedJobID607:
Must be present and have lived in Canada for a minimum of 10 years (you will be required to apply for government security clearance) Be able to lead a team by closely working with a variety of developers, network specialists, unix/intel, database and system administrators Confidently speak and write reports both to customer, Kyndryl internal 
ScrapedJobID608:

ScrapedJobID609:
Configure, test, and maintain LAN equipment and services, including switches, routers, and VPN. Create virtual machines and set up all networking and scripts required to support research configurations Configure, maintain and perform ongoing monitoring of MS Windows Server and Workstation technologies (e.g., Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group Policies) Configure, maintain and perform ongoing monitoring of Linux-based Servers and workstations Set up user accounts, permissions and passwords to ensure authorized access and compliance with policy. Deploy, configure, monitor and maintain security appliances (e.g., Firewalls, IDS/IPS, SIEMS, forensic analysis tools) Monitor, respond to and remediate security incidents Perform vulnerability and network scanning assessments Determine the setup, configuration and maintenance required for new and/or upgraded systems/applications Create and maintain comprehensive documentation as it relates to server and network topology, equipment, and configurations, including network design and diagrams, and ensure the timely review and update of the documentation. Participate in the creation, maintenance, testing, and execution of a Disaster Recovery plan and ensure that all systems are appropriately backed up. Backup to be reviewed regularly to ensure it is operating as required. Create, request, and present technical specifications and requirements for purchasing of IT/Security hardware and software, and coordinate with vendors and suppliers for purchases and solutions. Maintain asset inventory and manage licenses Participate in and support rigorous change management practices Work in team environment, understanding and responding to the needs of the team in a collaborative, proactive, and technically diverse and challenging environment Other duties as required. 3-5 years of relevant experience and recognized certifications in the administration and support of IT systems.A diploma or a degree from a recognized technical college or relevant experience in the area of cyber security.Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or Engineering would be considered an asset. Proven hands-on experience configuring and deploying MS Active Directory, and Windows Server services (e.g., DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group Policies) Have 3+ years of experience in security technologies such as End Point Protection, Malware Protection (Network), Patch Management, URL filtering, Identity and Access management (IAM), IDS/IPS, SIEM. Have practical knowledge and hands-on experience with one or more of the following:

Risk and vulnerability analysis

Incident response and forensic analysis

Penetration testing

Threat intelligence

Proven ability to conduct research into information security issues and security products as required.

Strong technical problem solving skills; ability to handle software and hardware problems; devise new approaches, apply existing criteria in new manners, and draw conclusions.

Strong verbal and written communication skills

Proven experience preparing procedural documentation to deploy, operate and maintain assets

Knowledge of configuration management or software revisioning tools is an asset

“A valid security status or security clearance is a condition of employment with CNL. Eligibility requirements for a security screening are outlined in the Treasury Board Secretariat of Canada – Standard on Security Screening”. Risk and vulnerability analysis Incident response and forensic analysis Penetration testing Threat intelligence Proven ability to conduct research into information security issues and security products as required. Strong technical problem solving skills; ability to handle software and hardware problems; devise new approaches, apply existing criteria in new manners, and draw conclusions. Strong verbal and written communication skills Proven experience preparing procedural documentation to deploy, operate and maintain assets Knowledge of configuration management or software revisioning tools is an asset 
ScrapedJobID610:
Develop, implement, test and operationalize secure network architecture on enterprise projects Develop, implement, and maintain documentation, procedures, and associated training for administration and disaster recovery of network Infrastructure. Continue to learn and investigate ways to architect, implement, and operate, secure, scalable, and performant networks. Support the enhancement of network automation and monitoring strategies Ensure compliance with security practices and guidelines, and relevant technology standards Provide input to IT leadership on both short and long-term network portfolio planning to enable the achievement of business strategy Partner with customers and the business and to align IT deliverables in support of their goals including better business enablement Identify the need for, review, and approve service improvement plans to address endemic issues Develop and maintain trusted relationships, and facilitate effective communications and collaboration between vendors, technical teams, partners, and the business to ensure on target delivery Ideally 5+ years of experience leading the architecture, design and implementation of complex network infrastructures. You have a Palo Alto Networks PCNSE certification or are working to achieve it. You have a CCNP certification or are working to achieve it. Minimum 5 years extensive hands-on and working knowledge in designing, implementing, and configuring Cisco network infrastructure including routing and switching, Remote Access VPN, DMVPN, and Wireless Expert-level experience designing, implementing, and supporting TCP/IP networks in a multi-WAN, multi-vendor, multi-protocol (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) environment on large enterprise networks Expertise across all levels of the OSI stack. Working Knowledge of network monitoring and management tools such as Solarwinds, WhatsUP Gold, and Cisco Prime Network troubleshooting, performance tuning, and able to listen, analyze the root cause of issues. Knowledge of VoIP and video conferencing infrastructure in CUCM, CCME, SRST, Tandberg and Polycom would be beneficial Strong network security background including network segmentation and DMZ architecture, design, and implementation Experience with Meraki and Cisco Wireless would be beneficial Experience with the Ekakau Wireless site survey tool would be beneficial Building Secure networks with Palo Alto, and ASA firewalls and experience with Panorama network security management Excellent written and oral communications skills Able to work in a high stress environment and experience problem solving and handle multiple simultaneous tasks Ability to mentor and communicate with others A team player, self-starter and able to self-manage and prioritize tasks and projects A strong desire to learn and recommend new upcoming technologies Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID611:
Provide technical leadership and conduct incident response engagements as required with the support of the Head of Security Monitoring and Response Develop incident response protocols & processes within the Global SOC, paying particular attention to best practices and advances in technology or cyber security Support advanced “Threat Hunting” for unknown cyber security events in order to find, identify and categorize advanced cyber threats Produce high-quality written and verbal reports, presentations, recommendations to senior leadership & other internal stakeholders across CGI Partner with other SOC teams to provide mitigation recommendations to reduce the overall security risk within the organization Actively research within the field of Incident Response, Forensic and Threat Hunting to develop new strategies against threats Leverage recent discoveries by the Threat Intelligence community to guide hunting activities and ensure the continuous improvement and evolution of CGI practices Review, modify and create the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) used by L2 & L3s Degree in IT Security, Engineering or Technology related fields a major plus Proven certifications in cyber security related disciplines. E.g. SANS Certified in Incident Response and/or Forensics Forensics : Perform forensic collection of endpoint or network evidence with forensically sound procedures Reverse Engineering : Complete both dynamic and static analysis Cloud Development : Possess expertise in any of the flowing: Azure, AWS or GCP services and associated security monitoring and response Log Correlation / Log Analysis : Experience perform log analysis Quality & expertise : deliver high quality reporting on technical issues identified and providing remediation guidelines Critical thinking; ability to make decision with limited information Teamwork : contribute to continuous improvement for the whole team Action oriented; bring complex security investigation to closure Quick Learner: capacity to absorb information about new technology and learn on the fly under tight timelines 
ScrapedJobID612:
Provides strategic leadership on all technology and data issues, with a focus on cyber security, compliance and enterprise Develop an evolving relationship between operational technology (OT) and informational technology (IT) by sharing and Guides the Enterprise and enterprise leadership by recommending and prioritizing investments and projects that mitigate Builds and nurtures external networks consisting of industry peers, ecosystem partners, vendors and other relevant parties to Provides positive leadership to the cyber security and architecture teams to build alignment between the security and Develops and implements a cyber security vision, strategy and capabilities that are aligned with organizational priorities and Collaborates across the Enterprise to implement a robust technology risk management framework (in alignment with the Provides reports to senior executive and the Board on the management of cyber security risk across the enterprise. Oversees the development of the overall enterprise architecture strategy, including data, infrastructure, cloud, integration and Oversees the development of enterprise architecture standards and guidelines and ensures the technology is being Enable federated decision making based on principles, guidelines, and guiderails to drive "secure by design" Establishes and coordinates enterprise architecture governance to support decision making on technology investments, Completion of a four-year degree program from an institute of recognized standing in an applicable discipline plus 10 years Knowledge of common information security management frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, ITIL, COBIT as well as those Possessing Utility Industry specific industry credentials and experience would be an asset. For example, the North American Possessing industry credential such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Possess a strong working knowledge of the TOGAF, Open Group Agile Framework, and Digital Practitioner BoK enterprise Demonstrated ability to provide strategic leadership in planning and organizing, including experience in dealing with issues Experience with Industrial Control Systems. Industrial Control Systems (ICS) enable architecture and security along with a Must possess a strong commitment to the value and needs of our customers and employees. A problem solver who is comfortable being hands on or facilitating and implementing process improvement initiatives involving Strong analytical and reasoning skills, including an ability to tell stories with words and numbers. An ability to work effectively with a broad network of internal stakeholders. Competitive salary and benefits package. Defined-benefit pension plan. Nine-day work cycle which normally results in every other Monday off, providing for a balanced approach to work, family life 
ScrapedJobID613:
Assist in developing, implementing and maintaining the Information Security Program policies, procedures and practices Monitor for attacks, intrusions and unusual, unauthorized or illegal activity Validate security events generated from SIEM and logs from feeding subsystems such as Firewalls, Domain Controllers, Servers, PCs, laptops, Office365, AWS, IDS, etc. Complete security assessments and privacy impact assessments on information systems, SaaS, and business processes Implement and monitor progress of remediation plans Collaborate with system administrators to ensure that appropriate controls are installed, operating properly, in accordance with the corporate policies. Conduct periodic audits Conduct vulnerability assessments and system hardening Ensure compliance to required corporate security standards, procedures, guidelines and processes Participate in audits related to security and compliance Respond to critical business impacting situations and coordinate the efforts required to engage the proper resources to remediate the issue Act as a member of the escalation team for the Information Security Incident Response Plan Assist in delivering quarterly phishing campaigns Administer security awareness training for onboarding and existing employees Diploma or Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) designation 3+ years of progressive experience in an information security role plus a strong background (5+ years) in an information system or network administration role A certification in one or more of the following is desirable: Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) Cybersecurity Practitioner Certification (CSX-P) ISO 27001 Lead-Audit Must have strong interpersonal, problem-solving, and conflict-resolution skills Must have the ability to multitask and work with careful attention to detail Must have excellent oral and written communication skills in English Demonstrated ability to engage and collaborate with employees, presenting a friendly, approachable demeanor to leverage security to help others succeed Working experience in the following areas: incident response, system, application and network security, vulnerability management, threat modelling, penetration testing, web and network protocols, intrusion detection, firewalls, and encryption technologies and AV/EDR Practical and operational experience with cyber security services and tools (Rapid7, CloudFlare, Imperva, AWS Security Services, Azure Security Services, etc.) Knowledge and experience working with various information security frameworks (ISO/IEC 27001, NIST 800-53, COBIT5, etc.) and regulatory frameworks (FIPPA, PIPA, SOX, PCI-DSS 3.2, HIPAA, GDPR, etc.) Working knowledge and hardening skills on information technologies including Linux, Windows, VMWare, MySQL, MSSQL, IBM DB2, etc. Working knowledge of network protocols, DNS, DHCP, and networking devices (routers, VPNs, proxies, firewalls) Working knowledge and hardening skills on Cloud technologies including AWS and Azure 
ScrapedJobID614:
Hands-on experience is required to provide specific guidance to platform & application operators to ensure real world security against likely & plausible threats to Rogers. Compile metrics for management review. Responsible for embedding design patterns, standards, and best practices for cloud security. Develop cloud services security controls, review with operation team, and facilitate the implementation. Work with application teams to deploy security controls. Evaluates existing infrastructure and identify potential threats and gaps in security posture and prioritize remediation efforts Monitor progress, manage risk, and communicate with key stakeholders on progress and expected outcomes, and propose and take corrective action as appropriate. Strong project management with an attention to detail. Knowledge of various tools (ex. CSPM, HELM for Kubernetes, Python, Jenkins, etc.), including the ability to deploy, configure, and run. Identify areas to implement continuous improvement of security and operational functions to support Information Security. Knowledge of cybersecurity concepts and methods including, but not limited to, vulnerability management, privacy, incident response, governance, risk and compliance, enterprise security strategies, and architecture. Engage with cross-functional teams in the design and implementation of cloud and cloud-security projects and initiatives. University degree or equivalent industry experience. Knowledge of AWS, Azure, and Oracle cloud services and related controls. 3-5 years of experience working in Cloud Security role. Strong communication, presentation, and relationship skills, especially the ability to articulate technical topics. Knowledge of security and industry standards (e.g., ISO, NIST, ITIL, COBIT.) The successful candidate must hold or be willing to pursue related professional certifications such as the CISSP or equivalent. Scripting (PowerShell, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Knowledge of Linux, Windows system. Ability to lead the team and work well both independently and in a team environment. Good working knowledge with Microsoft products such as Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID615:
As an IT Security Services Specialist you will apply your cyber security knowledge and skills to defend our clients from increasingly complex and persistent cyber threats, using our advanced and industry leading security tools and products and following robust security operations processes and procedures.

Working with a team of security professionals from our SOC at Markham, you will be involved in deployment and integration activities, device management, policy management, event analysis and triage, service-level reporting and other security services related tasks.
Your Role and Responsibilities:
Perform steady state management of various network security infrastructure and solutions such as NGFW, UTM, WAF, IDS/IPS, DDoS protection, NAC, etc.
Review and analyze client requests, translate them into policies and rules and deploy to managed appliances/systems, following all processes and procedures, minimizing chances of failures and outages to client environments.
Regularly review product announcements, advisories and create remediation plans and implement to mitigate associated risks.
Lead and participate in troubleshooting sessions to find root cause of issues and provide quick workarounds and timely resolutions within client SLAs.
Perform all activities adhering to IBM and Client policies, processes and guidelines and contribute towards continuous improvements to the services.
Participate in on-call rotations and perform change and incident management outside of normal shift hours, as required.
Contribute towards team documentation efforts by creating and maintaining effective operational and technical documentation.
Work effectively as a team player and proactively identify and escalate to management any risks and opportunities in the managed services.
Effectively interface with client and IBM governance teams, handle escalations related to the team’s services, and ensure high level of customer satisfaction.
**work location is Markham, Ontario** Perform steady state management of various network security infrastructure and solutions such as NGFW, UTM, WAF, IDS/IPS, DDoS protection, NAC, etc. Review and analyze client requests, translate them into policies and rules and deploy to managed appliances/systems, following all processes and procedures, minimizing chances of failures and outages to client environments. Regularly review product announcements, advisories and create remediation plans and implement to mitigate associated risks. Lead and participate in troubleshooting sessions to find root cause of issues and provide quick workarounds and timely resolutions within client SLAs. Perform all activities adhering to IBM and Client policies, processes and guidelines and contribute towards continuous improvements to the services. Participate in on-call rotations and perform change and incident management outside of normal shift hours, as required. Contribute towards team documentation efforts by creating and maintaining effective operational and technical documentation. Work effectively as a team player and proactively identify and escalate to management any risks and opportunities in the managed services. Effectively interface with client and IBM governance teams, handle escalations related to the team’s services, and ensure high level of customer satisfaction. English Fluent (verbal and written) Min 3- 5 years experience in a Security Operations role Canadian federal government security clearance Level 2 - Secret (e.g. lived in Canada for 10 consecutive years) Experience working with NGFW products, from major vendors like Fortinet, PalAlto, Cisco, Juniper; preferably with multiple medium to large scale implementation and ongoing support. Experience managing web application security issues and solutions, implementing WAF solutions preferably from major vendors such as Fortinet, Imperva, F5, Akamai, Cloudflare. Broad knowledge and experience with other security solutions in network/perimeter security, endpoint security, data and content security, encryption and identity and access management. Handling security Incidents, Changes and Service Requests using IT service management tools and methodologies (ITIL). Solid understanding of other IT infrastructure areas such as networking, servers, etc.; and how it relates to security solutions. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Information Technology Industry recognized security certifications. (Eg. CISSP, CCSP, CISM, CEH, Security+, etc.). Technical certifications, product and vendor specific certifications (Eg. CCNA, CCSP, FNSE, PCNSE, BCCPA, JNCIS-FWV, etc.). Experience working with service management tools such as ServiceNow. Client facing experience supporting large scale security solutions. Experience with cloud security solutions, working with major cloud computing service providers. 
ScrapedJobID616:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday machine learning: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID617:
Can you develop and articulate, to internal and external audiences including our issuer, merchant and acquirer partners, thought leadership on current cybersecurity & fraud trends in customer needs, best practices, implications for product rollouts, and future product opportunities? Do you have a proven track record of strategic selling and executing strategy successfully against measurable objectives? Can you work in in a diverse cross functional environment with limited support? Work as part of the Canada Product team to manage C&I product portfolio. Devise and implement strategies for their rollout and adoption. Support the markets with adequate analysis/global case studies as required to demonstrate the value of these products. Working closely with NAM & global teams to identify and execute product enhancements and new product constructs to drive additional revenue opportunities. These efforts may include concept validation, business case development, creation of associated pricing and other market readiness activities Demonstrate thought-leadership, product/technology management expertise and strong strategic selling skills Foster and maintain a close partnership with various stakeholders – sales teams, account leads and key customers to gather feedback and drive ongoing product improvement and drive the successful rollout of the solutions to issuers, acquirers and merchants. Understand the required product functionality and features, and commercialization of products in consultation with internal stakeholders (i.e., product sales, customer delivery, customer implementation team, relationship managers, O&T, Legal, Franchise) external customers and third parties. Ensure accurate and timely pipeline & revenue tracking and forecasting Monitor and evaluate product performance; ability to locate and use relevant data to support performance measurement, tracking, and product insights. Assist with the implementation of a new product management excellence (PME) discipline. This position requires a highly collaborative and self-driven individual who will need to manage relationships across multiple functional areas, regions and executives - at times remotely with limited supervisory support. Cross-functional team leadership experience managing multiple, complex projects concurrently and delivering timely results under tight timelines Knowledge of Cybersecurity industry trends, fraud and authentication products; broader payment and transaction ecosystem understanding of competitive landscape and industry trends a plus Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with an ability to identify key issues, structure analysis and synthesize large amounts of data, and provide recommendations effectively Strong interpersonal and leadership skills to influence and build credibility; team oriented, collaborative, diplomatic, and flexible Personal presence and ability to clearly communicate compelling messages to senior management and business partners both internally and externally including Head of Fraud, CISO, CIO roles within customer organizations Ability to embrace complexity, but deliver/articulate simplicity Advanced degree helpful 
ScrapedJobID618:

ScrapedJobID619:
Executing test cases, reporting the status, and logging defects. Writing Functional, Integration, Performance and User Acceptance test cases. Researching across multiple systems and assisting in updating defect management with requirement basis of defects. Running and/or participating in defect triage and business triage meetings. Building test estimations and identifying similar or related defects based on optimal test execution velocity. Supporting the QA team in understanding test cases, defects, and requirement needs for testing and escalating issues. Intermediate to senior level QA testing experience. Experience in multiple test management and defect tracking tools such as HP Quality Center, CA Rally, JIRA, Perforce Helix, etc. Experience in test case writing, functional analysis and traceability. Demonstrated experience writing and working with Business, Functional, Non-Functional, and performance requirements. Strong attention to detail and ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously. Designations such as CTE, ISTQB an asset. General Business Analysis skills and experience. 
ScrapedJobID620:
Lead the assigned Incident Response & Digital forensics team and liaise with other internal teams to set priorities as part of the incident response. Review and respond to escalated security events from other analysts. Ability to use individual team members’ strengths and skills to successfully lead an incident response and support RCA with digital forensics. Good technical understanding of modern threats, TTPs, MITRE ATT&CK Matrix and digital forensics methodologies. Strong report-writing and communication skills. Develop and evolve the CSOC capabilities, with a particular focus on continuous update and improvement to response processes and procedures; recommend new capabilities to help with threat identification, response, and prevention, including the automation of response. Oversee the teams on call and measurable operational effectiveness. Understand the evolving business landscape and product roadmap to anticipate potential risks and strategically align future projects. Understand business insights to strengthen and solidify the team’s mandate. Respond to service provider network attacks affecting critical network infrastructure and the cloud environments. Including Digital forensics. Utilizing “kill chain” methodologies, effectively determine risk prioritized response, investigate security events and make clear recommendations on mitigation. Preparing executive risk-based metrics reports based on the MITRE ATT&CK model. Provide expertise to Threat Hunting and Cyber Intelligence team to deal with threats in the environment. Provide expert assistance with digital evidence to support internal investigations processes. Performing gap assessments, oversee development of automation scripts, correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Contribute to security projects and ad-hoc requests. Demonstrate strong leadership in challenging environments, maintaining a professional, calm, and expert manner always. Undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, information science, or a related technical discipline 5+ years of related experience in cybersecurity or computer network defense or incident response or digital forensics CISSP, GIAC, GREM accompanied by a Forensics certification preferred Strong knowledge of Clouds, Service provider/ Telecom infrastructure, virtual environments, web applications and APIs Experience with forensic tools and methodologies is required Scripting (Powershell, Bash, Perl, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking, including routing and common ports/protocols. Demonstrated relevant experience as a key member of a threat intel, incident response, malware analysis, or similar role. Strong knowledge of malware families, network attack vectors, digital and evidence collection & management. Strong knowledge of Linux, MAC, Mobile platforms, Windows system internals. Understanding of payment card processing, related fraud and carding techniques. Ability to clearly articulate risk & findings to internal clients both verbally and in written form. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and documentation skills. Strong organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills. Ability to work well both independently and in a team environment. Proficiency with Microsoft-based computer programs, Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID621:
8+ years of /implementation/consulting experience with Security, Compliance, and Risk Management including a mix of hands-on technical architecture work along with compliance and oversight. Expert knowledge and implementation experience of information security principles, policy enforcement, operating systems, web applications, and a high-level of familiarity with malicious code uses, OWASP Top 10, and common techniques used by hackers Hands-on experience with secure networking design concepts, services such as DNS, HTTPS, and TLS, as well as securing software-defined systems Demonstrated experience in designing architectures to meet security and compliance requirements for large enterprises Experience building Security documentation packages and leading organizations through Security compliance processes, accreditation, and/or Authority to Operate lifecycles. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional or military experience Build and deploy security infrastructure and automate security operations for customers Collaborate on internal builder projects Become a trusted advisor to customers and partners for security Develop -quality technical content such as automation tools, reference architectures, and white papers to help our consultants, partners, and customers build on the work we deliver Innovate on behalf of customers, translating your thoughts into action and yielding measureable results Familiarity with security frameworks like PCI DSS, ISO 27001, HIPAA, and NIST/DoD Experience with CloudFormation, Terraform, or Ansible in production environments Experience deploying Identity and Access Management systems to secure access to public and hybrid cloud environments (experience with SSO, SAML, and Active Directory). Experience utilizing AWS Security solutions such as (AWS Config, SCP, IAM, KMS, Network Firewall etc.) to implement comprehensive and cohesive security frameworks Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges 
ScrapedJobID622:

ScrapedJobID623:
Design and implement network security solutions for internal and customer use Document systems in architecture diagrams and configuration management tools Continually review and enhance security and traffic monitoring platforms Handle vulnerability and patch management platforms for internal and customer use cases Actively seek and suggest improvements to IT security infrastructure Utilize monitoring tools to manage capacity and availability Focus on task automation where reasonable to reduce overhead Procure new devices and connectivity Plan and document platform lifecycle management tasks Train frontline technical staff in security related system architectures, basic troubleshooting and diagnostic processes CISSP or equivalent certification Experience with varied network and security vendor platforms including Juniper, Cisco, Palo Alto, and Fortinet Experience with log collection/SIEM platforms and processes In-depth IPv4 and IPv6 routing knowledge, including BGP and OSPF protocols Hands-on experience with DDoS defense solutions Comfort in working in ticketing-based environment is required; ITIL background and/or training with a focus on incident, problem and change management Bilingual (French/English), strongly preferred Working knowledge of network supporting services such as DNS, NTP, RADIUS, PKI required CEGEP Diploma or Attestation in Computer Science or equivalent work experience Minimum 10 years of experience in the field is required, service provider experience preferred Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des solutions de sécurité réseau à usage interne et client Documenter les systèmes dans les diagrammes d'architecture et les outils de gestion de configuration Examiner et améliorer en permanence les plateformes de sécurité et de surveillance du trafic Gérer les plates-formes de gestion des vulnérabilités et des correctifs pour les cas d'utilisation internes et clients Rechercher activement et suggérer des améliorations à l'infrastructure de sécurité informatique Utiliser des outils de surveillance pour gérer la capacité et la disponibilité Concentration sur l'automatisation des tâches lorsque cela est raisonnable pour réduire les frais généraux Approvisionnement de nouveaux appareils et de la connectivité Planifier et documenter les tâches de gestion du cycle de vie de la plateforme Former le personnel technique de première ligne aux architectures système liées à la sécurité, aux processus de dépannage et de diagnostic de base CISSP ou certification équivalente Expérience avec diverses plates-formes de fournisseurs de réseaux et de sécurité, notamment Juniper, Cisco, Palo Alto et Fortinet Expérience avec les plateformes et processus de collecte de journaux/SIEM Connaissance approfondie du routage IPv4 et IPv6, y compris les protocoles BGP et OSPF Expérience pratique des solutions de défense DDoS Une aisance à travailler dans un environnement basé sur la billetterie est requise ; Expérience et/ou formation ITIL axée sur la gestion des incidents, des problèmes et du changement Bilingue (français/anglais), fortement préféré Connaissance pratique des services de support réseau tels que DNS, NTP, RADIUS, PKI requise Diplôme ou attestation d'études collégiales en informatique ou expérience de travail équivalente Un minimum de 10 ans d'expérience dans le domaine est requis, une expérience en prestataire de services est préférable 
ScrapedJobID624:
leading the response and escalation of events that have been identified through various sources and security technologies and controls as well as our internal Help Desk notifications of security type events, Investigate data loss type incidents, network intrusion incidents as well as endpoint malware infections including Ransomware type attacks, managing response to alerts from various monitoring systems and platforms to address potentially malicious events in a timely manner. developing Threat Models; conducting application risk profiles; and maturing ivari’s secure coding framework. 7+ years of broad Cyber Security Experience, of which minimum 3 years as a Senior Security Analyst or similar role. Strong knowledge and hands-on experience of AD (Active Directory), OU (Organizational Units), GPO (Group Policy Object), MFA (Multi-factor Authentication), ADFS (Active Directory Federated Services), Azure ADFS, Azure AD and other cloud services, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Defender including MDI (Microsoft Defender for Identity), MDE (Microsoft Defender for Endpoint), MCAS (Microsoft Cloud App Security), EOP (Exchange Online Protection), Windows as Service, popular Operating Systems (Windows, Solaris, Linux, Mac OS); TCP/IP, DNS (Domain Name System), DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol), 802.1x, WiFi, firewall, proxy, VPN (Virtual Private Network), MDM (Mobile Device Management), MAM (Mobile App Management), SPF (Sender Policy Framework), DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail), DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication); PKI (Public Key Infrastructure), HSM (Hardware Security Module), Digital Certificate, SSL/TLS (Secure Sockets Layer / Transport Layer Security), SSH (Secure Shell), current encryption technologies; SEIM (Security Event and Incident Management), audit log, incident response and investigations, PAM (Privileged Access management), policy-based PAM managing administrative accounts to servers, services and endpoints, password vault, FIM (File Integrity Monitoring), change management; IDS/IPS (Intrusion Detection System / Intrusion Prevention System), End Point Protection, EDR (Endpoint Detection and Response), securing IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service), PaaS (Platform as a Service), SaaS (Software as a Service); Knowledge of SAST, DAST and IAST solutions, and Microsoft Azure DevSecOps frameworks Ability to assist development teams throughout the lifecycle with secure coding, with a strong knowledge of both the OWASP Top 10 and OWASP API Top 10 vulnerabilities and associated remediations Identifying vulnerable systems and prioritizing remediation plans with system owners Conducting research of emerging security threats and monitor 3rd party Cyber Security Advisories for latest vulnerabilities discovered and work with internal units to address applicable advisories Managing intrusion detection/prevention systems and advanced threat protection technologies – maintain continuous monitoring of network and end point activities System hardening with accumulated good experience implementing CIS Benchmarks and / or NIST CSF Executing Threat Modelling and Risk Assessments to critical projects and on a need basis. Certifications desired are: CISSP, CCSP, GIAC Forensics, CRISC, CEH, CISM, Security+ are all assets but not mandatory. High level of personal integrity, as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters, and show an appropriate level of judgment and maturity Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to effectively communicate and interpret infrastructure and data security, as well as risk remediation concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences Excellent analytical skills, the ability to manage multiple projects under strict timelines, as well as the ability to work well in demanding, dynamic environment and meet overall infrastructure and data protection objectives. Bringing clarity and focus to your work; Taking ownership and doing what you say you will; Remaining flexible; Collaborating with others; 
ScrapedJobID625:
Lead the team of Product/Application security professionals and be the SME in the AppSec vertical Conduct threat modeling and risk assessment exercises with development teams Contribute to the infrastructure, application and security teams at Dotdash Perform regular security assessments of Dotdash’s platforms and software Configure systems to comply with industry best practices and hardening standards Manage a bug bounty program including paying bounties and assigning vulnerabilities to appropriate development teams for remediation Monitor remediation of vulnerabilities in 3rd party libraries across all software development teams Support application development teams by serving as a subject matter expert Assist the security team in expanding cybersecurity awareness across the organization through security review and training sessions with internal staff Document security standards and guidelines pertaining to application development, configuration and deployment Evaluation of new technologies, tools, and/or development techniques that impact security 3-5+ years’ experience in a security technical role or software development Experience with leading security teams Solid understanding of WebApp integrations with secure coding practices and automating security checks in pipelines Understands the principle of least privilege and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability triad and will work to enforce those concepts in our environment Experience with languages such as Python, Javascript, Java, Node.js Understanding of compliance obligations for privacy acts including CCPA and GDPR Demonstrable knowledge of security concepts and common vulnerabilities like the OWASP Top 10 Strong understanding of virtual machines, containerization and cloud architecture Passionate about securing software in all phases of the SDLC Proven experience with web application penetration testing Ability to multitask and prioritize work effectively Attention to detail Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
ScrapedJobID626:
Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Demonstrate ability to assimilate new knowledge. Demonstrate and apply a thorough understanding of complex information systems. Use knowledge of the current IT environment and industry trends to identify vulnerabilities and communicate this information to the engagement team and client management through written correspondence and verbal presentations. Contribute to people-related initiatives, including development, coaching, recruiting, training, and retaining staff. Maintain an educational program to continually develop the personal skills of yourself and other operators. Understand and follow workplace policies and procedures. Undergraduate or masters’ degree preferably in one of the following areas: Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, other related majors, or other equivalent work experience 3+ years of recent offensive security experience (internal and external penetration testing, Red Teaming, social engineering, etc.) Possession of certifications such as OSCP, OSCE, GPEN, RTO, ePTX, etc. Experience in working independently or as part of a large team to deliver offensive Cyber services as standalone deliverables or within large, complex projects. Expertise in developing malware and custom tooling that remains undetected by enterprise endpoint protections Experience with performing manual and automated OSINT collection and organizing findings Strong knowledge of modern offensive security tools and frameworks, such as Bloodhound, nmap, Impacket, etc. Familiarity with all stages in the Cyber Kill Chain and the MITRE ATT&CK Framework Excellent interpersonal, written, verbal, communication, and presentation skills Practical experience with conducting penetration tests and red team assessments Excellent analytical skills and knowledge of data analytics methods Demonstrated leadership abilities Security Clearance is preferred or ability to obtain Security Clearance Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID627:
Install, configure and test servers, storage, workstations, and network infrastructure for physical security solutions Install, configure, and test physical security management software packages, databases, operating systems and virtualization platforms Support all aspects of system functionality and utilization including firewalls, network component systems, cybersecurity, and network switches Design IT infrastructure for physical security; maintain, troubleshoot and service issues related to security infrastructure Work closely and collaborate with Systems Technicians for successful system delivery; research, prototype and develop integrations between components of physical and logical security systems Preparation and use of Method of Practice (MoP) Relationship building with clients and prospects for future opportunities Administrative duties including project updates to Project Managers, completing and filing all project documentation Prepare and maintain documentation in an efficient and professional manner Research, prototype, and develop integrations between the components of physical and logical security systems Be organized, enthusiastic, and take direction from the Project Management Office and the Director of Projects & Design Be willing and available to participate in an after hours On-Call rotation Previous and progressive experience in IT, with proven experience designing, deploying and supporting complex systems Experience in the following technologies is required:
Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2012, and 2016, Windows 7/8/10, basic MS SQL administration tasks, IP networking, routers/switches, backup concepts, and logical security
Accreditation or certification from a major network supplier such as Cisco
Certification in, or experience with, Microsoft Server and Client OS Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2012, and 2016, Windows 7/8/10, basic MS SQL administration tasks, IP networking, routers/switches, backup concepts, and logical security Accreditation or certification from a major network supplier such as Cisco Certification in, or experience with, Microsoft Server and Client OS Experience with the following technologies is an asset:
Virtualization, clustering, fault-tolerant systems, modern development, and scripting languages, advanced MS SQL administration tasks including reporting, SAN/WAN architectures, HTML, JavaScript, XML, and Crystal Reports
Microsoft Certified Systems Expert (MCSE) and/or Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP)
Understanding of experience with Physical Security system integration, including CCTV, Access Control, Intercom and Intrusion
Certification in, or extensive experience with, VMware Virtualization, clustering, fault-tolerant systems, modern development, and scripting languages, advanced MS SQL administration tasks including reporting, SAN/WAN architectures, HTML, JavaScript, XML, and Crystal Reports Microsoft Certified Systems Expert (MCSE) and/or Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) Understanding of experience with Physical Security system integration, including CCTV, Access Control, Intercom and Intrusion Certification in, or extensive experience with, VMware Post-secondary degree or diploma from a Technology Institute in computing, network support, or electronics Clear and concise written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present technical data and analysis to internal and external stakeholders 
ScrapedJobID628:
Collaborate with your team on projects and engagements, assisting with various tasks and deliverables for these engagements Deliver on project timelines, schedules and time allocation Collaborate on security awareness programs, establish education plan, determine, customize and launch phishing campaigns. Collaborate on security awareness training sessions Liaise with multiple internal cross-functional teams across various business lines to collaborate and gain insights, knowledge and exposure Help the team setting up SOWs, scoping client needs and improve delivery processes Participate to pre sales calls and meetings with team and client You are fluently bilingual in reading, writing and speaking both French and English You hold a university degree in a related field You have 1+ years of practical cybersecurity experience You are passionate about security awareness You have great communication skills, both in French and English Knowledge of these security frameworks could be an asset: NIST Cyber Security Framework, IS0 27001, CIS Top 20, PCI, etc. 
ScrapedJobID629:
Deliver industry and technical expertise in information security through client interactions, reports, technical work, management presentations and the creation of high-quality deliverables Execute transactions through the provision of client services including planning, budgeting, scheduling, and coordinating engagements Facilitate collaboration with client engagement team prior to commencement of client work to discuss roles and responsibilities, risk areas, materiality and deadlines Identify ways to maximize the relationship with clients and deliver added value Maintain high quality control by reviewing work done from other team members for accuracy and completeness; provide feedback to team members Monitor project timelines against targets, adjust where necessary; advise clients of project status Network and take a leadership role in the professional, business and local community while raising awareness of MNP and looking for new business development opportunities Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Assist in the development and training of team members Possess a bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field CISSP, CISA, CISM and/or other related certifications Minimum 5 years of experience in security & privacy services Minimum 5 years of experience defining and implementing cyber security services & solutions Excellent understanding of Cyber Security Services (penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, TRA’s, PCI, etc.) and Solutions (NGFW, IPS, 2-factor authentication, SIEM, networking etc.), including architecting, configuration and installation Experience with Creating and Delivering Cyber Security Services (i.e. TRA’s, PCI, Pen Testing, Cyber maturity Assessments, Cyber Security Risk Assessments for Cloud, Incident response/forensics, NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP), etc.) Understanding of Security and Privacy regulatory/legislative compliance (OSFI, Interac, PCI, PIPEDA, etc.) Understanding of IT security and governance frameworks, such as ISO 27001/2 and COBIT Experience with architecting, configuration and delivering technology-based controls Bilingualism in French and English Security Clearance is considered an asset and will be required Some travel required 
ScrapedJobID630:
Competitive compensation package; Flexible work hours that offer work/life balance; Opportunity to learn, grow and innovate; Friendly and supportive team environment; and, Opportunity to provide your input into making this organization successful. Manage Help Desk tickets in a timely manner. Respond to client/user issues via phone, email and computer chat (Slack/Zoom). Provide client/user assistance. Document client/user interactions. Run diagnostics to resolve client/user reported issues. Escalate issues to the next Tier with next level of difficulty. Install, make changes and repair computer hardware and software. Follow-up with client/user to ensure issues are resolved. Regular follow up with clients with recommendations, updates and action plans (internal and external). Reproduce issues in-house, respond back in a timely manner, and escalate issues in a timely manner. Participate in projects when needed to deploy new solutions or company software to external clients. Work with different vendors and partners to ensure systems are stable and configured as per company standards. Leverage internal technical expertise, including peers, knowledge base, community forums and other internal tools, to provide the most effective solutions to customer issues. Create/document solutions to capture new learning for reuse throughout the organization. Participate in technical communication within the IT Team to share best practices and learn about new technologies. Install and configure hardware and software components to ensure usability. Troubleshoot hardware and software issues. Repair/replace damaged hardware. Upgrade/patch user systems to enable compatible software on all computers. Management of the IT hardware and software inventory along with licensing information. Install and upgrade anti-virus software to ensure security at the user level. Perform tests and evaluations of new software and hardware. Provide support to users and be the first point of contact for error reporting. Establish good relationships with all departments and colleagues. Manage and conduct daily backups and related operations. Maintain technical documentation on installation of software, configuration of hardware and problem troubleshooting. Assist with troubleshooting of printers/photocopiers and various software. Provide training on systems as required to end users. Other duties as required by the Company. Flexibility to work a variety of shifts with minimal notice. Available to work overtime. Detail oriented in order to keep detailed notes on tickets. Highly organized to keep Help desk tickets order. Hands on experience with diagnosing and resolving basic technical issues. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Customer-oriented and patient. Proficiency with a Windows (Windows 2008 and above administration) and Linux (Centos/Alma) Working knowledge in MS-Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, O365 and related technologies administration such as DHCP/DNS, SSL certificates, etc. Ability to troubleshoot MS office suite, printers, PCs, and servers. 
ScrapedJobID631:
Access security questionnaires from customers (Worldwide) Provide and documents Answers in our intranet and our customer request management tool Work with the Sales team to answer ‘request for proposal’ question’s related to information security. Work with the security, architecture, and product team to maintain the proper answers in our customer database Assess as part of a pre-audit the various systems and processes for compliance against an industry's standards (e.g., SOC 2 type 2, ISO27001, NIST, CIS, GDPR, PIPEDA) and work with the Equisoft Team’s to apply corrective actions when needed Review and monitor effectiveness of security controls Maintain documentation related to compliance systems Participate annual security revision initiatives Participate to improve all information governance and security processes Participate in producing Key Risk Indicator, Dashboards and other related reporting for customers and executive at Equisoft. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering, Information Technology or Cybersecurity/Information security experience 5 years of experience in a role related to security Industry standard certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISA, CISM) or equivalent is an asset Strong knowledge of security principles and best practices Strong communication and interpersonal skills, ability to negotiate and sell ideas Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Ability to multi-task in a rapid-paced environment Excellent knowledge of English (spoken and written) Competitive compensation & comprehensive benefits packages Flexible work schedules Collaborative and modern workspaces located in the heart of Montreal's downtown Access to an online learning platform Career development up to your ambitions Various social activities throughout the year including a summer BBQ, an amazing Christmas party and numerous happy hours! 
ScrapedJobID632:
Comply with company health and safety policies and adhere to company standards for product and service delivery. Perform work in accordance with approved equipment, calibration, maintenance, and safety procedures. Perform calibrations at customer locations (on occasion). Must be able to determine the standards needed for the job. Investigate and develop standards, methods, procedures, work instructions, and fixtures to support inspection and testing. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May be required to coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. Estimate repairs and contact vendors to source replacement parts and other technical information as necessary. Conduct inspection, testing, evaluate, service, repairs, and calibration of voltage detecting devices, electrical and gas metering. Assists in maintaining laboratory NAIL accreditation. Adapt equipment, standards, and procedures to accomplish unique measurements. Perform corrective actions to address identified measurement problems. Record data gathered during calibration. Identify and utilize appropriate measurement procedures. Generate Certificates of Calibration and/or Out of Tolerance Reports as required, and in correct media appropriate to meet customer requirements. Maintain Primary and/or intrinsic calibration standards. Create and maintain all testing/repair and calibration procedures for the Meter Department. Assemble LTL branded metering products. Maintain training materials and procedures for the Meter Department. Ensure quality and on-time delivery of all serviced products. Maintain documentation on all material testing procedures. Ensure safety compliance in the high voltage laboratory environment. Track and report production goals and achievements. Perform laboratory/departmental housekeeping and other duties as required. Provide on-site IT support to employee technical issues/inquiries with clear and concise resolution updates. Correspond with staff via telephone, email, and MS Teams. Configure and set up new employee Windows accounts, laptop and desktop PCs, printers, and desk phones. Perform troubleshooting on technical issues involving company network servers, information security, set up Windows PCs, Firewalls, and office equipment. Excellent attention to detail and technical aptitude. Required to be able to read and work from blueprints, schematic diagrams, and specification manuals. Strong teamwork and collaborative skills. Able to work independently and accomplish business objectives without direct supervision. Understand and provide customer care. Understand production schedules, production flow and maintainefficiency. May require a valid driver's license. Ableto comprehend and interpret instructions, short correspondences, and memos and ask clarifying questions to ensure understanding. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Excellent communications skills to respond to common inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, and/or supervisors. Physical requirements include bending, standing, walking, climbing stairs/ladders and the ability to lift/carry heavy loads of 50 lbs or more. Experience in diagnosing, troubleshooting, and resolving technical issues involving information security, network software and hardware, Windows Server, Desktop OS, Exchange Server, MS Office, and Office 365 Familiarity with Backup Methodologies, best practice around system upkeep and various types of office equipment. Experience in communicating and working with third-party vendor support regarding software and hardware issues. Post Secondary Diploma in Electronics or Electrical Technician. 3 to 5 years of technical experience in a troubleshooting and electrical/electronic service environment. Dental care Extended health care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Electrical and gas meter repair: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID633:
Working in a team with investigative spirit, good perception and judgment of the security landscape Developing our strategy for finding innovative ways to monitor our infrastructure, customers, partners and employees Being the target of security attacks and take mitigation measures Providing in-depth cybersecurity analysis and trending of logs, event data, and alerts from a diverse range of log sources Being part of building security functions for native cloud based environments Since cyber criminals do not keep business hours the job includes on-call duties on a scheduled and rotating basis Past experience from a Managed Security Services or inhouse SOC Developed and implement new cyber security use cases for SIEM Experience with SOAR or automation of tasks (e.g., scripting) Experience of working with AWS or Azure security services Experience of Endpoint Protection and Response solutions Networking and network security (incl. WiFi), such as firewalls, IDS/IPS and network traffic analysis Worked with Forensics (collecting artifacts), malware analytics or reverse engineering. 
ScrapedJobID634:
Bonus pay Bachelor's Degree (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID635:
Guide the IT Security team in the delivery of security solutions and infrastructure architecture. Acts as a senior resource in regard to developing and delivering strategic security initiatives. Develops security initiatives and designs for security best practices with a focus on strategic and complex security solutions, in conjunction with the Corporate Security team. Acts as a communication lesson/single point of contact for security incident management between the IT Security team and corporate security. Defines Northwestel’s requirements, architecture and design for security solutions with a focus on Identity Management solutions and/or Infrastructure Protection solutions i.e. Firewalls, VPNs, VOIP, Intrusion prevention/detection, Access controls, Perimeter security, secure content including Network Access Control (NAC), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), etc. Reports security metrics, provided by the Analyst, IT Security, to Northwestel management and or Corporate Security for assessment and possible review for the Information Security Steering Committee (ISSC). Approves vendor choices and establishing product/vendor selection criteria. Leads and coaches security staff in the delivery of new technologies and mandates. Develops and maintains IT Security preparedness plans and procedures to cope with information security breaches/incidents. Contributes to the continuous growth of the Security Solutions practice through mentorship, identification of new opportunities and development of security solutions. Available for occasional travel and call-outs after normal business hours in the event of a security incident. A Bachelor or College degree in Computer Science, System Engineering or one or more of the following professional designations or equivalent experience and the willingness to obtain certifications within the first year: SANS GIAC, CISSP, CISM, JNCIA-JUNOS, JNCIS-SA, technical certifications with major vendors i.e. Fortinet, Cisco, Symantec, RSA, Juniper, CA, Oracle, VMware with a minimum of ten (10) years experience in IT. Five (5) years experience providing technical architecture expertise on Security Solutions in a large corporate environment, focusing on solution implementation. Experience providing detailed technical architecture and integration expertise with major Vendor solutions i.e. Cisco, HP, Symantec, RSA, Juniper, CA, Oracle, VMware, etc. An understanding of PCI, NIST, ITIL, or other compliance frameworks are considered assets. Business acumen coupled with a strong understanding of project methodology and the ability to manage complex deliveries or programs from a pre-implementation and design perspective. Excellent communication, presentation, documentation and interpersonal skills are a requirement for this position with an ability to communicate complex technical points to others at the technical, user and management levels. Proven leadership skills including team development, performance management and the ability to reorganizing workloads to accommodate for changing priorities. As part of the recruitment process for this position, candidates may be required to take pre-employment tests and/or complete work simulation exercise to assess job fit 
ScrapedJobID636:
Provides expertise required for the day-to-day and routine troubleshooting and maintenance of the LAN Infrastructure, Videoconference, Firewalls, B2B VPN, Remote Access, Telephony Infrastructure and Network monitoring systems, working with other groups within IT to complete operational tasks. Reviews operational inefficiencies, systemic problems, researching and recommending new technology, and acting as the Sr. Network Analyst on major project initiatives. Diagnoses and performs analysis on larger-scale problems (e.g. remote access is not working, affecting multiple users), analyzing the individual components that may be contributing to the problem. Diagnoses and resolves non-routine and complex network/telephony problems (e.g. DCO core switch failure) Designs, installs, supports and troubleshoots more complex technologies such as: Ethernet switches and router equipment, remote access (SSL & IPSec, VPN), WAN compression devices, business to business VPN connections, firewalls, VoIP. Diagnoses performance issues and performs application analysis on the largest-scale problems. Leads smaller-scale projects of short duration e.g. 1-2 months or components of larger-scale projects, (e.g. cable, plant and equipment), where the impact on the network systems are contained. Liaises with vendors in support of communications circuits and communications equipment under contract and with building services regarding the management of the LAN/WAN. Plan components of large projects and/or plans and leads small projects. Graduation from a recognized educational institution in electronics, data networking, telecommunications, or Graduation from an equivalent formal education program and relevant technological experience Cisco CCNA or equivalent technical certifications preferred Five of more years of prior experience in an IT Network Analyst or similar role to gain design-related expertise with IT Infrastructure technologies. Understanding of CNL-specific practices and processes. Incorporates industry best practices and new technology into CNL's network infrastructure (e.g. next-gen firewalls, cloud networking, VPN technologies, etc.) Uses creativity and judgment in resolving non-standard problems. Creativity and innovation are a regular part of this position. Follows procedures manual and customer service protocol. Identifies performance issues using well-defined toolsets. Coaches and trains other members of Networks team. Communicates with other departments regarding the coordination of services e.g. with building services regarding the management of the network and telephony services. Leads larger-scale multidisciplinary project teams for periods of long-duration. Communicates with vendors as part of a Project Team during the evaluation and vendor selection phase of new network hardware/software. Works closely with vendors during the installation phase to identify and document potential problems, and their solution. 
ScrapedJobID637:
Design information security training, education and awareness programs for internal teams. Evangelize security practices in the SDLC. Provide requirements to development teams to implement security requirements based on regulatory and customer demands. Collaborate with GRC to maintain and enhance security policies. Develop security metrics on security delivery and enhance coverage, participation and effectiveness. Perform security assessments of third-party service providers used by Visier. Proven track record for developing and implementing security awareness programs. Understanding of the Security Development Lifecycle and how to increase adoption of secure coding best practices. Be prepared to roll up your sleeves and do the work that is required of you and drive the policy level corporate requirements across the organization as well as into technical development and SRE areas. Working knowledge of security incident response and management (be the process owner for the Security Incident Response Plan) Prior knowledge of ISO 27001 and SOC2 audit requirements and expectations Experience working effectively with software engineering teams. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work quickly to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment. 5+ years experience in Information Security with a software development organization Broadly knowledgeable of modern web services and service-oriented architectures (REST API’s), experience with modern web application security models, and understand the challenges that security experts face today. Industry accepted designations and certifications such as CISM, CISSP, CCSK You roll up your sleeves You make it easy You are proud You never stop learning You play to win 
ScrapedJobID638:
Handling the response and escalation of events that have been identified through various sources and security technologies and controls as well as our internal Help Desk notifications of security type events, Investigate data loss type incidents, network intrusion incidents as well as endpoint malware infections including Ransomware type attacks, Managing response to alerts from various monitoring systems and platforms to address potentially malicious events in a timely manner, Providing user support and troubleshooting security technology related incidents. 5+ years of broad Cyber Security Experience, of which minimum 1 years should be as a Sr. Security Analyst or similar role Bachelor’s degree in Computer science, Computer Engineering or equivalent. Accumulated Knowledge and hands-on experience of
AD, OU, GPO, ADFS, Azure AD, MFA
Azure Cloud Application Security, Microsoft Defender (for Identify, Endpoint, O365 and Cloud App Security), Conditional Access Control, InTune, MAM
Exchange online Protection, mail flow rules, SPF, DKIM, DMARC
SEIM (MSSP, TIBCO LogLogic), Audit log, incident response and investigations
IDS/IPS, Symantec Endpoint Protection AD, OU, GPO, ADFS, Azure AD, MFA Azure Cloud Application Security, Microsoft Defender (for Identify, Endpoint, O365 and Cloud App Security), Conditional Access Control, InTune, MAM Exchange online Protection, mail flow rules, SPF, DKIM, DMARC SEIM (MSSP, TIBCO LogLogic), Audit log, incident response and investigations IDS/IPS, Symantec Endpoint Protection Capable of work independently or as member of a team on
Responding, investigating, and escalating alerted events and incidents from various security technologies
Maintaining continuous monitoring of network and end point activities, Responding, investigating, and escalating alerted events and incidents from various security technologies Maintaining continuous monitoring of network and end point activities, Certifications desired are: CISSP, GIAC Forensics, Incident Handling are all assets but not mandatory High level of personal integrity, as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters, and show an appropriate level of judgment and maturity Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to effectively communicate and interpret infrastructure and data security, as well as risk remediation concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences Excellent analytical skills, the ability to work well in demanding, dynamic environment and meet overall infrastructure and data protection objectives Strong understanding of cyber security concepts, protocols, industry best practices, strategies, frameworks, and regulations such as NIST Cybersecurity Framework High degree of initiative, dependability, and ability to work with little supervision Bringing clarity and focus to your work; Taking ownership and doing what you say you will; Remaining flexible; Collaborating with others; 
ScrapedJobID639:
Work with team to create and review business requirements, for new functionality and/or user requests Support the Incident, Problem, Configuration and Change management processes with respect to IT operations, projects, service disruptions, etc. Generate reports for IT performance metrics Create PRs and SESs for IT department Work closely with IT tech teams to develop training and how-to materials Educates and trains users on why and how processes and transactions are conducted Produce process and procedure documentation Act as an information source and communicator for the IT team. Enhancing the quality of IT products and services. Utilize IT data for business insights. Analyze data to inform business decisions. Ensure the accuracy of system master data through process evaluation and conducting regular audits Maintains Customer, Vendor, and FI/CO Master data by following policies and procedures and reporting needed changes Document and analyze SAP current business processes and underlying systems/applications Undertakes UAT testing as required to support and implement IT systems improvements Completing detailed unit testing to validate that coding meets requirements Create SharePoint libraries, add users, manage access to document libraries, and set permissions. Troubleshoot and resolve minor SharePoint issues or malfunctions. Provide SharePoint support and end-user training. Reviewing usage and activity reports and make adjustments to ensure optimized user-experiences. Keep up to date with SharePoint developments and recommend version updates and upgrades. Experience 3-5 years required with SAP FI/CO master data management in an integrated environment. Understanding or hands-on experience with master data quality, data profiling, and metadata management Knowledge of SAP Master Data, integration points, and data flow Knowledge of Purchasing processes including requisitions, purchase orders, and planning and scheduling processes will be an asset At least 1 year experience administering SharePoint sites or websites Knowledge of SharePoint tools, including ULS Logs, workflows, and SharePoint forms for tasks. Detailed knowledge of the ITIL processes The ability to work and team effectively with clients and management personnel Ability to work both independently and within a team environment General knowledge of other IT Services functions and their responsibilities ITIL v3 Foundation training or Certification Superb collaboration, interpersonal, and communication skills. Advanced analytical and problem-solving abilities. Excellent organizational and time-management skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Attention to detail. 
ScrapedJobID640:
Plan, develop, organize, write and edit operational procedures and manuals and create templates Edit, standardize, or make changes to material prepared by other writers Confer with customer representatives, vendors, executives, or end users to establish technical specifications and to determine subject material to be developed for publication Document integration processes and procedures Organize material and completes writing assignments according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology Maintain a comprehensive list of acronyms to be used in documentation, analyze documents to maintain continuity of style and content and manage updates and revisions to technical documents Provide high-quality document deliverables by: Experience developing and maintaining technical documentation Experience working in a technical environment Ability to take content provided by the technical team and build customer-ready documents around the content. Ability to write in explanatory and procedural styles for technical and non-technical audiences and be skilled at prioritization and multi-tasking Strong proficiency with MS Office applications, have excellent grammar skills and a strong attention to detail. Prior experience with any of the following fields: engineering, development, law/contracts, cybersecurity Create succinct and easily understandable documents under tight deadlines Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in text and images. Experience with Adobe suite, Visio and other graphics tools a plus. Experience with SharePoint a plus. Thorough understanding of English, French a plus. English French 
ScrapedJobID641:
Working with stakeholders, you will perform Cyber Control assessments to determine points of non-compliance and provide insight into the risks identified. Participation in Security Review discussions, Walkthroughs and Assessments/Security Workshops. Participation in the Issue Management approval process Provide security guidance to RBC Groups when called upon, as part of the application control assessment lifecycle. Assess security of our RBC Financial applications with a focus on review of logical controls. Provide support to other assessors through peer reviews of work products as required Provide ad hoc Security guidance to the stakeholder community on assessments. Post Graduate degree in IT, Cyber Security or related discipline 2 or more years IT Work Experience Ability to communicate to all levels within the organization as required CISSP ISO 27002 Previous experience working with IT Risk in financial institution similar to RBC Experience with Application Control Assessments Knowledge of Security Policies and Standards; Information Security Practices Knowledge of compliance, audit and privacy policies and regulations Knowledge of cyber security technologies like access control solutions, authentication, network security, cryptography, PCI, privacy and data classification/protection A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Opportunities to building close relationships with clients Access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
ScrapedJobID642:
Key Certifications: CISSP, OSCP, CSSLP, CISA, GDPR, PCI, and DLP. Industry knowledge and an understanding of business issues. 20+ years of Software Security and Software Development experience. 20+ years of IT security and risk management experience. 20+ years of large and complex IT implementation experience. A clear understanding of regulatory, privacy, and industry best practices. Experience in working with IT audit support initiatives. We offer: competitive compensation, remote-working and adherence to COVID-19 protocols, bonuses, benefits, training and certifications, and vacation time. Perform a wide-range of cyber security assessments, including white penetration testing, black box penetration testing, dark web analysis, forensic analysis, system and network vulnerability identification, and security weakness remediation. Collect data and report potential cyber security issues in organizational information systems that may create issues, such as unauthorized access or network hacking. Develop and enforce industry information security best practices and other key security concepts to protect against fraud, data breaches and other vulnerabilities. Integrate and oversee advanced security solutions to reduce risk. Review and provide recommendations regarding policies, standards, procedures, guidelines, and policy frameworks. Providing and reporting technical details regarding cyber security events, including new information identifying intrusion via dynamic analysis. Bachelor’s Degree or College Degree in a related field such as Computer Science, IT, Engineering or a cyber security-related field. [Mandatory] Previous working experience as a Cyber Forensic Analyst for at least (x) year(s) [Mandatory]. Strong knowledge of Computer Forensics, Computer Network Defense, Software Testing and Evaluation, System Administration, and Threat Analysis. [Mandatory]. Strong knowledge of investigative implications of hardware, Operating Systems, and network technologies. [Mandatory]. Excellent writing, editing, and communication skills. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite. 
ScrapedJobID643:
Providing first-line response and initial management of any new or developing cyber security related issues including participation in on-call rotation. Enhanced level triage and assessment of security events to determine risk to business. Lead, contribute to security projects, meetings, and ad-hoc requests. Performing gap assessments, oversee development of automation scripts, correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Contribute to security projects and ad-hoc requests. Demonstrate strong leadership in challenging environments, maintaining a professional, calm, and expert manner always. Utilizing “kill chain” methodologies, effectively determine risk prioritized response, investigate security events and make clear recommendations on mitigation. Review and interpret alerts, events and system alarms using SIEM, other tools, behavioral analytics, and network analysis while providing evolved emergency response services, incident management and analysis. Respond to service provider network attacks affecting critical network infrastructure and the cloud environments. Produce detailed incident reports and technical briefs on security incidents and preparing executive risk based metrics reports based on the MITRE ATT&CK model. Participate and contribute to post incidents reviews and documentation. Identify and report on threat intelligence from external resources and use to apply risk based assessments. Day-to-day threat hunting, monitoring and analysis of risk-based threat intelligence. Conduct digital forensic examinations of digital media from a variety of sources, using industry's best practices and standard tools. Being proficient in the latest forensic response and reverse engineering skills, along with astute interest in the latest exploit methodologies. Responsible for developing and evolving SOC response procedures based on MITRE ATT&CK. Performing gap assessments, develop automation scripts and correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Maintain knowledge of adversary Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTP). Undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, information science, or a related technical discipline 5+ years of related experience in cybersecurity or computer network defense or incident response CISSP, GIAC, GREM accompanied by a Forensics certification preferred Strong knowledge of Clouds, Service provider/ Telecom infrastructure, virtual environments, web applications and APIs Experience with forensic tools and methodologies is required Scripting (Powershell, Bash, Perl, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking, including routing and common ports/protocols. Demonstrated relevant experience as a key member of a threat intel, incident response, malware analysis, or similar role. Strong knowledge of malware families and network attack vectors. Strong knowledge of Linux, Windows system internals. Understanding of payment card processing, related fraud and carding techniques. Ability to clearly articulate risk & findings to internal clients both verbally and in written form. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and documentation skills. Strong organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills. Ability to work well both independently and in a team environment. Proficiency with Microsoft-based computer programs, Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID644:
Providing first-line response and initial management of any new or developing cyber security related issues including participation in on-call rotation. Enhanced level triage and assessment of security events to determine risk to business. Lead, contribute to security projects, meetings, and ad-hoc requests. Performing gap assessments, oversee development of automation scripts, correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Contribute to security projects and ad-hoc requests. Demonstrate strong leadership in challenging environments, maintaining a professional, calm, and expert manner always. Utilizing “kill chain” methodologies, effectively determine risk prioritized response, investigate security events and make clear recommendations on mitigation. Review and interpret alerts, events and system alarms using SIEM, other tools, behavioral analytics, and network analysis while providing evolved emergency response services, incident management and analysis. Respond to service provider network attacks affecting critical network infrastructure and the cloud environments. Produce detailed incident reports and technical briefs on security incidents and preparing executive risk based metrics reports based on the MITRE ATT&CK model. Participate and contribute to post incidents reviews and documentation. Identify and report on threat intelligence from external resources and use to apply risk based assessments. Day-to-day threat hunting, monitoring and analysis of risk-based threat intelligence. Conduct digital forensic examinations of digital media from a variety of sources, using industry's best practices and standard tools. Being proficient in the latest forensic response and reverse engineering skills, along with astute interest in the latest exploit methodologies. Responsible for developing and evolving SOC response procedures based on MITRE ATT&CK. Performing gap assessments, develop automation scripts and correlation rules, tuning of systems & security tools. Maintain knowledge of adversary Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTP). Undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, information science, or a related technical discipline 5+ years of related experience in cybersecurity or computer network defense or incident response CISSP, GIAC, GREM accompanied by a Forensics certification preferred Strong knowledge of Clouds, Service provider/ Telecom infrastructure, virtual environments, web applications and APIs Experience with forensic tools and methodologies is required Scripting (Powershell, Bash, Perl, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking, including routing and common ports/protocols. Demonstrated relevant experience as a key member of a threat intel, incident response, malware analysis, or similar role. Strong knowledge of malware families and network attack vectors. Strong knowledge of Linux, Windows system internals. Understanding of payment card processing, related fraud and carding techniques. Ability to clearly articulate risk & findings to internal clients both verbally and in written form. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and documentation skills. Strong organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills. Ability to work well both independently and in a team environment. Proficiency with Microsoft-based computer programs, Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID645:
Perform complex penetration testing projects in the realms of red teams, network penetration testing (external & internal), reverse engineering, web/mobile application penetration testing, source code review, etc. Execute penetration testing projects according to internal testing methodology, tools, and processes Document technical issues identified during security assessments to articulate the risk to the client, as well as provide tailored recommendations for remediation. Perform vulnerability research and exploit development Assist with internal business operations such as service line development, process improvements, and recruiting new penetration testing talent 2+ years of experience with penetration testing against web/mobile applications, above and beyond running automated tools. 2+ years of experience with network/infrastructure penetration testing. Development and/or source code review experience in Java, C#, C/C++, PHP, Ruby, Python, Go, Swift, Objective C/C++, Kotlin, etc. Familiarity with application layer assessment tools, such as Burp Suite and other fuzzers/proxies. A good understanding of Unix, Windows and network security skills. Ability to work both independently and perform as a leader in a team environment. Ability to work remotely as part of a distributed team and travel to client sites when required. - **Current travel is HIGHLY limited due to COVID-19** Excellent communication skills in English (both written and oral); able to concisely communicate security risks to both technical and business audiences. Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related major. Reputable security certifications, including: OSCP, OSCE, OSWE, OSEE, OSWP, GPEN, GXPN, CMWAPT Experience working as a consultant at a reputable penetration testing company. Experience working as part of an enterprise development team. Experience developing custom scripts or tools used for vulnerability scanning and identification. Experience with performing red team assessments Experience with exploit development and reverse engineering Experience with client/server thick client penetration testing. Solid understanding of cryptography fundamentals. Produced public facing research and/or delivered presentations at well known industry security conferences. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of industry experience. 
ScrapedJobID646:
Support of Desktop / Laptop / Smartphone issues from various support channels (phone or ticket system) Imaging of Desktops / Laptops / Tablets Be the first point of contact providing solutions for all internal enterprise applications Actively resolves all IT End User issues from all channels (phone, email or internal ticket system) Provide top quality support to all levels of Bank employees Ability to leverage multiple vendors to troubleshoot issues efficiently Maintains the Bank’s audio / visual and teleconferencing equipment Executes the Move/Add/Change requests of Bank employees and relocation Continuously improve the internal knowledgebase with common IT issues Assist in the Site Reliably Engineer / Cloud Platform team with various tasks such as preparing of Windows Server, Upgrading Servers or AD tasks Assist IT Security Operations in the rollout of endpoint software via software automation / scripts, Group Policy or InTune Participate in Change Management and assist in implementing end-point related changes Provide prompt Identity and Access Management services Maintain adequate stock needed for IT Operations. Keeping IT storage room tidy Ensures phone recording systems are operational Ensure all business critical applications are ready in the case of disaster recovery exercise Assist in the maintaining the patch level for all-things end-point related on all 1000 desktop/laptops/smartphones Actively collecting and provide feedback to IT management about service levels Monitor Office 365, Dynamics 365 and other essential services critical to enterprise day-to-day operation Ensures call center operation is running smoothly, service issues are executed in a timely manner Assist in quarterly logical access audit, producing reports and verifying it with each department Maintains good audit logs on all tasks related to logical or administrative access management via ticket system Ensure all ACL and access changes are clearly documented for internal audit A college diploma in IT Computer Systems or Networks or relevant experience is required. Higher accreditation (e.g. Bachelor of Computer Science) is an asset Customer-oriented and cool tempered Good command of Windows command line (e.g., PowerShell 4, Command Prompt, Azure Cloud Shell) 1 – 3 years of technical experience in troubleshooting: Microsoft Office Pro Plus including Office 2016 and Office 365 Security minded when executing all tasks Audio / Visual Equipment / Conferencing Bridges / Webex etc. Various browsers such as IE 11 / Chromium Edge / Firefox / Chrome / Safari DNS and different types of records AD, AAD, Group Policy, ADMX for Office and Chrome, cck2 for Firefox Jira & Confluence Various Microsoft Desktop operating systems including Windows 10 Pro / LTSC Various configuration Windows Server 2012/R2, 2016/R2 and 2019 Server Core Variety of Mobile Devices such as Apple iOS and Android 10+ TCP/IP, Routing and Switching Consumer peripherals such as Printers / Scanners CompTIA Security + Knowledge of Azure Familiarity with Microsoft Flow Experience in a customer servicing role, preferably in the financial sector 
ScrapedJobID647:
Strong documentation and communication skills Good people skills. Organized and methodical with proven ability to plan and execute Ability to work well in a dynamic, fast-paced, pressure-filled environment Flexible in terms of responsibilities and hours The candidate should have the education of 3rd-year Computer, Electrical or Engineering Science programs or equivalent Strong knowledge of programming in C, C++ Strong knowledge of scripting languages (Perl/Python/Shell) preferred Strong knowledge of digital logic and circuits Must communicate well both written and orally Must be organized and multitask well 
ScrapedJobID648:
Lead resources in the implementation of technical solutions for an array of clients. Establish project scope and design workflow solutions for our clients while ensuring client satisfaction during the entire process. . Strive to understand and improve IT Weapons Design and Build standards Participate in IT Weapons training and recommended certification paths Be available to assist your team members 24/7; on call based on rotating team schedule Be an escalation point for the Service Desk and other Consulting teams at IT Weapons Ability to handle multiple assignments, manage priorities, and meet strict deadlines Proven client-facing skills developed in a professional consulting environment Experienced interacting with project stakeholders and vendors Perform vulnerability and penetration testing Perform system audits Perform security assessments Analyze security data and reports 5+ years in networking and security related functions 3 + years implementing security solutions 2 + years of event analysis 2 + years performing Vulnerability assessment and penetration tests Audit experience is a plus Training experience is a plus Experience with Firewalls is a plus Experience with Awareness Training is a plus CISSP is a plus Other network vendor certificates are a plus Other security vendor certificates are a plus A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID649:
Sur le terrain, sous la supervision du chargé de projet ou d’un technicien en environnement : Participer à des formations en caractérisation et réhabilitation de sites. Assurer la surveillance environnementale de travaux d'excavation, de réhabilitation des terrains et de surveillance de travaux de construction d’infrastructures; Effectuer des travaux de caractérisation environnementale, incluant :
l'échantillonnage d'eau souterraine dans des puits d’observation;
l’échantillonnage de sols (par forage ou puits d’exploration);
l’arpentage et le nivellement d’emplacements au moyen d’un niveau; l'échantillonnage d'eau souterraine dans des puits d’observation; l’échantillonnage de sols (par forage ou puits d’exploration); l’arpentage et le nivellement d’emplacements au moyen d’un niveau; Assister les chargés/directeurs de projet dans les décisions relatives à la planification et l’exécution technique de l’ensemble des projets; Assurer la liaison avec les intervenants sur le terrain, les sous-traitants en forage et en excavation, les représentants du client, spécialistes techniques ou les autres gestionnaires de projet; Communiquer au chargé de projet les informations collectées en chantier; S’assurer que les protocoles de santé et de sécurité sont respectés; Communiquer et promouvoir la culture et les programmes de santé et sécurité. Un(e) étudiant(e) en génie civil, génie chimique, génie géologique, en géologie, ou en technique de caractérisation et réhabilitation de sites, ou autre étudiant dans un domaine technique ou professionnel relié à l’environnement. Une personne intéressée à travailler sur le terrain, pour des travaux généralement réalisés de 7h à 16h. À l’horaire de travaux en chantier s’ajoutera le temps de préparation avant (environ 30 minutes au bureau d’affectation), le temps de déplacement au terrain, et le temps de retour des échantillons et du matériel au bureau (environ 30 minutes) Une personne proactive et débrouillarde. Une personne s’exprimant en français. Le bilinguisme, français/anglais sera un atout. Engagement dans l’excellence des pratiques de santé et de sécurité au travail. Bonnes aptitudes de communication et de rédaction des rapports techniques. Capacité d’effectuer des tâches multiples tout en étant bien organisé et en ayant un souci des détails. Permis de conduire valide Carte ASP construction Mobilité requise en région pour y effectuer occasionnellement des travaux de terrain 
ScrapedJobID650:
Maintain, operate and support STEMCELL’s enterprise-wide applications and technology tools. This includes monitoring and responding to system status notifications, and taking proactive action to improve performance & minimize outages. Receive, troubleshoot & resolve support and service escalations from other STEMCELL technical support teams. Identify, solve and document root or recurring problems. Take ownership for issue resolution, including escalation of critical issues to senior management and staff. Identify and lead opportunities for process & system automation to eliminate repetitive tasks, and improve the scalability and security of our systems. Work alongside other technology teams at STEMCELL to operate and support cloud-based apps and tools that empower them to meet their goals. Develop and build templates and tools for automatic system provisioning, configuration and change management to help our teams move faster. Embed into corporate project teams to support delivery of new tools or applications. Take responsibility for the operations & sustainment once complete. Work with the IS Security team to promote and maintain information security practices and systems throughout STEMCELL to safeguard the company, employees and systems. Contribute to the development, documentation, and maintenance of global IT standards and practices. As required, respond to emergencies and system failures including after-hours problems. Proactively plan and perform regular scheduled maintenance to reduce unplanned downtime. Assist with life cycle management & goal planning. Act as an ambassador for positive technology & process change at STEMCELL. Be a part of our user community to build and encourage best-practices. Other duties as assigned. Degree or diploma in a technology-related discipline, or a mix of industry certifications. ITIL and AWS are a strength. 3+ years of experience in the IT field, including demonstrated experience leading resolution of complex problems. Previous experience in a systems operations or DevOps role would be an asset. Work experience in a regulated industry like Life Sciences, Pharma or Finance would be an asset. Demonstrated experience supporting cloud-based apps & tools. STEMCELL has strong partnerships with AWS and Google Workspaces; demonstrated experience with these platforms would be a strong advantage. Excellent problem-solving skills to efficiently troubleshoot and resolve complex problems. Previous experience with ITSM tools like JIRA or ServiceNow is an asset. Active interest or experience in cyber security, and a motivation to learn about new technologies. Thrive in a high paced Enterprise environment with multiple competing priorities. This role requires flexibility and tolerance for ambiguity. Exceptional communication & customer service skills. You will work directly with STEMCELL staff to run and support apps/tools to meet their needs. Curiosity to seek new and better ways of doing things, generating original and imaginative ideas, products or solutions, and seeing them through to completion. Confident, results-oriented individual; lead by example and demonstrate a ‘can do’ attitude. Well-rounded and hands-on knowledge across a wide-breadth of technology. 
ScrapedJobID651:

ScrapedJobID652:
You’ll use your analytical skills to develop reporting requirements, then build reports to help identify progress and to drive decision-making You’ll help guide the organization towards new ways of doing things You’ll provide team members with guidance, including governance and planning support You’ll apply your resilience, agility and ability to deal with ambiguity and thrive in an ever-changing dynamic environment to be a perfect fit in our high-performing team Apply your strong process and analytical skills to guide cross-functional teams as they resolve challenges and implement process improvements Use your strong desire to better understand organizational needs to develop and align on a strategy to address gaps and improvement opportunities Implement cross-functional process improvements that help support our PCI program Collaborate with stakeholders to develop reporting requirements and to build reports Facilitate a continuous improvement culture (tools/ processes/ projects/ programs). Apply your curiosity and can-do attitude to drive innovation, progress, and results Proven experience defining reporting requirements, building reports in Tableau and other platforms Advanced analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills with a sharp eye for quality and detail Skilled in using a range of tools to collect, organize, interpret and summarize data, and to identify trends and patterns in data Proven ability to quickly grasp complex, multi-dimensional concepts and succinctly distill them into clear and meaningful communications for multiple audiences Experience with identifying process improvements and executing on them Strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to foster good working relationships across organizational levels Capable and willing learner who researches solutions to organizational challenges Detail oriented, yet able to stand back and appreciate the big picture High standard of performance, creative and self-sufficient, with the ability to work successfully under pressure A sense of urgency and ability to drive issues to closure despite setbacks A university degree The understanding required to quickly learn new technology and applications Bilingual (English/French) an asset 
ScrapedJobID653:
Le candidat, qui relèvera du chef de service de l’architecture de sécurité des TI, sera responsable de ce qui suit : Contribuer à l’architecture de sécurité. Participer à des projets de sécurité des TI sous sa responsabilité, en veillant à ce qu’ils soient conformes aux activités de l’entreprise. Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : CISSP, CISM et CISA Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID654:
Architecting a secure and reliable deployment CyberArk PAM Solution Design Integration of wide range of technologies A background in Information security systems. Minimum 1+ years of experience in CyberArk administration, including EPV, PSM, PVWA, CPM, PTA, and AAM. (Enterprise Password Vault, Privilege Session Manager, Central Policy Manager, Privileged Threat Analytics, Discovery and Audit, Application Access Manager) At least one certification in a related field, with strong preference for CyberArk certifications such as Defender, Sentry, CyberArk certified delivery engineer Experience with analyzing and managing resolution of CyberArk issues including password management, session management, routing/firewall, account lockout etc. Hands on Windows Server Administration experience – 2+ years Hands on IIS administration experience Hands on Active Directory and LDAP queries experience Functional understanding of TCP/IP networks and Firewalls Functional understanding of following protocols: TCP, UDP, DNS, NetBIOS, HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, SNMP, SSH, SSL Functional understanding of database concepts Prior experience as technical lead for enterprise software deployments Windows GPO management experience Basic UNIX system administration Basic database administration Basic scripting experience Experience with the following technologies/products: Identity Management, SIEM, Authentication and SSO, System Monitoring and Alerting, Ticketing Systems, MSCS and Web Load Balancing solutions. Monday to Friday PAM Solution implementation: 1 year (preferred) CyberArk PAM Solution Design: 1 year (preferred) CyberArk administration: 1 year (preferred) Information Security system: 1 year (preferred) Enterprise software: 1 year (preferred) Windows Server Administration: 2 years (preferred) technical lead: 1 year (preferred) Management consulting: 1 year (preferred) Active Directory: 1 year (preferred) CyberArk Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID655:
Work with our development teams to improve their knowledge of application security and best practices to ensure that we what we build is secure and protects our players and systems at risk. Working closely with our developers you will ensure implementation and continuous improvement of our application security framework to harden our online services and prevent cyber-attacks. Execute code scans using niche tools, complemented by selective manual review as well as maintaining and configuring SAST and DAST tools. Extensive work experience in the field of information/software security Deep knowledge and understanding of software weaknesses (CWE, OWASP) Cryptography and networking protocols Experience with static code analysis tools such as SonarQube Experience with dynamic analysis tools such as BurpSuite Experience with the OWASP Top 10, OWASP Top 10 proactive controls, and secure web development methodologies A solid grasp of web security and Window’s internals Experience working with agile development teams and a Secure SDLC. Experience working with compiled languages and in particular C++ Knowledge of JavaScript or at least one scripting language (PHP, Pearl and Python) Machine learning techniques and knowledge of compiler technologies A keen interest in security and a strong desire to learn new technologies As we transition into an agile delivery methodology the ideal candidate will drive a DevSecOps approach to ensure that key security controls are hard wired into our software delivery pipelines. health and dental insurance for you and your dependents the option to join our company pension scheme in-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career Paid for lunches, as well as fresh fruit, snacks and drinks around the office regular on-site yoga sessions 
ScrapedJobID656:
Enterprise Systems / Network - Management of systems and network infrastructure including: design, development and set-up; maintaining and configuring network related hardware/software (VPN, Firewall, routers, Switches, WAPS); maintaining and monitoring all servers (Windows, Linux, AWS) hybrid Virtual / Physical infrastructure; managing usage/capacity and operating system updates; documenting standards for all systems; managing Active Directory (Certificate Authority, Domain Name System, Dynamic Host Communication Protocol, Network Protection Server, Internet Information Server, Windows Server Update services, Group Policies) and Microsoft Exchange enterprise (email) topology; WAP Configuration; monitoring data flow. Internal Network Security - Ensuring security standards are set, documented, and maintained for all operating units. Firewall management. Configure content filtering, intrusion prevention and client/network antivirus. IT Hardware and Software Management - Managing IT hardware and software projects in conjunction with the Computer/Network Support Specialist and Operations Services Manager. Determine and provide the support required for completed projects in conjunction with all stakeholders. Work with in-house software developer. Backups - Managing all backups of corporate data with regular audits of its functionality. Determine and provide the support required for disaster recovery and business continuity plans. Aircraft Maintenance/QA data - Assisting maintenance staff with procuring, processing, and moving data from the helicopter to various systems in house and external. Technical Advice and Guidance – Supporting managers, employees, and other team members on issues related to information technology. Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday On call system administration: 8 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID657:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be part of a global cross-disciplined agile team working towards DevOps practices within the firms Endpoint Security team. You will have strong Windows infrastructure/security knowledge and experience working in enterprise on-premises and cloud environments. You will have strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, coupled with excellent development, communication, and organizational skills. You will be responsible for continuously improving the quality of our technology solutions, through a range of methods including peer review, retrospectives and refactoring as required. Bachelor’s degree 5 years hands-on information technology experience Working knowledge of Active Directory and Windows client-server networking Ability to troubleshoot Windows environments Competency with any scripting language such as PowerShell, VBScript, Python, etc. Have an interest to learn/work with cybersecurity technologies Experience with Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection/Defender for Endpoint and the latest Microsoft E5 security product set Experience with Microsoft Cloud App Security Experience working in a DevOps/SRE aligned team Good knowledge of Azure and AWS Effective troubleshooting skills across hardware, OS, network and storage Experience of platform design, build and deployment, with a focus on continual service improvement Experience of working in an Agile environment Knowledge of containerization such as Docker Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID658:
We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable Responsible for the analysis of IT Services delivered to the Business Create and maintain detailed documentation and execute monitoring, auditing of processes, produce performance and exceptions dashboards to drive improvement and efficiency Support the execution, improvement and participation the leading communications with the Business on several IT processes (resolution of incidents, changes, escalations, problems, system outages, etc.) Report on repeated service breaches to the IT Services and relevant parties to resolve. Contribute actively to the improvement and support coordination of proposed actions related to the Canadian IT Teams. Participate in the coordination of project delivery within the IT Services department Propose and provide regular KPIs and ITIL process performance reports on the delivery of the IT Services. Own our mechanism to successfully manage several topics including PC Standards, distribution list, folders structures etc. Review and analyze end-user requests related to security (Elevated Accounts, service accounts, RDP and PAM access, etc) Support Security Incidents investigation, audit requests and support the management of the Risk Acceptance Process Support Security initiatives: IT Security Training, Phishing Campaigns, etc Perform regular compliance tasks on specific projects (ex GC Secret and Protected B data) Collaborate with Global on IT security requests College or Bachelor degree or equivalent in IT You are fluently bilingual French & English with excellent written and communication skill Between 3-5 years’ experience in a similar role Experience as an IT Generalist who is comfortable to work across different subjects (Infrastructure, End User, Service Desk, IT Security, Other standard IT Services) Experience in data analysis, process documentation and performance reporting. ITIL processes knowledge is a must IT Security knowledge Results oriented and able to identify solutions Must be comfortable working in a very dynamic environment, with rapidly changing priorities. ServiceNow experience is a plus; or similar Help Desk ticketing software 
ScrapedJobID659:

ScrapedJobID660:
Knowledge of and hands-on experience with security based technology tools Keen understanding of the role of Security Operations and works with all business units to ensure a high level of Performs and participates in business continuity and disaster recovery plans providing input and operational Contributes to creation and maintenance of security technology roadmaps Active participation in the enterprise-wide service and support model includes incident management, change and Familiar with and provides department predefined metrics and reporting as requested Ensures alerting, monitoring and automation security tools are working as expected and responds to alerts to Provides technical consulting on the capabilities and limitations of the security technologies Leads the validation and practicality of new technologies through rapid prototyping Researches and evaluates technologies/products and make recommendations Works with vendors to finalize detailed technical specifications for hardware and software Installs hardware and/or software in test and production environments Tests and evaluates security technologies against established criteria Builds or enhances security technology infrastructure components, and integrates 3rd party components, using standard tools (batch languages, programming languages, etc.) Makes design decision within the bounds established by project, portfolio, site and enterprise architectures Ensures that components are engineered in accordance with the use to which they will be put (for example, backups may need to be both reliable and high performing, but restores may only need to be reliable) Unit and system tests all technology deliverables, and supports business acceptance testing Implements all deliverables with the highest possible quality (that is, fewest implementation defects) Leads the timely configuration, updated and tuning of all Security Technologies Leads daily health checks and actions findings Leads the testing of security software for system compliance Leads the actioning of Health Check findings by Security Engineering Performs daily routine maintenance tasks to Network Security tools ensuring patching, backups and other duties as required Actively participates to ensure the control of defined Security CI’s Performs patch management for Network Security tools Work in this role covers shift work 24/7/365 Acts as Security Operations Representation on CIRT and MIR Calls as required Leads the operationlization for Security based tools Acts as lead on projects ensuring they are completed on time and on budget ensuring project oversight and responsibility Technical knowledge of security tools Follows defined procedures to apply updates to policies, patches, updates and hotfixes to Security tools Scripting experience Knowledge in security practices Actively participates as a resource on technology project teams as required Participates with the application of the transition of Security technologies to production Follows project management methodologies to ensure planning and coordination of tasks and resources Participates in fiscal planning for Security Operations as requested Consciously aware of project expenses to ensure costs are within budgets Provides timely updates to ensure updates are planned and well communicated A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing,Engineering, or Commerce. Security certification will be an asset as well Minimum 7 years experience designing, integrating, and implementing end to end application, infrastructure, and security solutions in a large organization Proven skills in designing and deploying multi-platform solutions Broad knowledge of industry technology and directions, and specific knowledge in security and infrastructure technologies such as web servers, application servers, Intel, AIX, integration technologies, workstation technologies, database technologies, network technologies, IAM technologies, Cloud Computing, Automation, IPS/IDS, DDOS, Firewalls, Cryptography, Endpoint Security, WAF, Network, , VPN, MFA, SIEM, Vulnerability Management, etc. The incumbent should have skills and knowledge in capacity planning, disaster recovery planning, product/service Experience in performance tuning complex infrastructure solutions; knowledge of performance and monitoring tools will be an asset Attention to detail and effective planning and organizational skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Demonstrated initiative (self-starter) with the ability to influence others Proven history of both technical and management skills Good working knowledge of ITIL practices and processes Strong leadership, communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills with demonstrated experience working in a team environment Strong desire to implement change and make a contribution to the organization Proven history of making appropriate decisions and recommendations Good knowledge of Agile, Dev Ops, and PM methodologies Actively sets personal smart goals and understands how their performance impacts the team Actively participates in meetings and training events with a willingness to share knowledge and learn from others Demonstrate commitment to respectful workplace and workplace diversity initiatives Fosters the department’s culture with a focus on teamwork and stewardship with business units. Supports opportunities for inter-company synergies Participates in the management of all third-party relationships to ensure the organizations standards and objectives are met Supports continual improvements of IS methods, tools and technique Actively participates in the organizational budgeting and planning process by providing the necessary research, information and recommendations Participates with the development of procedures with the Security Operations team to ensure that the appropriate level of security is in place to protect the integrity and security of organizational assets Ensures Security policies and procedures are up-to-date and followed. Provides recommendations for security enhancements. Monitors security audit logs for breaches. Automation top of mind and works to ensure that whenever possible efficient and effective use of technology is applied. Works to ensure all changes are well planned and tested following enterprise change management processes and procedures. Performs monthly/yearly technical reviews and testing of security software for system compliance. Performs updates as required after vulnerability scans and ensure penetration tests are completed and findings communicated and actioned. Performs emergency blocks and updates following change management practices DDoS WAF Web Proxy IPS/IDS Vulnerability Management 
ScrapedJobID661:
Work closely with diverse teams within the Technology Department to design and support operational infrastructure. Design and build process to maximize uptime while preventing customer facing issues. Automate infrastructure setup and configuration. Proactively monitor software systems and infrastructure performance while building better monitoring systems. Quickly identify, troubleshoot and solve technical issues. Document and communicate infrastructure changes to the Technology Team. Contribute to improving our software release process. Assist software teams in building standardized development environments. Be available for on-call support. Contribute to building a Cloud strategy for the future 5+ years experience performing similar accountabilities in an enterprise environment. Experience with AWS is essential. Strong background in Linux Server administration. Proven skills monitoring and managing scalable web clusters capable of handling variable load. Strong database administration and tuning skills, including clustering and replication. Proficient in Bash scripting, knowledge of Python would be an asset. Operational experience with applications in our stack is essential such as Python, Go, uWSGI, nginx, Postgresql, SQS, RabbitMQ, ElasticSearch, Redis, Celery and Django. Operational experience with one or more automation and infrastructure provisioning tools such as Ansible, Terraform Operational experience with one or more monitoring/logging tools such as Sentry, Datadog, AWS Cloudwatch. Operational experience with one or more CI/CD tools such as Circle CI. Familiar with Containerization and Virtualization technologies such as AWS ECS, Kubernetes, Docker and VMware. Clear understanding of networking technologies including CDNs, Routers, Load Balancers, Firewalls, WAF and DNS. Experience with Git. Knowledge of security best practices, implementation and monitoring. Excellent communication skills, able to effectively convey technical concepts to non-technical people. Strong work ethic, able to work independently or as part of a team. 
ScrapedJobID662:
Embedded Systems Operating Systems Networks Enterprise Virtualization Cloud Applications Development Cybersecurity Advanced Math incl. Statistics Programming Data Science Mobile Applications Software Quality & Testing IT Service Management Computer Hardware (Desktop, server, etc.) Database Admin & SQL Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Ensure student awareness of course objectives, instructional approach, and evaluation systems Carry out regularly scheduled instruction according to the format prescribed for the course, including online, classroom, and computer-assisted lab lessons Evaluate student progress/achievement, assuming responsibility for the overall assessment of the students’ work within the assigned course, and maintain records as required Support students in the use of eConestoga, the learning management system (D2L), as well as maintain course materials within this system Create and maintain a positive learning environment that supports the diversity of students’ cultures, educational backgrounds, and learning styles Collaborate and build relations with other program faculty Successful completion of a Diploma or Degree in a related field Minimum of five years of related industry experience Previous adult or post-secondary level technical teaching experience is an asset Knowledge of and experience with computer systems (e.g., Microsoft Office Suite) and educational technologies (e.g., D2L) is preferred Demonstrated exceptional presentation, communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively as part of an academic team Ability to relate to learners and providing a positive learning environment to students working at different skill levels including international students and students requiring accommodation Strong commitment to academic excellence, student success, and ability to support Conestoga’s continuous quality improvement initiatives Strong relationships with industry contacts and network connections are considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID663:
Implements a 1-3 year IT services tactical plan in line with the strategic vision and consistent with the needs of the business and the various campuses; Manages the IT service offering and more specifically ensures the management of incidents, requests, accesses, and problems; Implements ITSM best practices and ensures their application by all team members; Maintains a technology watch on software, equipment and technologies related to pedagogy for teachers and students; Contributes, with his team, to the company's Cybersecurity program by piloting various projects and measures; Ensures constant and clear communication with all users on incidents, projects and other topics as well as through regular publications to stimulate optimal use of technologies; Uses industry key performance indicators to continuously assess the value and performance of services delivered by the team; Uses quality, cost and user satisfaction metrics to deliver the agreed upon level of service; Ensures the security, accessibility and availability of the systems and technologies under his/her control.; Ensures the proper functioning of systems and technologies in the different countries, makes the necessary adjustments according to the rules of best practices; Improves the department's processes and work methods; Liaise with technology suppliers to support strategic management of IT procurement of user tools (software, licenses and equipment); Provides a management and leadership role focused on communication, innovation and commitment within his/her team and service unit; Contributes to the evaluation and integration process of acquired companies as part of the company's strategic and growth plan; Controls the budgets and timelines of the IT services team deliverables. Implementation of a 7x24 / follow-the-sun IT service desk for all employees and adapted to online teaching on Microsoft Teams; Deployment of standard processes and procedures; Develops an Active Directory based access management project; Act as a leader and promoter of the Document Management project on SharePoint and establish its parameters and management rules; Delivery of Dashboards and Service Level Agreements (SLA); Manage the demand and capacity of the teams under his leadership. University degree equivalent to Quebec / BAC + 5 Minimum 8 years in an IT management position - or equivalent Knowledge and experience in implementing ITSM best practices with ITIL v3 French and English (bilingual) Spanish (asset) Understanding and experience in implementing the ITIL v3 management framework Experience in managing external vendors and business agreements Demonstrated ability to solve complex and diverse problems Demonstrated ability to define and deploy a technology strategy Customer focused and open to change and new technologies Ability to collaborate with local and remote teams with structure and rigor Ability to maintain good interpersonal relations and work as a team Leadership, ability to bring people together to achieve their goals Availability to travel internationally approximately 25% of the time. Main work location: Montreal, Canada Travel (post-Covid19 and according to Public Health rules and recommendations: On average 1 week per quarter, In Canada and internationally Valid passport required Job type :  Full time 
ScrapedJobID664:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID665:
Reviews of ILS components in support of the MWAV program. Preparing ILS sections of proposal. Preparing estimates (labour/non labour). Preparing ILS schedule. Planning and managing ILS activities. Performing Reliability/Availability analyses. Performing Trending Analysis in regard to system failures. Performing Failure mode, effects, and critical analysis. Performing Reliability Centered Maintenance Analysis and preparing reports. Performing Maintainability Analyses. Performing Spares Analysis and preparation of provisioning documents. Performing Obsolescence Analysis and updating Obsolescence Plan. Perform special research or technical studies critical to maintenance and logistic support functions. Familiar with Weibull Analysis. Familiar with Level of Repair Analysis. Familiar with Life Cycle Cost Analysis. Familiar with Logistics Support Analysis Requirements (MIL-STD-1388-2B, GEIA-STD-0007). Familiar with Warehousing and Supply Chain optimization techniques. Education Required: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Technology, Certified Engineering Technologist or equivalent experience. 2-5 years of experience related to modeling for reliability analysis, logistic support analysis and spares modeling. Must be eligible to meet requirements for Canadian government security clearances. Experience in a marine, naval or shipbuilding environment. Knowledge of marine vessel systems (electrical and/or mechanical). Knowledge of the maintenance procedures associated with the electrical and/or mechanical systems. Advanced user of Microsoft Office tools including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and MS Project. Excellent survey and documentation skills. Experience with DRMIS and cataloguing requests in regard to Canadian Forces Supply System is an asset. Experience with S1000D and/or Mil-Spec specifications is an asset. Opportunity to work on various projects of various sizes. Competitive salary. Motivational financial package & flexible benefits. Defined contribution pension plan in which SNC-Lavalin contributes. Work equipment provided according to the season (boot, bib, helmet, gloves, etc.). Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP). Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Learning and Development programs, training, career opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID666:
Please note that this position is based in Rivière-du-Loup (Québec, Canada), therefore the job posting is written in French. Participer à la révision d’un programme de formation en cybersécurité Développer des initiatives organisationnelles Évaluer les menaces informatiques Réaliser des audits Déterminer les indicateurs de performance Améliorer les systèmes de sécurité informatique de Premier Tech Offrir un soutien technique en dehors des heures de travail régulières – sur appel Expérience en cybersécurité Connaissance des concepts et des meilleures pratiques en matière de cybersécurité Maîtrise d’outils de cybersécurité – SIEM, EDR, etc. Connaissance des principaux cadres et normes de cybersécurité – NIST, ISO2700x, PCI DSS, OWASP, etc. Esprit d’équipe Autonomie Habiletés communicationnelles en anglais et en français – tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit Le Campus Premier Tech à Rivière-du-Loup, notre Siège mondial où travaillent 1 400 équipiers. Le mode de vie des équipiers ressemble à celui des chefs de file de la Silicon Valley : petits cafés, boutique Premier Tech, conciergerie d’entreprise, salles de formation, architecture favorisant l’innovation et les liens entre les équipiers, cours de yoga et bien plus! 
ScrapedJobID667:
Microsoft Office 2007 to 2013 Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, XP and Vista Windows Server 2003 and 2008 and 2012 Remote Desktop support Advanced printer/peripheral device troubleshooting Remote support for handheld smartphones and tablets Sees actions partly in terms of longer term goals Understands the corporate climate & culture Strong knowledge of the business Mentors Support Analysts Seeks coaching from experts Attends advanced training sessions and is certified on multiple domains of expertise Demonstrates all core skills, and good interpersonal skills for the role  * Good working and background knowledge of area of practice Use and combine knowledge of the discipline and the market to formulate the right approach Fit for purpose, though may lack refinement Microsoft Office 2007 to 2013 Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, XP and Vista Windows Server 2003 and 2008 and 2012 Remote Desktop support Advanced printer /peripheral device troubleshooting Remote support for handheld smartphones and tablets Collaborative attitude, willingness to work with team members Constantly learns from both success and failure Good organizational and problem-solving abilities that enable you to manage through creative abrasion Good verbal and written communication; able to effectively articulate technical vision, possibilities, andoutcomes Proactively identifies opportunities for improvement in processes and workflows Monitors areas of persistent difficulty and creates materials to efficiently deal with them Customer obsessed Decision Authorities: Able to achieve most tasks using own judgement Can lead smaller groups where required Good analytical skills, copes with complex situations through deliberate analysis and planning Responsible for seamless functioning of technology and applications for the benefit of internal and external users Provides great customer service experience to assist with troubleshooting hardware, software and peripheral issues Resolves technical issues and record transactions via ticketing system  * Develops and maintains checklists for common technical issues Performs user administration duties Provides frontline support for hardware, software and peripherals and resolving service tickets in a timely manner, escalates complex issues to software and platform technical analysts where appropriate Platform: Focuses on supporting platform to enable software development Infrastructure: Focuses on supporting infrastructure to support platform Software: Focuses on supporting software to enable application development Maintains and updates documentation to support application support  * Manages application enhancements Troubleshoots non-standard issues Advises on licensing, upgrades and security issues Has positive impact to specific organizational entities & has some understanding of the nature of the impact Usually a top contributor to teams success Provides great customer service experience to assist with troubleshooting hardware, software and peripheral issues Resolves technical issues and record transactions via ticketing system Develops and maintain checklists for common technical issues Performs user administration duties Collaborates with other members of the support team to escalate and resolve technical issues Platform Support Analyst: Focuses on supporting platform to enable software development Infrastructure Support Analyst: Focuses on supporting infrastructure to support platform Software Support Analyst: Focuses on supporting software to enable application development Key Shared Accountabilities: Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID668:
Coordination of resources and stakeholders Managing timelines and milestones Documenting outcomes Monitoring, summarizing and communicating the progress of activities to the appropriate leadership team members Ensuring that all activities within their responsible area are supported by the NSHA IM/IT business plan, established policies/procedures, and in line with service level agreements between NSHA, IWK, Nova Scotia Digital Services and the NS Department of Health Functioning in a senior subject matter expert role within the team Undergraduate degree is required (consideration may be given to those with equivalent education, training and work experience) Master's degree is an asset (particularly in health administration, leadership, or business administration) Minimum of five (5) to seven (7) years' leadership experience with IM/IT services, programs and applications is required Experience as a Security Analyst, Risk Analyst or Enterprise Architecture - Security Architect preferred Certified Health Executive (CHE) and/or Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS) designation is considered an asset Certification in the following considered an asset: IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Project Management Professional (PMP) and/or organizational change management certification is considered an asset Experience supporting business application systems (e.g. SAP, scheduling, time, workforce management systems) and related services in a complex health care organizational environment is considered an asset Ability to influence and collaborate with diverse stakeholders High level of accuracy and attention to detail Ability to execute through effective delegation, motivation and oversight Experience in data analytics Ability to develop and establish financial policies and procedures Excellent verbal, written communication and influencing skills Competencies in other languages an asset, French preferred 
ScrapedJobID669:
Strong customer service skills Hands-on experience with Microsoft 365 (Exchange Online, Teams, OneDrive, SharePoint) Experience with VMware and Hyper-V Experience with cloud backup Comfortable working with various firewalls and managed switches (i.e. you've created a port forwarding rule before and tagged a VLAN) Hands-on experience with Azure required; preference given to those experienced with managing Azure stack technologies (AADS/AutoPilot/InTune) Some SQL Server experienced required (i.e. you can write some basic queries and know your way around an install and log management) PowerShell experience required (i.e. you're comfortable modifying scripts and have written a few yourself to do some sysadmin tasks) Familiar with the MSP industry (i.e. you've worked with small businesses who don't have their own IT departments) All candidates must have a valid driver's license and own a vehicle. All candidates must be able to safely lift and carry items weighing 50lbs or more. Ethernet Cabling Experience with Professional Services Automation (PSA, ticket system) and Remote Monitoring and Management (RMM) software Experience with NIST Cybersecurity Framework or CIS 20 Controls (IT security governance) Providing tech support to our varied client base Installing and managing applications Patch management Monitoring backups Expanding our remote monitoring and automation through Powershell Security hardening Server builds (VMware and Hyper-V) 365/Azure AD integrations/migrations Updating documentation Comprehensive Benefits Package Contributions towards Certifications/Training Bonus pay Dental care Life insurance Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift On call London, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) IT support: 3 years (required) Drivers License (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID670:
You have 5+ years of experience supporting the IT needs of an enterprise Strong background in Exchange/ Office 365 and Azure Active Directory Proficiency in one or more high-level scripting languages (PowerShell, Python, Bash) Advanced understanding of DNS, DHCP, SSH, HTTP, TCP/IP and other common network protocols Experience designing and implementing new network solutions and/or improving the efficiency of current networks Strong knowledge of LAN/WAN configurations to include exposure to Aruba, Cisco and Ubiquiti routers & switches, Sophos Internet firewalls, and wireless technology and how they tie to production environments for service delivery Experience working in mission-critical, operations support environment amongst geographically dispersed teams Willingness to learn and apply new technologies and adapt to a changing environment Strong attention to detail and ability to follow processes and procedures accurately Ability to troubleshoot technical issues and recommend solutions Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills Good customer interaction skills including listening, writing, and speaking. Ability to confer technical concepts to a non-technical audience Strong team player with ability to brainstorm solutions in a group setting Experience with common configuration management solutions Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Experience driving large, cross-organization initiatives Ability to mentor others to grow their skills Exceptional base salary plus bonus structure Comprehensive benefits which include, medical, dental, vision, 401K and more Unlimited paid vacation, sick leave, plus paid holidays. Growth opportunities, advance your career rapidly, we offer leadership development training and promote from within. Ongoing coaching and career development including individual and group coaching sessions. Fast paced, high performance environment. 
ScrapedJobID671:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Manage the full lifecycle of Penetration Testing engagements across application and infrastructure assets Effectively manage multiple engagements in parallel with strong stakeholder management Capture risks and issues in reporting systems Review and verification of remediated findings Generation of metrics, reporting and documentation Other security-related projects may be assigned based on candidate skills Bachelor’s degree in any Technology, Business or Computer Science disciplines Minimum 7 years demonstrated work experience in technology or cyber project management. Good understanding of application security and broader cyber security issues. Excellent stakeholder management with ability to work across teams and levels. Exceptional written communication and presentation skills are required to communicate issues to stakeholders. Strong commitment to high quality results, capable of managing multiple activities to published deadlines. Detail oriented, organized and methodical. Proficient in Microsoft Office. Industry recognised project management certification, e.g. PRINCE2, PMP Industry recognised cyber security certifications, e.g. SANS, ISC2, ISACA Previous security testing or vulnerability management experience Previous Financial Services experience Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID672:
Design and implement testing plans for features. Identify quality control procedures and scenarios for Managed Awareness. Process product and feature reviews and inform the R&D team of defects and errors. Communicate quantitative and qualitative findings from test results to the R&D team. Monitor efforts to resolve product issues and track progress. Ensure that the final product or feature satisfies the product requirements and meets end-user expectations. Spot areas for improvement to enhance the product's efficiency. Research the current market for similar features and products and compare results. Analyze bugs and errors found during tests. Document results of tests for R&D team. Maintain updated knowledge of industry trends and advancements. Bachelor's degree, or combination of education and relevant experience Extensive experience in quality control and testing. High proficiency in computer technology In-depth understanding of Java, Python, SQL, C++, and XML Strong knowledge of Linux and Microsoft Windows Keen attention to detail Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Creative and innovative thinker Diligent and meticulous Experience developing processes and managing projects in a technology-based service organization Aptitude for technology knowledge; previous experience with project management tools. Some travel may be required up to 25%. Passport is required. Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN's Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information. Background checks are required for this position Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID673:
Tu as envie de participer à la surveillance des infrastructures, des systèmes et des applications informatiques dans une entreprise œuvrant dans un domaine hautement technologique? Tu veux mettre à profit tes connaissances et tes expériences dans le domaine IT avec le cloud et les systèmes Windows avec VMWare ? Tu souhaites participer à la prise en charge des services informatiques dans tous les bureaux d’affaires d’Eddyfi NDT à travers le monde et mettre en place, maintenir et assurer l’évolution des services de sécurité ? Surveiller, détecter, enquêter, analyser et répondre aux événements de sécurité dans l'entreprise; Concevoir diverses stratégies et systèmes de défense contre les intrus; Développer de nouvelles assises de protection et mettre à jour les systèmes de sécurité; Maintenir les opérations quotidiennes et les structures de données en supervisant les performances opérationnelles; Gestion des pares-feux et de tous les systèmes de sécurité. Définir, documenter et diffuser les politiques de sécurité; Chasser et détecter des menaces afin de les contrôler; Assister/procéder aux tests de pénétration, aux analyses de vulnérabilité et effectuer des recherches et analyses spécifiques; Effectuer des campagnes de sensibilisation aux utilisateurs et établir des stratégies de contrôle d’accès; Être disponible les jours fériés et les fins de semaines occasionnellement pour assurer une couverture en situation d’urgence. Tu as un diplôme ou une certification en cybersécurité ou autres disciplines pertinentes, ou combinaison de formations et d’expériences pertinentes ; Tu détiens une grande connaissance des pratiques de sécurité de l'industrie et en analyse du comportement des utilisateurs; Tu possèdes de l’expérience dans la définition et l’application de politiques de sécurité informatique. Tu as d’excellentes habiletés dans l'implantation, l'administration et le dépannage d'outils de sécurité tels que les contrôleurs d'accès et les pares-feux; Tu possèdes de bonnes capacités dans la conception, l'architecture et l’implantation de réseaux, VMS, bases de données, sécurité et Cloud; Tu as des connaissances de Microsoft 365 et des technologies connexes; Tu as des connaissances d'une ou de plusieurs technologies de script comme PowerShell; Tu détiens de l’expérience dans l’administration, le support des infrastructures et des installations sur les différents sites (équipement, matériel, alimentation, environnement); Tu es orienté vers le travail d’équipe et la collaboration; Tu es reconnu pour ton excellent sens de l’organisation, ta rigueur, ta capacité à gérer les priorités et travailler sous pression; Tu détiens une aisance à communiquer avec les autres et tu maîtrises assez bien la langue anglaise tant à l'oral et qu’à l'écrit; Des horaires de travail flexibles; Télétravail disponible; Des nouveaux espaces de travail dans un environnement de travail illuminé et moderne; Trois semaines de vacances minimums dès l’embauche; Cinq congés payés (en plus des fériés) lors de la fermeture des bureaux pour le temps des Fêtes; Cinq congés mobiles par année; Des assurances collectives et un programme de REER compétitif; Un gym sur place avec des « trainings » trippants, du yoga ou de la danse sur l’heure du midi; Service de traiteur à prix abordables avec contribution de l’employeur; Remboursement des cotisations à un ordre professionnel; Stationnement et bornes électriques; Café gratuit; Activités divertissantes organisées régulièrement par le Club Social. 
ScrapedJobID674:
Security Practice / Client Leadership:
Lead EPAM Security Consulting function in USA or USA regions
Build and deploy team of senior customer facing, Security Strategy and Transformation consultants, engaging C-Suite customers to expand EPAM Security business and promote EPAM Security brand in the region
Consult C-Suite stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship
Drive Security Consulting growth, go-to-market strategy and service offerings in USA
Be public face of EPAM Security Consulting in the region. Including thought leadership, participation in relevant industry bodies and industry events
Serve as an expert consultant leading Security programs and producing relevant deliverables
Stay abreast of current and emerging trends, unique opportunities and challenges of the space/markets and geographies in which the clients operate, and how it affects clients’ business and initiatives
Consult VP and C-level stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship
Lead and challenge team members and customers to create great strategies and solutions
Map customer vision & requirements to specific security products and security solutions
Act as a change agent and work to remove business, technical and political roadblocks
Mentor and coach clients and team members to enhance their ability to deliver on the agreed Security strategy
Ensure the strategy is actionable and well documented for a clean handover to implementation
Align with EPAM Account Managers and Senior Leadership to co-develop / support account plans and strategies for delivery, growth, and client satisfaction
Understand the intersection between technology, customers, and business Lead EPAM Security Consulting function in USA or USA regions Build and deploy team of senior customer facing, Security Strategy and Transformation consultants, engaging C-Suite customers to expand EPAM Security business and promote EPAM Security brand in the region Consult C-Suite stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship Drive Security Consulting growth, go-to-market strategy and service offerings in USA Be public face of EPAM Security Consulting in the region. Including thought leadership, participation in relevant industry bodies and industry events Serve as an expert consultant leading Security programs and producing relevant deliverables Stay abreast of current and emerging trends, unique opportunities and challenges of the space/markets and geographies in which the clients operate, and how it affects clients’ business and initiatives Consult VP and C-level stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship Lead and challenge team members and customers to create great strategies and solutions Map customer vision & requirements to specific security products and security solutions Act as a change agent and work to remove business, technical and political roadblocks Mentor and coach clients and team members to enhance their ability to deliver on the agreed Security strategy Ensure the strategy is actionable and well documented for a clean handover to implementation Align with EPAM Account Managers and Senior Leadership to co-develop / support account plans and strategies for delivery, growth, and client satisfaction Understand the intersection between technology, customers, and business Security Solution Delivery:
Define or drive maturity of Information Security Management Systems and Security Roadmaps for large enterprises
Scope and price engagements, establishing optimal operating models and project team organization, and leading the transition from the sales process to the delivery phase
Define Security Programs for overall Information Security Systems and following domains
Cloud Security, Application Security, Identity & Access Management (and related), Threat & Vulnerability Management, MDM/MAM, Data protection, Security Operations Center, Security Testing, Etc
You will conduct Security assessments for enterprises, for cloud/hybrid workloads
You will orchestrate discovery process together with Security Architects
Lead practice development, creating and orchestrating transformation and product solutions, teams, strategic roadmaps, and continuous improvement/optimization programs Define or drive maturity of Information Security Management Systems and Security Roadmaps for large enterprises Scope and price engagements, establishing optimal operating models and project team organization, and leading the transition from the sales process to the delivery phase Define Security Programs for overall Information Security Systems and following domains Cloud Security, Application Security, Identity & Access Management (and related), Threat & Vulnerability Management, MDM/MAM, Data protection, Security Operations Center, Security Testing, Etc You will conduct Security assessments for enterprises, for cloud/hybrid workloads You will orchestrate discovery process together with Security Architects Lead practice development, creating and orchestrating transformation and product solutions, teams, strategic roadmaps, and continuous improvement/optimization programs Relationship Management:
Establish and cultivate strong relationships with clients at senior levels as well as external and internal partners to maximize growth within an account/client portfolio
Develop effective relationships with key internal executives, BU heads, Account Managers, Solution SME’s, Sales and Delivery Leaders Establish and cultivate strong relationships with clients at senior levels as well as external and internal partners to maximize growth within an account/client portfolio Develop effective relationships with key internal executives, BU heads, Account Managers, Solution SME’s, Sales and Delivery Leaders Drive Growth:
Own PnL of Security Consultancy in USA, ensure productive deployment of consulting team
Drive Security revenue within the client / account portfolio by identifying opportunities and influence / sell-in EPAM services
Work with Sales and Account Management team proactively to develop Security Practice aligned account development plans
Align with EPAM BU’s goals and objectives, support company financial goals by achieving Security revenue targets
Support sales / pre-sales activities by assessing Security opportunities, responding to RFP’s, creating proposals and presentations, establishing relationships with clients and prospective clients, and helping to close / sign new deals
Feed the beast – leverage consulting initiatives and projects to develop significant pipeline of software development and IT services business for AWS, Azure and GCP practices Own PnL of Security Consultancy in USA, ensure productive deployment of consulting team Drive Security revenue within the client / account portfolio by identifying opportunities and influence / sell-in EPAM services Work with Sales and Account Management team proactively to develop Security Practice aligned account development plans Align with EPAM BU’s goals and objectives, support company financial goals by achieving Security revenue targets Support sales / pre-sales activities by assessing Security opportunities, responding to RFP’s, creating proposals and presentations, establishing relationships with clients and prospective clients, and helping to close / sign new deals Feed the beast – leverage consulting initiatives and projects to develop significant pipeline of software development and IT services business for AWS, Azure and GCP practices Your performance scorecard will include:
Impact on Client Value and Business Growth – achieve target revenue goals
Impact on Operating the Business – achieve target billable utilization and account margin
Impact on Our People and Team(s) - contribute to EPAM and Data Practice people initiatives Impact on Client Value and Business Growth – achieve target revenue goals Impact on Operating the Business – achieve target billable utilization and account margin Impact on Our People and Team(s) - contribute to EPAM and Data Practice people initiatives More than 8-10 years of demonstrated success in developing and growing client relationships and leading teams delivering security solutions Has extensive abilities for dealing with security programs and transformation in multi-cloud systems, hybrid infrastructures, containers, microservices, modern stacks Good understanding of industry standards (NIST SP 800-53/ISO 27001/PCI DSS; HIPAA, HITRUST, GDPR, etc.) from compliance and technical perspective Experience successfully implementing any Information Security systems and Enterprise Security programs in some of the following domains: Cloud security, Application Security, Identity & Access Management (and related), Threat & Vulnerability Management, MDM/MAM, Data protection, Security Operations Center, Security Testing Experience successfully delivering security service-oriented projects Experience with security assessments Desire to learn & expand your comfort zone whenever a new technological trend in Securty space arises Strong problem solver and creative thinker with gravitas Ability to operate at the strategic level, yet being close enough to the details to add value to clients and be a real support to your team Ability to manage an all-star team of senior consultants, balancing operational independence with the need to align to EPAM corporate Security Practice strategy and support company goals Exceptional leadership/management skills and superb oral and written communication, with seasoned presentation skills Strong interpersonal and communication skills Track record of leading teams Proven ability to manage client engagements under high stress to successful completion Sound business acumen; strategic skills; common sense Effectively manages up and down Strong negotiation skills Bachelors degree or higher Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts 
ScrapedJobID675:
Executing test cases, reporting the status, and logging defects. Writing Functional, Integration, Performance and User Acceptance test cases. Researching across multiple systems and assisting in updating defect management with requirement basis of defects. Running and/or participating in defect triage and business triage meetings. Building test estimations and identifying similar or related defects based on optimal test execution velocity. Supporting the QA team in understanding test cases, defects, and requirement needs for testing and escalating issues. Intermediate to senior level QA testing experience. Experience in multiple test management and defect tracking tools such as HP Quality Center, CA Rally, JIRA, Perforce Helix, etc. Experience in test case writing, functional analysis and traceability. Demonstrated experience writing and working with Business, Functional, Non-Functional, and performance requirements. Strong attention to detail and ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously. Designations such as CTE, ISTQB an asset. General Business Analysis skills and experience. 
ScrapedJobID676:
Manage full adversary simulation engagements from conception to report delivery. Communicate effectively with team members and clients during the engagement. Keeping current with the latest offensive security techniques. Perform adversary simulation of real-world adversary Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs) by leveraging frameworks such as MITRE ATT&CK™ and other sources of information. Develop payloads, scripts and tools that weaponize new concepts for exploitation, evasion, and lateral movement. Engage in an active evasion of defenders to avoid detection and progress engagements. Coordinate with other Red Team operators to achieve the specified goals. Deliver reporting and debriefs to defenders in manner that improves detection and response capabilities. Perform/present technical security research. English fluent (verbal and written) Must be a Canadian Citizen or Canadian Permanent Resident Ability to develop/modify exploits and payloads to avoid defensive countermeasures. Red teaming experience in a dedicated red team role. System administration, network administration, or programming experience. Understanding of real-world adversary operations methodologies, tactics, techniques, and procedures. In particular, the ability to apply frameworks (eg. MITRE ATT&CK™) in client engagements. Demonstrated history of published exploitation research. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Good interpersonal, organizational, communications, and time management skills. Experience coordinating security testing projects with multiple consultants. History of presenting at security conferences. Track record in vulnerability research and CVE assignments. Knowledge of Windows APIs. Knowledge of EDR detection capabilities such as Carbon Black/Crowdstrike, etc. and associated evasion techniques for behavioral based alerting. Demonstrated exploit, payload, or attack framework development experience. Expert level skills in one of the following: Active Directory, Software Development, or Cloud Infrastructure. Relevant certifications from organizations like Offensive Security (OSCP/OSCE), SANS (GPEN, GXPN, GWAPT), or CREST CSAT/CSAM or demonstrable equivalent skills. Prior security consulting experience. 
ScrapedJobID677:
Define and monitor the telemetry necessary for security monitoring and threat detection in a multi-cloud environment Leverage security tools within the cloud for security event monitoring and alerting to analyze the root cause of security violations or breaches Create automated security alerts based on threat models, detection use cases, and by identifying actionable indicators of compromise (IoC) through log analysis to properly contain and eradicate malicious activity Act as a first-responder for security-related incidents and address any escalation from Support with established service levels Investigate intrusion attempts and indicators of compromise (IoC) Improve the security Incident Response (IR) practice, including but not limited to IR plans, IR playbooks, and IR related processes and procedures while working to automate this practice in cloud environments where feasible Maintain an understanding of the latest cybersecurity threats and implement best practices for protection Build effective partnerships with the Engineering, IT, Support, Compliance, and Legal teams while supporting and contributing to internal security policies and processes to ensure company and employee data are secure. Have 2+ years experience as a SecOps or SOC Analyst implementing security monitoring, logging, and alerting Have 3+ years experience securing cloud infrastructure in AWS and/or GCP Possess strong knowledge of MITRE ATT&CK framework, automatic incident response in cloud environments, threat modelling, and risk assessment techniques Demonstrate a working knowledge of containerized environments such as Docker or Kubernetes Have experience with EDR technologies and monitoring critical production environments that have hundreds of servers Successfully ran and automated vulnerability scanning systems such as Qualys, Tenable (Nessus), Rapid7 (Nexpose), scripting and APIs in a previous role Are eager to learn and grow—you've likely had some post-secondary education or have equivalent professional experience in a similar role, and you continue to seek opportunities to level up your skills Have security-related certifications such as AWS Certified Security - Specialty, GIAC, GDAT, GCIA, GCIH, GMON, CISSP, Certified SOC Analyst, CCSP Possess experience with IAM, VPC, Route 53, ELB, EC2, Lambda, RDS, Redshift, Elasticache, S3, Cloudtrail, GuardDuty Are experienced with devops automation tools, such as Terraform, Ansible, Lambda Have experience supporting compliance efforts Come with a strong background in Information Technology (IT) Have previous experience working with SaaS platforms Are familiar and comfortable working with Atlassian products (JIRA, Confluence) Have the ability to work remotely and manage your own time in a distributed team Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID678:
Be the subject matter expert and central point of contact for cybersecurity for OT assets. Enhance the governance model for applying cybersecurity practices for OT assets. Develop and implement controls, standards, processes, procedures and systems for managing cybersecurity risks with OT software, hardware, and equipment from requisition through retirement. Help establish and maintain an inventory of OT assets throughout the organization. Develop vendor management practices for OT in alignment with current practices used in IT. Assist with interactions with Husky customers in relation to security of Husky products and provide input into the product development cycle. Assist with any daily operational activities related to OT assets, as needed. Communicate and collaborate with other IT staff to proactively solve problems too complex for one person. 3-5 years’ experience in information security field. An undergraduate degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or equivalent work experience. Strong understanding of security principles and technologies in networking, architecture, risk management, and product development as they apply to Operational Technology. Familiarity with global industry cybersecurity best practices, frameworks, and standards. Strategic thinking - an understanding of strategic business objectives and the ability to develop a strategy to drive results toward those objectives. Strong communication and facilitation skills that include interactions with internal and external stakeholders, meeting organization and preparation, clear presentation of ideas, ability to moderate discussions, and drive consensus on direction. Team player, in a fast-paced environment; comfortable interfacing with cross-functional global groups with minimal supervision. Strong analytical, data processing and problem-solving skills. Ability to read and interpret vendor contract agreements. Policy, process, and procedure development and implementation. Fluent in English, additional language skills considered an asset Information security certifications considered an asset. Experience in a manufacturing environment considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID679:
Own and manage the Security Operations program at Treasure Data Assist in measuring the success of the Security Operations program Manage vendor relationships with SIEM and SOC tools Triage alerts generated by various security tools Assist end users in identifying email phishing attempts Collaborate with IT Operations team on process improvement opportunities Work closely with end-users and management on security practices Develop runbooks for IR scenarios and documenting operational best practices Ensure compliance with policies and procedures Maintain up to date knowledge of changes in the industry as it relates to security Other security-related projects that may be assigned according to skills Bachelor’s Degree, ideally in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or Information Systems Management or equivalent work experience in the field of Cybersecurity highly preferred. Possess current security certifications (e.g., CCNA Security, CySA+, CEH) or be willing to obtain within 1 year of assignment. 3-5 years of relevant work experience in a network engineering/systems engineering/cybersecurity role. Experience with network or endpoint security tools Experience with Windows, MacOS, and Linux operating systems Familiarity with NIST or ISO frameworks Understanding and familiarity of OSI model Experience with high level programming languages (e.g., Java, C, C++, .NET (C#, VB)) Experience with web application development (e.g., Java, Ruby, Python) Knowledge of OWASP tools and methodologies Strong documentation and communications skills Familiarity with secure coding and SDLC processes a plus While at work, this position is primarily a sedentary job and requires that the associate can work in an environment where they will consistently be seated for the majority of the workday This role requires that one can sit and regularly type on a keyboard the majority of their workday This position requires the ability to observe a computer screen for long periods of time to observe their own and others’ work, as well as in-coming and out-going communications via the computer and/ or mobile devices. The role necessitates the ability to listen and speak clearly to customers and other associates This position may require the ability to work a varied schedule 
ScrapedJobID680:
Eligibility for benefits is dependent on the terms of employment Setting up process/policies/controls/standards to meet security framework and compliances Understanding complex technical and architectural issues from the security perspective Performing security reviews and provide insights throughout all phases of software development Reviewing application security and approve application integrations/feature rollouts/updates Leading all internal and external stakeholder management around Application Security Integrating business scenario use-cases in the application security framework Managing secure code review with stakeholders (DAST & SAST) Conducting application vulnerability assessments for web, mobile, webservices and cloud applications Performing or overseeing manual/automated application Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing, and subsequently managing technical documentation including VAPT/Application Security tracking and reporting Reviewing the configurations to Web Application Firewalls (WAF) Work closely with the application development delivery teams to integrate security controls within the development pipeline ensuring an efficient development process with early security control gates. Working with IT groups to define, develop, socialize, and execute long-term application security roadmap, including Threat model web applications and work with development team throughout the agile SDLC Assisting in the evaluation, selection, onboarding, and management of AppSec vendors and consultants 5-7+ years of experience in web and mobile application security with Secure Software Development Life Cycle (SSDLC) required Strong understanding of application design and architecture Proficient in manual and automated penetration testing methods/tools Experience with products dealing with application vulnerability management services which include Burp suite, Fortify and Opensource tools Experience with products dealing with penetration testing services which include Backtrack Kali, Metasploit Framework Knowledge in the programming languages (C#, JavaScript, etc.) Knowledge of cloud-based platform like Azure Understanding of database technologies in security domain Experience using WAF technologies is highly desirable Strong knowledge of security frameworks OWASP-TOP 10, SANs-TOP 25, CWE etc. Strong work ethic with the ability to effectively multitask in a fast-paced environment Participation in Bug Bounties & Capture the Flag (CTF) would be beneficial Excellent verbal communication Outstanding written skills for preparing reports and briefings Excellent Analytical Reasoning Problem-solving approach Post-secondary education, University Education and Technical Certifications required Certifications and Skills: Preference will be given to candidates to have: Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), OR Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) Good to have Microsoft Certified Professional Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Bright open concept office environment Large kitchens with a coffee and latte maker to enjoy at no cost Supportive teamwork focused environment Collaborative entrepreneurial spirit Opportunities to give back to the communities and work through events focused on a variety of charities Ongoing social events throughout the year Extensive training programs to set our employees up for success 
ScrapedJobID681:
Diverse and inspiring colleagues and approachable leaders Stimulating work in a fast-paced, intellectually challenging environment Accelerated exposure and responsibility Global career development opportunities Being motivated every day by CPP Investments’ important social purpose and unshakable principles A deeply rooted culture of Integrity, Partnership and High Performance Serving as the operational lead for CPP Investments’ Enterprise Security Information & Event Management (SIEM) platform and Threat Intelligence Program Establishing operational policies and processes to support CPP Investments’ SOC and incident response capabilities Performing security event detection, incident triage, handling, and hunting activities by leveraging our detection and response platforms Developing and implementing SIEM use cases Escalates cyber security events according to playbook and standard operating procedures (SOPs) Developing remediation and compliance plans in response to internal or external audits Measuring SOC performance metrics and communicating the value of security operations to other IT teams and business units Managing relationships with third party service providers and IT vendors Coaching and providing guidance to more junior team members 8+ years of information security and risk experience Proven ability to effectively partner with stakeholders including IT, legal, compliance and business units Subject matter expertise in security operations combined with the ability to lead the global SOC function Strong technical capabilities in the areas of firewalls, anti-virus, content filtering, SIEM, threat intelligence, security orchestration and automation, cloud security Possess one or more of the following certifications - CISSP / CISM / OSCP Ability to meet tight deadlines, work well under pressure and mentor staff 
ScrapedJobID682:
Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Repetitive tasks Manual dexterity Sitting Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Servers File management software Presentation software Communication software SQL MS Office Cloud Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID683:
Bachelor degree. At least 5 years experience 
ScrapedJobID684:
Lead team responsible for advancing Data Protection, through data discovery/scanning, test data management, in line protection; identifying gaps and opportunities, reporting progress Ownership of the Data Security controls (Encryption, Tokenization, etc.) Advocate and advance Data Security and act as IT SME, for Data Protection, providing guidance for IT teams Track and report on various data security objectives within IT; prepare monthly progress reports to IT leadership Generate or update existing Business documentation Embrace adhoc requests, such as investigative and gap analysis, supporting IT Data Security programs & initiatives Minimum of 5 years in an IT, Information Security or Network Architecture or Delivery role Strong knowledge of Data Encryption theory and practical experience Database administration with a focus on encryption Excellent analytical skills, able to manage multiple requirements under strict timelines, work well in a demanding dynamic environment Program Management experience Excellent verbal and written skills Critical thinker with the ability to identify potential areas of opportunities and be able to accurately identify and document issues Excellent communication, presentation and relationship skills, especially the ability to partner and build consensus among various teams High degree of initiative, dependability and ability to work with a diverse workforce Ability to work independently with limited supervision Post-Secondary education in Information Technology-related field, or equivalent work experience. Professional security management certification, such as a Certified Information Security Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or other similar credentials CIPP (Certified Information Privacy Professional) Experience with Software Development Lifecycle, including Agile processes and Secrets management 
ScrapedJobID685:
Conduct business and technical studies. Communicate with clients to identify current inefficiencies, predict potential software security risks to attain their current and future business needs. Analyze and define clients’ requirements and problems by reviewing their current system capabilities, workflow, and system security. Research hardware, cloud computing, IoT, big data and information technologies to provide clients with advice on possible IT system solutions and improvements. Design, develop, integrate, test, and implement information systems business solutions. Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management, security, and service delivery. Collect all of the client’s needs, clarify and document them as well as to translate them into specific technical terms that will be further implemented by the development team. Confer with clients to identify and document requirements, assess physical and technical security risks to data, software, and hardware. Safeguard and protect the business and clients’ needs by regularly verifying functionality, accuracy, and completeness of the requirements. Develop policies, procedures, and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. At least 2 -3years experience in related fields. 
ScrapedJobID686:
Analyze, document and report on potential security incidents identified in customer environments Work with partners to maintain an understanding of security threats, vulnerabilities, and exploits that could impact systems, networks, and assets Act as a coordinator for security events that require urgent response, containment and remediation Provide analysis on various security enforcement technologies including, but not limited to SIEM, anti-virus, content filtering/reporting, malware prevention, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, web application firewalls, messaging security platforms, vulnerability scanners etc. Perform knowledge transfers, document and train clients regarding mitigation of identified threats Provide ongoing recommendations to other MSS peers and customers on tuning and best practices Actively research current threats and attack vectors being exploited in the wild Actively work with associate analysts and perform investigations on escalations Ability to discuss security posture with multiple clients and make recommendations to better their holistic security approach Act as lead during assigned shifts Maintain and develop SOP’s and KB’s Experience and Skills (General): Five or more years of full-time professional experience in the Information Security field Experience working in a Security Operations Center (SOC), Managed Security Service (MSS), or Managed Detection and Response Excellent time management, reporting, and communication skills Ability to generate comprehensive written reports and recommendations Write professional emails Coaching and training experience Ability to create, maintain and deliver trainings to the rest of the team Previous experience as a point of escalation in a technical environment Customer interactions and creation of executive presentations Understanding of contemporary security architectures/devices such as firewalls, routers, switches, load balancers, remote access technologies, anti-malware, SIEM, and AV Ability to work with stakeholders to better develop specific environments to report on critical security events Ability to troubleshoot technical problems and ask probing questions to find the root cause or a problem Experience and Skills (Technical) Queue management Data analysis using SIEM, Database tools such as Elastic, and Excel Experience troubleshooting security devices and SIEM Ability to create and maintain content within SIEM environments and make recommendations to clients to better their visibility IDS monitoring/analysis with tools such as Sourcefire and Snort Experience with SIEM platforms preferred (QRadar, LogRhythm, Exabeam, and Splunk) Elastic experience preferred Familiarity with web-based attacks and the OWASP Top 10 at a minimum Attack vectors and exploitation Mitigation Direct (E.g. SQL Injection) versus indirect (E.g. cross-site scripting) attacks Familiarity with SANS top 20 critical security controls Understand the foundations of enterprise Windows security including: Active Directory Windows security architecture and terminology Privilege escalation techniques Common mitigation controls and system hardening Anti-Virus (AV) and Host Based Intrusion Prevention (HIPS) Experience in monitoring at least one commercial AV solution such as (but not limited to) Carbon Black, CrowdStrike, Symantec, or Sophos Central Ability to identify common false positives and make suggestions on tuning Malware Understanding of root causes of malware and proactive mitigation Propagation of malware in enterprise environments Familiarity with web-based exploit kits and the methods employed by web based exploit kits Familiarity with concepts associated with Advanced Persistent Threats and “targeted malware” Experience with malware protection tools such as FireEye a plus. Understanding of malware mitigation controls in an enterprise environment. Network Based Attacks / System Based Attacks Denial of Service Attacks HTTP/HTTPS Based DoS Attacks Network Based DoS Attacks Brute force attacks Covert channels, egress, and data exfiltration techniques Familiarity with vulnerability scoring systems such as CVSS Basic understanding of vulnerability assessment tools such as vulnerability scanners and exploitation frameworks MUST HAVE: Eligibility to obtain security clearance Shift flexibility, including the ability to provide on call support when needed Demonstrated experience and success in a Managed Service client environment Valid driver’s license Ability to work greater than 40 hours per week as needed Ability to travel up to ten percent of the time Ability to act as a part-time on-call escalation point for security incidents High School Diploma or equivalent experience DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience working with Incident Ticketing Systems (i.e. ServiceNow, Remedy, RemedyForce, Heat, etc.). General security knowledge (GCIA, CISSP, CCSE, CISA, HBSS, NSA, CEH, Cisco Security, Security +, OSCP or other security certifications). CCNA, CCDA, CCSA, CCIE, CISSP, CEH, or MCSE. #LI-CP1 A company committed to championing Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion through Affinity groups including but not limited to, Women's Network, Optiv Pride, Black Employee Network, and Veterans Support Network. Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge Professional training resources, including tuition reimbursement Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projects Volunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities. The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable) 
ScrapedJobID687:
Participate in the design of various service components and implement on time with high quality Provide accurate and detailed estimates for the work assigned Participate in team code reviews and provide feedback Create and execute automated tests Interact and cooperate with other teams to achieve successful project completion Update design documentation, configuration or troubleshooting guides Investigate and resolve customers and production issues 4+ years’ experience in Software Development Strength in Enterprise Java development Familiarity with Java frameworks (Spring, Spring Boot) Experience with relational database (e.g. PostgreSQL) Skills in web services technologies (e.g. RESTful) Linux proficiency and experience dealing with distributed systems Exposure to Agile development practices such as Scrum and test driven development Cloud expertise e.g. AWS, elastic search, Kafka, authentication schemes Knowledge in Microsoft development including C#, .Net Experience with Git, Maven and Docker, CI/CD Understanding of Microservice architecture Working knowledge of non-relational database (e.g. Cassandra) Experience with virtual machine Skills in scripting languages (e.g. Python, bash, Typescript) 
ScrapedJobID688:
Ensure the operational implementation of new cybersecurity capabilities for data protection Identify the business and functional requirements of new cross-sector cybersecurity capabilities Work with the architect, product owner and security advisor to deliver the capabilities prioritized Implement processes and procedures to establish a chain of trust for high-security, high-availability cybersecurity assets Act as an agile, flexible stakeholder on a DevSecOps squad Help revamp our cybersecurity architecture Engage in a culture of innovation in cybersecurity You have sound knowledge of cybersecurity for financial institutions You have contributed to the operationalization of cybersecurity assets and services You know the procedures involved in security ceremonies You are familiar with the use of API REST You know containerization and microservice orchestration (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform, Jenkins) You understand continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) and Agile teamwork You know the AWS Cloud platform You embrace the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: Hashicorp Vault PCI DSS Certificate Authority (CA) Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) Hardware Security Module (HSM) Key Management System (KMS) Application-layer encryption Tokenization Management of security certificates and SSH keys ADCS, NDES, Jamf, Entrust Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and family assistance program Preferred banking services Volunteer program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID689:
Become an expert on WorkerBee.TV’s suite of products, including the Association TV® Video Platform, Virtual Events platform, Solution Center, and Learning Management System Planning and execution of office infrastructure Order, install, configure hardware, software, systems, printers, scanners, etc Systems administration Manage licenses and accounts Integrations Monitor performance IT help desk support - Provide a superior customer service experience for incoming technical support tickets and inquiries for internal (bees) and external (clients) IT support Provide base level troubleshooting, document issues reported and remediation steps taken in ticket tracking application including timeliness, correct billing codes and quality of ticket entries Monitor support ticket system, acting on technical support and delegating requests to appropriate talent, as required Work with Account Management Team to ensure the Help Desk has adequate coverage during heavy use periods, like platform upgrades, feature rollouts, and virtual events Provide training to end-users on hardware and software functionality Cyber security - identify threats, create backups and fixes for each, error reporting and risk mitigation Technical documentation Policies and procedures Training Achieve Service Delivery Quotas and Key Performance Indicators Manage the intranet (Hive Portal), maintaining security, integrity and taxonomy Other duties as assigned. Post-secondary Bachelor’s or certification in Computer Science Previous experience in a technical support role a considerable asset Experience working with ticket tracking applications such as HubSpot and ZenDesk Experience working with SaaS hosting environments, such as Amazon Web Services, configuring and growing scalable servers an asset Strong knowledge of Unix and operating system management is required Well-developed communication and listening skills to engage in positive and persuasive dialogue effectively across numerous departments and levels – both verbally and in writing Highly organized - strong planning, time management, and prioritization skills as well as accuracy, and attention to detail are critical Driven - ability to multi-task and complete projects under tight deadlines. Able to make decisions quickly because you have courage and risk tolerance Client-oriented and focused on creating value for all stakeholders, you are exceptional at building and maintaining strong relationships at all levels Exceptional in taking initiative as well as following direction, working independently and with a team while demonstrating accountability and reliability Interest in staying current on trends and industry, best practices and future-proofing WorkerBee.TV Supports WorkerBee.TV’s Hive values; BEE Daring, BEE Kind, BEE a Team Player and BEE a Pro You must also love to work with amazingly talented people! 8 hour shift Monday to Friday What are your salary expectations? DCS / DEC (required) No 
ScrapedJobID690:

ScrapedJobID691:
Responsible for Wireless design and optimization of cellular networks. Evaluate projects to support network evolution to meet growing subscriber demand, analyzing coverage, capacity, and performance. Develop project related planning documents for new site builds and network augmentation Interface with planners and real estate for service requirements, providing feedback on proposed deployment solutions. Work with and provide guidance to construction and civil engineering, transport planning, equipment engineering. Lead network collaboration meetings, design reviews, and change meetings. Successful completion of relevant Post-Secondary Education in an Engineering related field. 5+ years of experience with RAN Engineering. 4G and or 5G core experience. Experience working with Ericsson or Nokia would be considered an asset. Advanced skills in NetAct and Planet. Experience and solid understanding of 4G/5G technologies. Ability to read and interpret mechanical and electrical drawings. Excellent communications skills, both written and verbal Attitude focused on team success and improving the customer experience. Proven ability to put words in actions and ability to deliver results. Ability to work with change, in a competitive environment where priorities change frequently. Registered P.Eng would be considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID692:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or Information Security, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 2+ years of experience in a management role with a focus on cloud security technology, infrastructure, and applications across all major hyperscalers (Azure, AWS, GCP). Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting and Operations. Experience managing customer-facing teams. Experience with customer advising on cloud security strategy and delivering security in complex cloud transformation/modernization projects. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Partner closely with customers as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions, including proof-of-concept work, implementation and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver cloud security messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Advocate and influence the development of cloud security on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID693:
Be a partner in data-driven decision making; Obsessively capture, analyze & optimize sales data to help guide the business. You'll proactively contribute to, own, create, track performance, keeping Security Compass up to date with how it's tracking towards its goals and OKRs Provide thoughtful analysis on management dashboards to facilitate effective understanding of progress, achievements and gaps, including but not limited to: pipeline analysis, closed deal analysis, competitors, etc Work with a Salesforce admin to design and implement solutions that satisfy ongoing business needs Develop a deep understanding of Security Compass's business processes and how they interact with our product & Salesforce-related application ecosystem Work collaboratively with go to market teams to ensure the best buyer experience possible while generating actionable data Advanced level MS Excel skills 2+ years experience with Salesforce as a user or administrator, proficient in building/reading dashboards and configuring small to medium system changes Highly developed interpersonal and written/spoken communication skills to effectively lead and work with cross-functional teams, primarily Sales, Demand Generation, Client Success, Revenue Operations, and Finance. Data-driven, deeply analytical thinker with a focus on measurement and optimization Make a difference. Our suite of products and services help make software more secure for our customers, their clients and the world as a whole. Have a voice. Be trusted. Our organizational structure and open communication programs create an environment where employees drive the company's culture and decisions. Have fun. Our social events and games around the office are just a few ways we let loose. We don't take ourselves too seriously. Universal Acceptance. Diversity is our differentiator. We speak up for inclusion. We respect all forms of intelligence. Be innovative. We give dedicated time to focus on passion projects and encourage new ideas in all that we do. We encourage disruptive thinking. You'll be able to spend 10% of your time working on a side-project of your choosing. Grow your career. We make your growth and learning a priority by giving a dedicated training budget. We create opportunities to take on new projects in security and beyond. Find balance. We support work from home, have flexible work hours, and open vacation. 
ScrapedJobID694:
Assist customer with architectural guidance on switching infrastructure in campus and datacenters. Provide guidance based on real-world experience for executing migration of networks from legacy designs to new. Provide tactical guidance to operation team members who are well-versed on Junos. To hold network information gathering workshops with the Customer to understand the Customer’s existing network design and technical requirements of new network designs. To understand the Customer’s organizational structure and become familiar with the Customer’s network implementation and support processes and procedures to help in supporting a network that is available and sustainable. To carry out testing of new Designs, features, and functionality as required by the Customer in a laboratory environment and to help develop plans to implement and verify that they are operating correctly in the live network Periodically test patches and fixes to operating software and to ensure that they are implemented and functioning correctly in the pre-production test network and then live network as implementation plans dictate. In high-stakes situations assist in troubleshooting equipment and network problems with customer and JTAC. Assist customer and JTAC in identifying bugs that are hard to triangulate To produce and/or review change control MOPS with customer To hold technology workshops with the Customer to discuss equipment and network problems, and to provide case status updates, including the reasons for any problems encountered and the workarounds and/or solutions that are being tried To train the Customer’s design, implementation and support personnel to operate the Juniper Networks products with less risk. This training will mostly consist of real world operational knowledge transfer to personal that already have solid working knowledge of Junos. To assist the Customer to develop Network Operating and Equipment Operating Procedures Support production environment of Juniper products within the Customer infrastructure Support ongoing efforts in defining best practice policies for Juniper product applications used by Customer The Resident Engineer is expected to peer with other employees performing similar resident engineering roles where lessons learned may help minimize risk associated with major network upgrades or changes in the network. The RE will be expected to develop secondary skills in other products in the Juniper product portfolio. Candidates for this role MUST have a minimum of 7 years of experience providing implementation and technical support of networking products in LAN, WAN, or Internet services environments. Candidates for this role MUST be able to demonstrate the following competencies:
Strong Interpersonal skills, Ability to work well with many levels of customer engineering and management, ability to work well with the juniper account team and Technical assistance center.
Detailed technical experience in the installation and operation of IP Routers Switches and Firewalls. This includes hands-on operation of management tools and network analyzers.
Detailed understanding of the protocols surrounding IP networks. These skills should generally include: a. TCP/IP fundamentals, b. IP subnetting and supernetting and hierarchical routing principles, c. Routing protocol operation (OSPF and BGP), d. Routing policies at BGP peering points, e. VPNs and the associated tunneling technologies (L2TP, MPLS, etc.) Switching, spanning tree and other switching technology as required, Firewalls and associated technologies as required
The ability to function in a team environment and recognize and take on tasks with self-direction as well as the ability to take direction from the customer, account team, and Advanced Services Management.
The ability to communicate well within the Juniper team articulating customer problems before they become issues being proactive where possible.
Hands-on configuration and operational knowledge of Juniper Networks router and firewall and switching products, passion to continue learning and expanding your knowledge. Strong Interpersonal skills, Ability to work well with many levels of customer engineering and management, ability to work well with the juniper account team and Technical assistance center. Detailed technical experience in the installation and operation of IP Routers Switches and Firewalls. This includes hands-on operation of management tools and network analyzers. Detailed understanding of the protocols surrounding IP networks. These skills should generally include: a. TCP/IP fundamentals, b. IP subnetting and supernetting and hierarchical routing principles, c. Routing protocol operation (OSPF and BGP), d. Routing policies at BGP peering points, e. VPNs and the associated tunneling technologies (L2TP, MPLS, etc.) Switching, spanning tree and other switching technology as required, Firewalls and associated technologies as required The ability to function in a team environment and recognize and take on tasks with self-direction as well as the ability to take direction from the customer, account team, and Advanced Services Management. The ability to communicate well within the Juniper team articulating customer problems before they become issues being proactive where possible. Hands-on configuration and operational knowledge of Juniper Networks router and firewall and switching products, passion to continue learning and expanding your knowledge. Platform and product(s) as the primary focus for the RE: EX2200, EX4200, EX4200, EX4300, EX4600, EX8200, EX9200, QFX5100, QFX10002, MX104, MX240 Platform and product(s) as the secondary focus for RE: SRX240, SRX550, SRX650, SRX300, SRX240, SRX1500, SRX4200, SRX5400 Describe the network environment and name the products that will be supported: Campuses mainly consist of Juniper EX switches and some SRX. Some buildings have legacy EX2200/4200/8200 however migrations are ongoing and moving to EX4300/4600/9200. Customer is moving towards automation and Fusion for campus management Working towards implementing Juniper SDSN and dot1x Wireless interop is with Aruba Data Centers consist of EX8200/4200/4300 however they are getting migrated to QFX10002/QFX5100/QFX5110 Customer is exploring moving to an overlay with EVPN/VXLAN Working towards infrastructure as code CICD in new DC Retail and Service locations utilize EX4300’s and SRX340’s Factories utilize EX4300 and EX9200 and have unique challenges due to the size and high level of production line automation Junos Space Network Director SDSN Infrastructure as Code Automation (NITA, Jenkins, Robot, Ansible, PyEZ) JTAC experience a strong plus Due to the amount of ex-Juniper employees working at the customer sites, having a current or formal employee of Juniper is a strong plus 10+ years experience in managing large technical account activity revolving around network products from multiple vendors. JNCIA, JNCIS, JNCIP, JNCIE, CCNP, CCIE are a strong plus The ideal candidate will have prior experience with scripting or programming languages including Python, SLAX, and NETCONF, and experience with automation frameworks such as Puppet, Chef, Ansible, or others. Expert level troubleshooting methodology to isolate and identify configuration, design, and software anomalies; ability to clearly articulate findings in written and verbal communications with development level engineering staff. Understanding of direct PFE debugging vis VTY Strong layer 2 debugging skills Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and work calmly under pressure. Due to the customer’s staff having a high degree of skill on Junos the RE candidate needs to bring a strong background of Juniper operational experience that the customer can leverage to reduce unplanned outages or extended maintenance windows. 
ScrapedJobID695:
The Network Administrator will support the day-to-day administration of the company systems and networks. The successful candidate will possess a mixed infrastructure skill set and will assist in planning, developing, installing, configuring, maintaining, supporting, and optimizing system and network software As part of the IT support team, the candidate may assist in all areas of network and system management. The candidate responsibilities will include but is not limited to: Configure and administer the network infrastructure including firewalls, VPNs, and other items related to corporate IT security Hardware/software setup, rollout and support Administer the company infrastructure, servers and desktop systems (*nix, Windows mix) Setup and administer virtualization solutions Create and maintain detailed system and network documentation Participate in various IT projects Provide end user support and training Provide after-hours emergency support as needed and when available The successful candidate will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required 5+ years of network administration experience Linux/Unix server support experience Sound TCP/IP networking knowledge and skills Virtualized environment experience Excellent command of the English language Ability to communicate both technically and non-technically Good organizational skills and ability to perform multiple tasks, schedule priorities and meet deadlines Ability to work independently and as part of a team Nagios or similar NMS experience Backup administration Windows desktop and server support experience Exchange mail server support experience Active Directory experience Mitel IP phone system experience Diploma in Computer Technology or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID696:
Are experienced in consulting and advisory discussions with clients and other consulting firms Are talented in designing and implementing technology solutions Are experienced in working with or leading medium to large teams Are able to collaborate within a large global organization Take full accountability to lead and manage work streams and ensure work is coordinated across different work streams, processes, or projects. Create and validate the detailed design of solution components in accordance with the target solution within environments of medium size and complexity Lead small to medium project general design and delivery (solution architecture and associated infrastructure or business and functional requirements) Are highly regarded individual who proactivity builds trust with clients at multiple levels, sought out for follow on work Prepare well written, logical, concise material without guidance Identify new or extend current opportunities at the account level and contribute to upsell. Present well to audiences of all sizes and challenges client assumptions constructively Complete defined work streams on time, on budget and with expected quality level within the scope of the role. Makes internal contributions to practice Bilingual (Preferred) - French You solve complex problems that span across work domains requiring considerable judgement of contextual factors. You have wide scope for autonomous decision-making within established work plans. You develop a strong client relationship and contribute to sales outcomes. You work well under guidance and direction, but fully independent in own work. You identify utilities, tools or processes to improve project development. You structure and deliver work results against defined standards and maintain structured, accurate and current work records Proven experience in the design and implementation of Anti-Virus and Endpoint Detection and Response solutions to protect, detect and response to cyber incidents on endpoints across all major operating systems. Proven experience protecting email, instant messaging and collaboration platforms from malicious attacks, such as Phishing as well as from more sophisticated attacks such as Spear Phishing, Business Email Compromise and identity theft. Proven experience with user and entity behavioral analytics and how these services can be used to identify and defend against identity compromise. Proven experience of security, incident and event management solutions, their design, implementation and integration into Security Operations. Azure Sentinel experience is of particular interest. Proven experience performing use case development and rules that can be applied to consolidate events across disparate systems and used to identify an attack chain across systems. Proven experience performing threat hunting across endpoints, identities, networking, cloud and collaboration platforms. A good understanding of threat modelling, risk and how to mitigate the risks concerning applications, both from internal and external threat actors. A deep understanding of incident response processes and techniques for cyber recovery. A deep understanding of security operations centers, their functions and roles. A good understanding of the Microsoft platforms across Windows, Microsoft 365 and Azure. Experienced in managed security services, incident response and security advisory. A good understanding of techniques and approaches used by threat actors to compromise companies. A good understanding of the MITRE ATT&CK framework and how it can be applied to help customers improve their cyber defense. A good understanding of the business, privacy, security, and compliance challenges surrounding client data and able to articulate and understand the types of assets that would be seen as valuable and susceptible to attack. With an eye to the future, you are aware of emerging technologies in the Cyber Defense space. M365 Threat Protection (Security Center, MCAS, Defender for endpoint, Office 365, Identity) Splunk Enterprise Security Certified Admin CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Administrator CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Responder CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Hunter ZCCA-IA - Cloud Administrator Internet Access ZCCA-PA - Cloud Administrator Private Access AZ-500: Microsoft Azure Security Technologies SC-200: Microsoft Security Operations Analyst SC-900 Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals SC-300: Microsoft Identity and Access Administrator SC-400: Microsoft Information Protection Administrator Opportunity to work for Microsoft’s Global Alliance Partner of the Year (17 of the last 20 years) Exceptional development and training to help you understand Microsoft's broader Security, Compliance, and Identity (SCI) ecosystem with a minimum 80 hours/year of training and paid certifications Avanade University - real-time access to technical and skilled resources globally Dedicated career adviser to encourage your progression Reward and recognition program Full benefits package including medical coverage, income protection policy, extended benefits, bonus program, generous retirement plan, and much more. 
ScrapedJobID697:
Do you have a keen interest in real-time data? Are you familiar with SQL? Do you enjoy working in a team that’s passionate about state-of-the-art tools? Do you want to collaborate on a project that is a priority for the Bank? Help design and develop structured and unstructured data acquisition solutions Work in big data and distributed computing environments Discover, structure, cleanse, enrich, validate, prepare, and publish data sets in a format adapted to analytics, modelling and business intelligence (BI) for business line needs Collaborate with data scientists and data visualization experts in order to provide them with suitable data Design, execute, and implement machine learning and analytics solutions Understand and identify the risks and issues related to the technologies selected Communicate complex technical concepts in plain language for users of analytics platforms Coach your peers so they become familiar with the Bank's data environments. Work in an agile/iterative work environment Proficiency in several programming languages, preferably SQL, Shell and Python Knowledge of database technologies (e.g., SQL Server) Experience in data flow design and development Experience in processing data for valorization purposes Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Power BI, Tableau) Knowledge of at least one cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCP, Azure), an asset Knowledge of Kafka and KsqlDB, an asset Bilingualism (English/French). Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and Family Assistance Program Preferential banking services Community involvement program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID698:
Strategic Planning Bring market and industry insights to product and services strategy Participate in the development of corporate strategy. Set objectives and identify methods for reaching those goals Assist in the development and fully own the implementation of a go-to market strategy for Managed Services in the cybersecurity/regulatory space for OT assets Work closely with executive leadership to evaluate and strategically develop improvements for technology solutions to increase revenue and provide an improved client experience Business Development Participate in pre-sales activities, consulting engagements, and client training Manage customer engagements to establish goals: revenue, outcomes, and clear contractual terms Apply an in-depth understanding of our managed services offerings to address complex and strategic OT needs within the electric sector Lead and participate in account strategy sessions with potential or existing customers. Provide thorough and accurate insight into the strategic initiatives of potential customers and their capacity, ability, and desire to purchase our types of services, while effectively communicating how our services meet their strategic needs. Respond to existing and prospective client requests for managed services. Develop and maintain a quality pipeline of prospects. Collaborate with internal technical teams to penetrate existing accounts to introduce and sell solutions Advise potential clients on value proposition and benefits to managed services and sales Technical/Execution/Production Lead the successful project and engagement management by collaborating with customers, leveraging internal intellectual property and knowledge, preparing, and presenting meeting materials, identifying process improvements and efficiencies, negotiating with vendors, and communicating with at different levels of internal teams including C suite Strong technical knowledge of cybersecurity frameworks such as NIST and IEC standards Develop best practices and security standards for a managed services team Apply assessment tools, monitoring technology, and health check processes Manage the project and/or client team in effectively executing on Managed Services and deliverables of strategic sourcing, assessments, and contract audits Guide and train team members, including workshops and developing training materials Understanding of IT operations, corporate IT infrastructure, networking technologies, and applications in a typical enterprise environment. Follow up with customers to assure satisfaction, respond to queries, solicit further sales, and solve problems. Demonstrated track record of successfully selling managed services to small and mid-market businesses for more than $1M in sales Demonstrated ability to communicate, present and influence credibly and effectively at all levels of the organization, including executive and technical levels Strong communication skills: conversation, written, and presentation from both business and technical perspectives Excellent interpersonal skills: demonstrated rapport and credibility with customers and within the company; people savvy; active listener Success capturing new business opportunities Self-motivated and able to thrive in a results-driven environment Natural relationship builder with integrity, reliability, and maturity Ability to translate vision into strategy and guide execution Experiencing selling managed cybersecurity services Exceptional interpersonal skills Excellent listening and presentation skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills At least 3 years of relevant experience with Managed Services, including strategic sourcing, vendor negotiations, procurement, process improvement, and project management Proven experience managing and growing a Managed Services team Proven experience efficiently streamlining Managed Service operations Experience with monitoring and health assessment tools for OT assets Minimum of 7 - 10 years consultative selling experience of IT/OT and/or compliance Managed Services to the utility sector Proven track record of consistently meeting or exceeding assigned quotas and developing new customer leads, qualifying prospects, and closing sales. Ability to take a holistic and strategic view of the business process, leveraging a deep understanding of end-to-end business models and sales 
ScrapedJobID699:
Be integral in continuously maturing the threat modeling practices and application security risk assessment program. Be integral in ensuring security threats and countermeasures are identified in projects/initiatives as part of SDLC process. Maintain an understanding of available security design patterns, their applicability to given initiative and identify gaps that require improvement opportunities. Produce high quality threat modeling artifacts and follow through in tracking of assessments and remediation activities in issue management platform and/or designated repository. Continuously keep apprised of business technology practices and relevant threats, both current and emerging and work with Security Architect to identify appropriate controls. Be an advocate for Cybersecurity company standards and industry best practices. Help build, improve threat libraries and controls and standardize on threat modeling practices. Collaborate with larger Security Assessment and Testing group in socializing threats identified in technology projects as part of overall risk analysis. Keep abreast of new technology trends and associated risks in application development practices, frameworks, cloud services (PaaS, IaaS, SaaS), modern data store platforms etc. and ability apply this knowledge and skills during threat modeling exercises. Acts as a trusted advisor to assigned business/group. Assists in the development of strategic plans. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks and mitigation techniques for designated areas. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Acts as the day to day contact for vendors; supports the implementation, maintenance, and sustainment of vendor solutions. Understands the strategy, plans, activities and needs of all stakeholders and translates those business needs into solutions and makes recommendations. Provides advice, counsel and support on information security matters and recommends solutions to assigned business/group leaders on principles, frameworks, programs, approaches, trends, legislation and regulatory requirements including interpretation of policy and identification and management of risk. Builds credibility and influences/negotiates effectively to drive business performance through development and delivery of information security solutions. Tracks metrics and milestones, providing recommendations for resolution and escalating as appropriate when issues arise. Facilitates discussions and follows a disciplined approach to plan, elicit, analyse, document, communicate and manage initiatives and issues with stakeholders by applying a variety of elicitation techniques to probe, challenge and understand associated risks. Promotes process improvements and methodologies; keeps emerging information security issues and trends in mind and ensures standards are followed. Creates professional presentations and deliver them in a meaningful concise way. Assesses information security impact to a project’s benefits and risks when scope changes. Develops and champions information security best practices, including staying abreast of industry information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Gathers, examines and interprets data and information to extract meaningful insights, answer business questions and provide actionable recommendations. Assists with continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities. Ensures consistent, high quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed Min of 2-3 years of hands-on work experience in software development or software web application development (e.g. Java, JS, Python) is preferred. Ability to decompose applications and system designs in hybrid cloud architectures to identify potential threats Cyber or Information Security experience preferred Threat Modeling knowledge- nice to have ( Threat Modeling methodologies (e.g. Attack Trees, MSTM/STRIDE, PASTA) or performing Architecture Risk Analysis. Working experience in Agile methodologies. Knowledge of DevOps practices and ability to champion security first, DevSecOps culture and practices. Knowledge of OWASP software security practices Knowledge of threats and related best practices to secure public cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure) and container platforms (e.g. OpenShift, Kubernetes,) is preferred. Advanced analytical skills Proficient communication and negotiations skills, both verbal and written. Is empathetic and loves to solve problems and always maintains high integrity. Typically between 4 - 7 years of relevant experience and a post-secondary degree in Information Security, Computer Science, Engineering, and/or Information Systems or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preference for candidates who have at least one certification in a related field, with strong preference for Information security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS). Understanding of industry standards and frameworks e.g. NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO 27001 and 27002, Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS), etc. - In-depth. Experience in information security concepts and methodology. Knowledge of business analysis, project delivery practices and standards across the project lifecycle - In-depth. Knowledge of information security processes, procedures and controls - In-depth. Understanding of and problem solving ability for information security issues within their business group - Working. Understanding of information security risk and regulatory requirements - Working. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID700:
Engage in implementation, documentation and deployment on the build out of both small and large scale IP Networks supporting broadcast infrastructures Respond and provide technical direction to customers regarding operational issues, firmware upgrades and general maintenance Assess the customer’s application, troubleshoot and diagnose issues through research and/or re-creation to determine the root cause Recommend solutions utilizing various levels of technical language appropriate to the customer in a timely, clear and professional manner Maintain a communication link between customer service and other departments by partnering to resolve customer issues and communicating customer feedback to aid in design changes including customer “feature requests” to product managers Support the development of product communications by generating or authoring customer guides and provide the technical writing group with information including Pinouts, FAQ, Application notes, Best Practices and customer product or system configuration and product integration with other manufacturer’s products Install product(s) or systems at customer sites and delivering training to customers in-house or abroad (RFC 2328), PIM, QOS, RIP, Sflow, SNMP, STP/RSTP/MST (IEEE 802.1d), VARP/VRRP, VLAN (IEEE 802.1q), VRF Unparalleled desire to help the customer and deliver service excellence Education in Computer Networking or related recent practical experience Electrical, Electronic, or Computer Electronic Technician or engineering education or related recent practical experience A strong comfort level with Linux is highly desired Some Network trouble shooting experience Knowledge of IP Networking Protocols (IGMPv2/v3, RIP, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP) Knowledge of Internet network technologies (DNS, Firewall, SSH, HTTP) Must have a valid Ontario driver’s license 
ScrapedJobID701:
Work within a cross-functional team of Cloud Engineers, App Admins, DBAs and DevOps to specify, design, develop, test, and implement cloud services and solutions Leverage industry best practices in defining and tuning appropriate on-demand cloud deployment architectures with security in mind Identify, implement and support application monitoring solutions for cloud deployments Ensure work is fully tested, documented and highly automated Programmatically automate routine cloud deployment, administration, and monitoring tasks Oversee the defining, documenting and training of SaaS Ops admins on critical cloud deployment related processes Enrolled in an undergraduate degree or diploma majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, IT or related field Familiarity with core infrastructure technologies such as Active Directory, DNS, FTP, SMTP, Load Balancers and Firewalls, etc Familiarity with automation tools such as Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform, Artifactory, etc. Strong understanding and writing of code with familiarity of Python, Groovy, Powershell, or GoLang Familiarity with Docker, and Kubernetes Asset to have: Exposure on automation tools like Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible 
ScrapedJobID702:
Works with customers and provides recommendations to improve their overall security posture. Works with stakeholders to enhance overall security posture by recommending and establishing governance and developing security policies designed to meet overall security program goals and requirements. Enhances solution security by working with team to enhance security awareness and standards. Determines security requirements by evaluating business strategies and requirements; researching information security standards and regulatory requirements (e.g. data sovereignty, data handling); conducting system security and vulnerability analyses and risk assessments; studying architecture/platform; identifying integration issues; preparing cost estimates. Ensures solutions are thoroughly tested for security weaknesses and contributing quality processes (e.g. code reviews, infrastructure hardening) technical standards and solution design artifacts to protect them. Accountable for solution security and auditability requirements. Verifies security systems by developing and implementing test plans. Contributes to test strategy and leads the security testing. Plans security systems by evaluating network and security technologies; developing requirements for Cloud, networking components including routers and firewalls, virtual private networks (VPNs), routers, security appliances; public key infrastructures (PKIs), including use of certification authorities (CAs) and digital signatures as well as hardware and software; access controls, encryption, and adhering to other industry standards. Recommends and implements continuous security technology and remediations and process improvements both within the solutions and at a corporate level and for customers. Strengthens security by monitoring and ensuring compliance to standards and practices; conducting incident response continuous improvement sessions; developing and conducting training programs. Reviews and/or prepares system security reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends and identifying issues. Supports security and privacy compliance audits both directly and supporting of internal and external auditors with information and controls data. Applies knowledge of government and industry regulatory information and audit requirements. Leads team in identifying, containing, investigating, and remediating security breach events. Provides technical and thought leadership to design and deliver solutions and to mentor other team members. Responsible to make and defend security architecture trade-off decisions; ensuring that risk is an element in all solution technical solution decisions. Ensures roles-based authorization systems are developed and tested. Ensures appropriate confidentiality of corporate information both in transit and at rest. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) majors, and 7+ years working on application and technology security. Accounting or related practitioners who have gone on to achieve sufficient technical certifications and demonstrate technical depth will also be considered. 5 years experience in information systems security auditing. One or more Information Technology related security certifications such as Certified Information Systems Security Profession (CISSP), ISACA Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC), Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP), CompTIA Security+, and/or certified EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) and Certified Security Analyst (ECSA). Other technology related services considered an asset. Knowledge of both government and industry standards, regulatory requirements and statutes, and audit compliance requirements such as CoBIT, Payment Card Industry (PCI), Freedom of Information and Privacy Protection Act (FOIPPA), and ISO/IEC 27001. Strategic business acumen and understanding of strategy and ability to design information systems to delivery that strategy. Knowledge in the following technical areas: Microsoft Azure and/or similar cloud platforms such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). Cloud authentication and security on platforms such as Azure and AWS. Development experience using programming and scripting languages such as .Net, C#, Python, JavaScript, SQL, JQuery, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3. Microsoft Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) and/or similar continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) technologies such as Team Foundation Server (TFS), Jenkins CI, Github, and Artifactory. Agile and Scrum methodologies. API Architecture such as Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Web Services or Messaging. Collaboration technologies such as WebEx, Skype or SharePoint. QA Automation such as writing test scripts. DevOps tools, technologies, and processes. Enhances knowledge by tracking and understanding emerging security practices and standards; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Able to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology solutions. Energized by a fast-paced environment and committed to a collaborative, team environment. General knowledge of process engineering methodologies, technical software delivery life cycles and change management practice. Multiple security certifications such as Certified Information Systems Security Profession (CISSP), ISACA Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC), Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP), Certified Wireless Security Professional (CWSP), CompTIA Security+, and/or certified EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) and Certified Security Analyst (ECSA). 
ScrapedJobID703:
Provide 24/7 support for the network and security infrastructure Configure, implement, maintain and document of all network and security equipment across the business, including clinics Monitor security logs and access of file shares and network logins and protect against security breaches Prepare reports for management to detail security breaches, weaknesses, and remediation plans Maintain firewalls and security rulesets Monitor and analyze network performance, antivirus software and security across the organization Recommend security enhancements and best practices and ensure compliance Validate patch management and oversee remediations Ensures all changes to the environment follow the change management process Assist the team with technology upgrades and deployments on prem and cloud Act as the primary escalation point for all IT Security incidents Perform other duties as assigned to support Medicentres Canada Inc. College or University degree in a related discipline or equivalent work experience Five (5) plus years of experience as a Senior Network or Systems Analyst, working in a similar environment Security+ or CISSP certifications is preferred or equal experience Excellent knowledge of network systems, protocols, and standards as well as scripting languages Excellent knowledge with installing, configuring, and troubleshooting firewalls, switches, routers, wireless access points, VLAN’s, network connection Excellent knowledge with SIEM solutions. Splunk is a strong asset Experience with Windows Server and Linux operating systems Experience with anti-virus software, intrusion detection systems, and other network security measures Awareness of applicable data privacy practices and laws (PIPEDA, PHIPA, PCI) Ability to manage assigned projects in a priority sequence to ensure deliverables are met on time Excellent communication and customer service skills both written and verbal Adaptable and willing to learn new skills Ability to work in a very demanding and fast paced team environment with minimal supervision IT Staff and Management Clinical staff Physicians External parties such as: Lenovo, Dell, Quest, Cisco, Palo Alto, etc. 
ScrapedJobID704:
Work with other PSA Team member to provide power monitoring solutions as part of Eaton’s standard offerings. Provide regular briefings for the PSA team regarding the latest cyber security concerns, vulnerabilities, and advise on best practices. Present to customers on Eaton cybersecurity service strategy and work with Sales and Marketing to provide technical Sales support Train other field engineers on cybersecurity best practices Develop understanding of the company’s and competitor’s automation and power management systems and services. Work with the Cybersecurity Center of Excellence (CoE) in planning and performing threat, risk assessment and developing countermeasures in line with industry standards Provide applied engineering and consultation to customers in the areas of system integration, installation, start-up, maintenance, repair, training and modification of power management, control, and mission critical systems. Be involved in the analysis and handling of security vulnerabilities and incidents in collaboration with Product Cybersecurity CoE Support Sales in identifying, quoting, and scoping projects for sales opportunities Perform troubleshooting of IT Networking, including all layers of OSI model (cabling to application protocols) Perform IP networking penetration testing and vulnerability assessment practices Follow safe work practices related to working with automation and power management systems. Bachelor’s degree or diploma in a technical discipline (Electrical/Computer Engineering, Information Science, Computer Science) or minimum of 5 years of experience working in cyber security is required Possess and maintain a valid and unrestricted driver’s license. Legally authorized to work in the Canada without company sponsorship 5 years of experience working with Electrical Power Monitoring Systems (EPMS), Power Control, Mission Critical, or Building Management systems (BMS) Experience with EPMS or BMS project commissioning in the field 3 years of experience working in Information Systems sector, with a focus on server provisioning, virtualization, and network security. Networking certifications (CCT, CCENT, CCNA) Recommended Security certifications (CISSP, CompTIA Security+) Excellent interpersonal and communication/presentation skills Basic knowledge about power systems and regulation standards Working knowledge of security tools including IDA Pro, Kali, Wireshark etc. Working knowledge of industrial and IoT communication protocols such as Modbus, DNP, IEC61850, BACNet, SNMP, OPC-UA, MQTT, AMQP, TCP/IP Working knowledge of test equipment and diagnostic instruments for automation and power management systems. Strong computer skills required with Windows Operating Systems, Windows Server knowledge, and Microsoft SQL Good security practice and controls in the ICS OT/IT convergence space and knowledge of security standards including NERC CIP regulation or NIST Framework Knowledge of power quality meters, trip units, protective relays, motor control, VFD and UPS Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment as part of a team. Effective time management, prioritization and project management skills. 
ScrapedJobID705:

ScrapedJobID706:

ScrapedJobID707:
Acts as a trusted advisor to assigned business/group. Contributes to strategic plans, technology roadmaps, and standards and promotes adherence to them. Anticipates and reduces complexity for others. Leads detailed design reviews and makes recommendations for changes/enhancements. Takes a leadership role in projects to implement new capabilities, significant upgrades, and product retirement. Designs, develops, tests, implements & maintains information security platforms to meet requirements for security functionality, performance, scalability and resiliency. Researches and tests new cybersecurity products and innovations to support tactical and strategic decision making. Provides advice, counsel and support on information security platforms and services and recommends solutions. Develops and implements changes to streamline and integrate security processes and systems in the organization. Leads continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders. Troubleshoots complex issues with internal and external stakeholders as required. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the information security capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities and professional networks across BMO. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Ensures consistent, high quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals. Understands the scope of complexity that exists in the computing environment and the ways which security platforms impact that environment. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Min of 2+ years Experience in a past security role Background in administering Next-Gen Anti-Malware/Anti-Virus (e.g. McAfee ENS, Carbon Black Defense, Kaspersky, Symantec EP, MS Defender) Background in administering EDR (Endpoint Detection and Response). (e.g. Carbon Black EDR, Crowd Strike Falcon, Cylance, Sentinel One) Background in administering Application Control. (e.g. Carbon Black Bit9/Protect/AC, Beyond Trust PAM) Experience in a large 25-50k+ endpoint organization. Endpoint troubleshooting experience Typically between 4 - 7 years of relevant experience and a post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Information Security, or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. At least one certification in a related field, with strong preference for Information security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS). Understanding of multiple information security platforms and able to solve complex issues, with deep/advanced understanding of at least one information security platform - In-depth. Technical and system-level expertise in one or more information security solutions and/or extensive background in IT design and engineering. Knowledge of information security design and engineering concepts, practices, and technology obtained through formal training and work experience - In-depth. Knowledge of the technical/business environment and the corporate processes and procedures - In-depth. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID708:
GPS-based fleet management systems Collision avoidance safety systems Asset Health and predictive maintenance Optimized Smart Dispatch Autonomous trucks and specialized automation Analytics and BI Deliver technical solutions for improving overall quality and security of platform and product build, deployments, monitoring and alerting Design and implement Wenco's cloud-based source control, CI, builds and automated testing infrastructure security standards practices Research new technologies that will improve security, efficiency and effectiveness Analyze, design and evaluate automation scripts and systems Automate system monitoring processes Troubleshoot problems, maintain virtual environments and build processes Participate in managing cloud infrastructure and system administration, and work with teams to identify and repair issues on an as-needed basis Provide direct support during various operations such as deployment to production and non production environments Collaborate with developers and IT to ensure new environments meet requirements and conform to best practices Design, implement and test agreed-upon infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or relevant field with 3+ years of overall experience Minimum of 3-5 years of related work experience, working with local and remote engineering teams across multiple disciplines Software development background, more specifically in security, automated QA and DevOps space Experience with systems and IT operations Experience with automation/configuration management Experience with cybersecurity trends and practices Experience with security testing, vulnerability assessment and threat investigation and remediation A good understanding of open-source DevOps technologies and cloud services Experience in creating a CI/CD (continuous integration/deployment) pipeline Hands-on experience using industry standard DevOps tools (CI/CD, Terraform, Jenkins, Cucumber, Git, scripting, Chef, Puppet, Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) A good understanding of regulatory, compliance and audit standards especially SOC2 and ISO27001 Experience with Microsoft Azure and Azure DevOps is required(Experience with AWS is a plus) Experience with programming and scripting, with a preference for Python, Perl, bash, php etc. Prior experience in C++, C#.Net, C programming a plus Security certification is preferred Detail-oriented, with excellent analytical, technical and problem-solving skills Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to work on multiple assignments simultaneously Ability to learn, understand, and apply new technologies Highly self-motivated and directed Clear written and verbal communication in English, with ability to translate non-technical requests and requirements to a technical solution 
ScrapedJobID709:
Experienced in consulting and advisory discussions with clients and other consulting firms Talented in designing and implementing technology solutions Experienced in working with or leading medium to large teams Able to collaborate within a large global organization You take full accountability to lead and manage projects, providing operational leadership for work efforts requiring significant coordination.​ You create and implement work plans for assigned projects, programs and clients against established operational objectives​ You lead small to large project general design and delivery (solution architecture and associated infrastructure or business and functional requirements)​ Seen as a role model and acts as a leader​ Bilingual (preferred) - French You solve complex problems that consistently span work domains, requiring considerable judgement of contextual factors.​ You have wide latitude in approach to work, including ability to reshape work plans, guided by professional best practices and domain expertise.​ You develop a strong client relationship and contribute to sales outcomes.​ You work independently, with occasional validation of work efforts against strategic and operational objectives.​ You orchestrate the development lifecycle and facilitate building specialty skills as required by the project. You ensure that quality tools and processes are in place and are implemented by the development team.​ You act as a Delivery Lead/ Technical Architect for small and medium projects​ Proven experience with user and entity behavioral analytics and how these services can be used to identify and defend against identity compromise.​ Proven experience of security, incident and event management solutions, their design, implementation and integration into Security Operations. Azure Sentinel experience is of particular interest.​ Proven experience performing use case development and rules that can be applied to consolidate events across disparate systems and used to identify an attack chain across systems.​ Proven experience performing threat hunting across endpoints, identities, networking, cloud and collaboration platforms.​ A good understanding of threat modelling, risk and how to mitigate the risks concerning applications, both from internal and external threat actors.​ A deep understanding of incident response processes and techniques for cyber recovery.​ A deep understanding of security operations centers, their functions and roles.​ A good understanding of the Microsoft platforms across Windows, Microsoft 365 and Azure.​ Experienced in managed security services, incident response and security advisory.​ A good understanding of techniques and approaches used by threat actors to compromise companies.​ A good understanding of the MITRE ATT&CK framework and how it can be applied to help customers improve their cyber defense.​ A good understanding of the business, privacy, security, and compliance challenges surrounding client data and able to articulate and understand the types of assets that would be seen as valuable and susceptible to attack.​ With an eye to the future, you are aware of emerging technologies in the Cyber Defense space.​ M365 Threat Protection (Security Center, MCAS, Defender for endpoint, Office 365, Identity)​ Splunk Enterprise Security Certified Admin ​ CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Administrator​ CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Responder​ CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Hunter​ ZCCA-IA - Cloud Administrator Internet Access​ ZCCA-PA - Cloud Administrator Private Access​ AZ-500: Microsoft Azure Security Technologies​ SC-200: Microsoft Security Operations Analyst​ SC-900 Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals​ SC-300: Microsoft Identity and Access Administrator​ SC-400: Microsoft Information Protection Administrator​ Opportunity to work for Microsoft’s Global Alliance Partner of the Year (17 of the last 20 years) Exceptional development and training to help you understand Microsoft's broader Security, Compliance, and Identity (SCI) ecosystem with a minimum 80 hours/year of training and paid certifications Avanade University - real-time access to technical and skilled resources globally Dedicated career adviser to encourage your progression Reward and recognition program Full benefits package including medical coverage, income protection policy, extended benefits, bonus program, generous retirement plan, and much more. 
ScrapedJobID710:

ScrapedJobID711:
Administer security configuration in MS portal for Azure, M365 Defender and respond to incidents and alerts Implement MS security configuration for Azure, M365 Defender and Teams; assess security requirements and controls and ensures that security controls are implemented as necessary. Works closely with IT and development teams to design secure cloud and on-prem infrastructure solutions and applications, facilitating the implementation of protective and mitigating controls. Configure and maintain Security tools to Monitor, alert and report on EPS cloud and network security status. Provides senior leadership with reports and metrics on cyber security related incidents and activities. 3-5 years’ work experience in cyber security would be considered an asset. Security Certification in CISM, GIAC, SSCP, CCSP or similar are highly desirable. In-depth knowledge of Microsoft Cloud Admin portals. Good understanding of NIST Cyber Security Framework. Excellent verbal and written presentation skills. Applicants may be tested. 
ScrapedJobID712:
Serve as subject matter expert on various special projects and initiatives within the organization; Leads the planning, design, documentation, and engineering of security solutions across the enterprise; Perform security review activities for applications, networks, servers, and databases to ensure secure deployments; Monitor or manage IDS/IPS, firewalls, anti-malware tools, DLP, and other security solutions; Promote acceptance of security technologies within the organization, balancing business goals, security controls, and customer usability; Design, review and update information security policies, standards, procedures, and other related documentation; Investigate Information Security related incidents as reported to the organization or identified with our security tools; Perform root-cause analysis on Information Security related incidents and updates procedures or other controls to stop/mitigate future incidents as well as determine and implement enhancements to improve security in the future; Solve complex security-related problems and take a broad perspective to identify strategic solutions; Promote security awareness and provide training/communications to internal end-users; Maintain broad knowledge of best practices and stay informed on trends and issues in the field of Information Security, including current and emerging technologies; Perform all other duties as assigned; Strong knowledge of information security products and implementations, with an emphasis on design in the areas of networks, servers, endpoints, applications, databases, and integration; Strong knowledge regarding common attacks, attack methods, and defense architectures; Strong knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security; Strong knowledge of network and host-based intrusion detection systems and architecture; Familiarity with common Information Security frameworks and standards and compliance and regulations such as ISO 27001/27002, NIST, PCI DSS, HITRUST, HIPAA, HITECH, etc.; Experience with Information Security Policy and Procedure development and implementation; Understanding of risk management principles and methodologies; Excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as interpersonal skills including the ability to articulate to both technical and non-technical audiences; Must be organized, detail-oriented, deadline-driven, and able to handle multiple responsibilities in a fast-paced environment; Ability to collaborate in a team setting, as well as work independently; An understanding of organizational mission, values, and goals and consistent application of this knowledge; Ability to collaborate in a team setting, as well as work independently; Experience with vulnerability scanners and penetration tools; Identity & Access Management (IAM) experience; Cloud security experience; Identity & Access Management (IAM) experience; CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) or other related information security certifications preferred; Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Security, or related field of study or equivalent work experience. Master’s degree a plus. 5+ years of related work experience in information security or an equivalent combination of education and work experience. 7+ years progressive work experience in information technology/security overall. 
ScrapedJobID713:
You have a passion for helping lead a team to implement innovative and efficient solutions in pursuit of building an awesome product that will help improve people’s lives You desire to take healthcare to the next level by utilizing the latest cloud services and advances in software engineering to help provide solutions to complex problems Your first instinct is not to say “No” but to find ways to provide solutions to technical problems You are motivated by collaborating with a multidisciplinary team Work directly with Infrastructure and DevOps leadership to ensure that the Engineering Team has all the resources needed to build, deliver, and maintain the platform. Coordinate with the Product Team to ensure that team resources are allocated properly to meet product requirements. Ensure that a team climate based on trust, respect, and responsibility Coordinate with company leadership and other team leads to ensure the Engineering Team is aligned with the overall strategy, priorities, and goals of the company. Ensure that team members have tools and processes and resources they need to focus solely on building, delivering, and maintaining the platform. Proven track record in helping build innovative products Proven passion for learning. Organization and accountability within a fluid and constantly changing environment Excellent problem solving and problem preempting skills Willingness to go the distance to help Proven experience in a technical mentoring role Love working with a team 5+ years experience with writing Cloudformation, CDK or Terraform as primary job function. 5+ years setting up and maintaining high availability multi-region deployments and infrastructure. Experience setting up infrastructure such as server-less, SQS, message queues, databases, user identity management, networking, firewall, and load balancers. Experience setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines. Experience setting up and maintaining monitoring tools such as Sentry, CloudWatch, XRay, ElasticSearch, Grafana, Splunk Deep understanding of cloud services and distributed programming paradigms Containerization and container orchestration experience is required; Kubernetes experience is a plus. Automation experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, or other similar language is a HUGE plus! Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field. We are a group of people who are bright, kind, and motivated by challenge. We are a successful, fast-growing company at the forefront of tech and healthcare. We love solving problems, thinking creatively, and trying new things. We believe in autonomy & taking initiative. We take what we do seriously, but we also know how to have fun. We have a smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas. We offer competitive compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. You can be your authentic self here and are empowered to encourage others to do the same! 
ScrapedJobID714:
Work with team members to conduct host and network forensics, log analysis, malware analysis, threat intelligence gathering, threat hunting to support incident response investigations and client engagements Build scripts and tools to execute collections and analysis Draft and facilitate tabletop exercises for management and technology audiences Develop and contribute to reports and materials intended for both technical and executive audiences Work with both clients and vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Notify clients of any potential problems in their environment Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Attend internal MNP courses to further develop knowledge around performance improvement Willingness to work occasional evenings or weekends Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Posses a Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science or related discipline 3+ years of technology, cybersecurity, SOC, incident response, and/or threat intelligence work history Cybersecurity and incident response certifications Strong understanding of corporate network architecture and technologies Experience with Microsoft and Unix operating systems, applications and tools Experience with the following technologies would be beneficial: Python, PowerShell, Bash, SQL, Endpoint Detection and Response tools, Network Detection and Response tools, SIEMs, Microsoft O365 administration, Active Directory, forensic acquisition and investigation tools, Check Point, Palo Alto, RSA, Ironport, Cisco, Brocade, IronPort, RSA, Gemalto, Aruba, Forcepoint, Proofpoint Experienced with security and risk standards and regulatory controls including ISO, NIST, ITIL, COBIT, CSC, SOX, PCI-DSS 
ScrapedJobID715:
Facilitate internal and external IT audits, acting as liaison for external auditors and relevant KUBRA teams while maintaining compliance. Audits that you will be responsible for facilitating as an IT Risk Analyst include: SOX, SSAE 16, PCI-DSS audits and client audits Internal controls testing of active Employee Logical Access, Security Access Level groups, File Integrity Monitoring, etc. Manage the physical access process and system for employees and contractors alike. This includes issuing / revoking access; changing access levels on existing cards; printing and issuing photo badges for new hires and on a yearly basis for existing employees; maintaining and validating compliance of this process in accordance with current policies and procedures. Act as the first point of response for client RFP and Security questionnaires. Write Incident Reports (IRs) for the security department As an IT Risk Analyst, you will also be responsible for participating in security risk assessments, as assigned; writing Incident Reports (IRs); Monitoring the security case queue and distributing new cases/requests to the appropriate resource; and other related duties as assigned Since you’ll be working with sensitive and confidential information day-in-day-out, we’re looking for someone with a high level of integrity and discretion An excellent communicator and team player — you’re able to effectively communicate and foster strong working relationships with all levels of staff within the organization as well as external contacts Someone with meticulous attention to detail and organizational skills that are second-to-none Self-motivated – you take initiative and work proactively with minimal supervision Resilient in stressful situations – you have the ability to exercise judgement when dealing with problems or issues that may arise and have the ability to plan, research, and provide creative solutions Minimum 2 years of experience working in an IT Risk or Compliance Analyst role A conceptual understanding of general IT controls and the Systems Development Life Cycle A Degree or Diploma in Business Administration or a related field The following certifications are highly preferred, but not required: CISA, CRISC, COBIT A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID716:
As a Senior Criminal Investigator - Cybercrime you will be working side-by-side with police officers investigating cybercrime; Participate in different operational activities such as field operations (e.g., offsite interviews, court, and supporting execution of search warrants and seizures), however, the Criminal Investigator role is primarily conducted in an office environment or in a government building; Collecting and preserving evidence related to: Technology as a target – unauthorized use of computers or mischief in relation to data (i.e. “Hacking”) Technology as an instrument – where the Internet and information technologies were used to commit traditional crimes such as online fraud, identity theft, drug trafficking, money laundering, human trafficking, organized crime activities, etc. Attending and providing testimony in court as a subject matter expert; Engaging in digital evidence processing and reviewing of seized data; Provides advanced and specialized skills, experience, advice and recommendations in relation to the Criminal Code of Canada and other Federal Acts of Canada in such areas as network intrusions, ransomware, denial of services, national security, fraud, internet drug-based trafficking, intellectual property infringement and other related areas of cybercrime; Ensures continual learning and consultation with other law enforcement agencies to maintain knowledge of trends in analysis techniques, investigations, technology used by criminal actors and the applicable laws; Engages and maintains contacts with other domestic or foreign law enforcement organizations to solicit cooperation and advice in addressing highly technical and complex cybercrime investigations. Collaborates with partners in tactical, strategic disruption and mitigation. Criminal Investigators will participate in a comprehensive Federal Policing Investigations Training program including a robust coaching program during their first 24 months of employment. Training is aimed at equipping new civilian Criminal Investigators with foundational knowledge of Federal Policing and police sciences (Introduction to Police Science (IPS)), including content ranging from the RCMP Code of Conduct, applicable domestic statutes, legal authorities, types of offences, evidence and exhibits, judicial authorizations, interviews and court processes, and more. Upon completion of IPS, candidates will be granted Peace Officer Status and progress to the Federal Policing Investigations Program (FPIP). The curriculum is comprised of core and elective courses (online and instructor-led) where learners will be guided by their supervisors or by their coaches. Demonstrates initiative, autonomy, sound judgement and thoroughness; Has strong written skills and attention to detail; Adapts easily to changing priorities; Works effectively as part of a team; and Adopts a constructive and positive attitude. Significant* experience in computer programming or in the administration of servers, networks or workstations. Recent* and significant** experience working in an information technology field. Recent is defined as within the last two (2) years. Bilingual Imperative BBB/BBB English Essential / French Essential 
ScrapedJobID717:
Flexible working hours Competitive total rewards package with health and dental flex dollars, a discounted gym membership and employee store discount Profit-sharing and other performance recognition programs Social responsibility through our commitment to communities and sustainability World-class leadership, with thought leaders from the Cybersecurity space working in-house The opportunity to work with innovative minds. We love to fix problems! Be the champion in risk assessment of technologies and processes in the environment, including our Digital Crown Jewels and other compliance impacting technologies and processes. Identify, assess, manage, monitor and report upon information and cyber security risks. Connect the dots to improve and enhance risk assessment processes. Assess third-party risk on the use of vendors for day-to-day operations. Work with legal and vendor management in providing contract requirements. Provide oversight, reporting, and metrics on risk functions. Anticipate risk and assist owners in building action plans for risk mitigation. Bring your technical expertise to the GRC project team to build requirements, participate in implementation, and enhance our GRC tool. Contribute to the ongoing maintenance and development of policies, standards and operating procedures. Excellent communication skills Admirable documentation and presentation skills Extensive experience in risk assessments including third-party risk and audit report reviews Technical knowledge including Linux, Windows, AIX, databases, Network and Security Appliances and Firewalls, web and cloud-based applications, and secure coding practices IT risk and control frameworks like NIST & ISO27001/5 System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes and agile methodologies Audit and/or IT risk management CISSP, CISA and/or CRISC designations would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID718:
Identify and lead the appropriate subject matter experts to participate in the identification and analysis of risk scenarios. Identify and lead the determination of appropriate action plans for risk remediation. Develop and maintain risk reporting dashboards and metrics to highlight program gaps and effectiveness. Work with departmental members to identify and tack required tasks related to IT Security and Risk. Develop, maintain, and test Business Continuity Plans to aid in the continuation of business operations during an unplanned disruption in services. Develop, maintain and test Disaster Recovery Plans to provide to aid in the recovery of critical technology following a natural or human-induced disaster. Assist with and perform internal IT Security Audits. Research security enhancements and make recommendations to senior leadership. Own and modify appropriate system configuration settings; establish best practices and maintenance standards for assigned systems. Develop and upkeep of documentation for all responsible environments. Perform official change control as necessary. Acts as subject-matter expert (SME) and provide after-hour support and on-call support as required. Experience in Enterprise Risk Management. Experience with enterprise information security. Experience troubleshooting complex systems issues, strongly preferred. Experience delivering content and training to large groups. Strong customer service and oral/written communication skills required. Ability to work independently and produce results, given general priorities, required. Demonstrated self-starter, able to prioritize tasks and stay organized. Must be comfortable working in a collaborative team environment 
ScrapedJobID719:
Lead team responsible for advancing Data Protection, through data discovery/scanning, test data management, in line protection; identifying gaps and opportunities, reporting progress Ownership of the Data Security controls (Encryption, Tokenization, etc.) Advocate and advance Data Security and act as IT SME, for Data Protection, providing guidance for IT teams Track and report on various data security objectives within IT; prepare monthly progress reports to IT leadership Generate or update existing Business documentation Embrace adhoc requests, such as investigative and gap analysis, supporting IT Data Security programs & initiatives Minimum of 5 years in an IT, Information Security or Network Architecture or Delivery role Strong knowledge of Data Encryption theory and practical experience Database administration with a focus on encryption Excellent analytical skills, able to manage multiple requirements under strict timelines, work well in a demanding dynamic environment Program Management experience Excellent verbal and written skills Critical thinker with the ability to identify potential areas of opportunities and be able to accurately identify and document issues Excellent communication, presentation and relationship skills, especially the ability to partner and build consensus among various teams High degree of initiative, dependability and ability to work with a diverse workforce Ability to work independently with limited supervision Post-Secondary education in Information Technology-related field, or equivalent work experience. Professional security management certification, such as a Certified Information Security Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or other similar credentials CIPP (Certified Information Privacy Professional) Experience with Software Development Lifecycle, including Agile processes and Secrets management 
ScrapedJobID720:
Become a subject matter expert for Web Access Management and Single Sign on solutions for business units and operational groups Hands-on: Install, configure and troubleshoot web solutions in the test environments and integrate with other teams within the organization Efficiently manage time and successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously Involve others in problem solving and creative thinking Work independently with the technical teams to define and integrate solutions, and under direction of Access Management Architects Develop Access Control and Identity Management technical documentation and procedures Provide hands-on integration leadership to technical support teams Ensure compliance of IAM platforms with relevant industry standards and Corporate Security policies Working experience with Java engines (WebSphere, Tomcat, WebLogic) Working knowledge of Linux and Windows operating systems Strong problem solving and analytical skills – Ability to quickly understand and isolate application and network issues within supported environments Team player – Will be required to work in partnership with different teams and groups within the organization. Bachelor’s degree or specialized college certificate in Computer Science, Software Engineering or another related field Experience with Web Identity and Access Management platforms, such as Broadcom SSO and Advanced Authenticator (CA SiteMinder and Identity Minder), IBM Security Access Manager (ISAM), OKTA Working knowledge of SQL databases and LDAPs (Oracle databases and Unified Directory, Microsoft Active Directory) Linux/Windows system administration background and experience with Linux scripting (Shell, Perl) Professional designation such as CISSP, CISM, etc. Bilingual (French & English) is an asset 
ScrapedJobID721:
Onboarding/offboarding users, new hire orientation Setup, support, decommissioning of:
Computer hardware: laptops, desktops, servers, printers, mobile devices
AD accounts
Office365/Exchange accounts
Endpoint Management (Microsoft Endpoint Manger)
Azure infrastructure
SSO and MFA solutions
Application delivery
Remote/WFH user connectivity, VPN, RDP Computer hardware: laptops, desktops, servers, printers, mobile devices AD accounts Office365/Exchange accounts Endpoint Management (Microsoft Endpoint Manger) Azure infrastructure SSO and MFA solutions Application delivery Remote/WFH user connectivity, VPN, RDP Gathering evidence for compliance audits; enforcing IT policies
physical IT asset inventories
enforcing device compliance policies
cyber security training physical IT asset inventories enforcing device compliance policies cyber security training Basic networking, troubleshooting WiFi /hardwired connectivity: patching between wall ports, patch panels, switches, and routers PowerShell scripting, group policies, other automation A/V setup and support 5 years of IT helpdesk/support experience Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices, and other tech products; experience with Windows and Mac OS’s, Windows server OS’s, MS Azure, Office 365 back and front end (Teams, Office, Exchange, Outlook). Microsoft Endpoint Manger or other endpoint management solutions. Experience with SharePoint, PowerShell scripting, Virtual Desktop solutions an asset Ability to diagnose and resolve technical issues Proficiency in English Excellent communication skills Customer-oriented 
ScrapedJobID722:
Develop and implement security / safety policies, protocols and procedures Control budgets for security operations and monitor expenses Recruit, train and supervise security officers and guards Attend meetings with other managers to determine operational needs Plan and coordinate security operations for specific events Coordinate staff when responding to emergencies and alarms Review reports on incidents and breaches Investigate and resolve issues Create reports for management on security status Analyze data to form proposals for improvements (e.g. implementation of new technology) Working with managers, develop, implement and maintain health and safety programs to meet the needs of the Production facilities. Research and stay current with health and safety industry trends; identify opportunities to be innovative in program development and delivery Prepare and provide on-going communication to management outlining companywide H&S metrics, achievements and challenges Maintain internal H&S records/reporting system (safety meetings, inspections, conditions found/resolved, incident statistics) with the purpose to demonstrate compliance and provide guidance and direction to managers and employees on safe work practices and accident/injury prevention Ensure new hires are provided health and safety orientation and training, including the completion of all required documentation. Continuously conduct inspections and reviews of all production facilities; provide timely feedback and support to manage standards. Support managers and employees with regular safety meetings, toolbox talks and compliance risks. Manage all work-related injury claims by communicating with WSIB with respect to workplace incidents, overseeing back to work program planning, responding to WSIB requests for information and managing appeal process when required. Monitor and follow up on workers placed in modified work programs. Ensure compliance to the Company Environment License and associated environment permits. Responsible for the management of the above ground solvent tanks, the underground containment tank and associated monitoring wells and for the development and management of the environmental spill response plan under the Manitoba Environment License Frequent computer use including repetitive wrist and hand movement Light to moderate lifting is required Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions Flexibility in hours Warm and humid production environment Constant walking, bending, inspecting, kneeling Frequent observations First point of contact for the Security team during all shifts Ability to obtain a Valid Manitoba Security License 5-7 years’ experience in Security and Health & Safety Proven experience as security / risk manager or similar position Experience using relevant technology and equipment Excellent knowledge of security protocols and procedures Experience in reporting and emergency response planning Expert in OHSA legislations as well as Employment Standards Act Experience in manufacturing environment · Familiar with OHSAS 18001 or other H&S auditing experience is an asset Knowledge in performing hazard & risk assessments and develop control measures Experience in assisting with health and safety training and program development Solid understanding of budgeting and statistical data analysis Working knowledge of MS Office Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Outstanding organizational and leadership skills Committed and reliable High school diploma: Further education in security administration or similar field will be an asset Degree or Certificate in Occupational Health & Safety Must be able to provide clear criminal record check 
ScrapedJobID723:
Is part of a team of highly skilled Digital Evidence professionals who conduct complex and sensitive investigations, across North America. Applies sound methodologies to collect, preserve, and analyze digital evidence. Stays abreast on the emerging technology threat landscape across the globe.  Works with Global Security & Investigations (GSI), IT Security, Legal, Human Resources, Privacy, Risk, and external law enforcement, as necessary, to forensically collect and analyze digital evidence and conduct cyber investigations. Researches, evaluates, develops, tests and applies new methodologies for analyzing digital evidence to reduce the risk of exposure to TD Bank. Supports / develops procedures and standards and delivers advice, direction and education to TD management and staff. Knowledge of all aspects of the computer including hard drives, networking, and encryption Knowledge of various versions of Windows, Linux platforms and Microsoft Office Knowledge of network protocols, TCP/IP fundamentals and Network commands Familiarity with security tools such as Anti-Virus, Firewall systems and Data Loss Prevention tools Knowledge of phishing, malware and other cyber threats Ability to read through scripts/logs Experience with programming/scripting languages is an asset Knowledge of operational information security disciplines is an asset (e.g., incident response, security infrastructure management or monitoring services) Knowledge of Encase, FTK, or other computer forensic tools is an asset Knowledge of Splunk, Crowdstrike and E-discovery tools is an asset Experience analyzing data / information to understand actions taken and assess risk Knowledge of proper forensic procedures for data collection and documentation is an asset Knowledge of procedures in the care, handling, and protection of data including “Chain of Custody” is an asset Knowledge of investigations and criminal and regulatory legislation, regulation, procedures, and guidelines, is an asset Strong analytical perspective and ability to "think outside of the box" Excellent communication skills (written and spoken). Ability to work through urgent investigations with time sensitive deadlines Ability to interpret Digital Evidence matters in a way that is understandable to non-technical people A strong desire to learn and maintain knowledge of industry trends and emerging threats University degree or college diploma from a recognized Institute of Technology or University program in an appropriate specialty such as Computing Science, or a related field. Professional designation (or working towards the designation) in the following would be an asset: EnCE (Encase Certified Examiner), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), and/or, Certified Information Security Manager (CISM). Relevant experience with a corporate or government investigative and/or intelligence department within an organization of comparable size and complexity to TD would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID724:
Plus de 10 ans d'expérience de mise en œuvre, de consultation en matière de sécurité, de conformité et de gestion des risques, y compris un mélange de travail d'architecture technique pratique avec la conformité et la supervision. Connaissance approfondie et expérience de la mise en œuvre des principes de sécurité de l'information, de l'application des politiques, des systèmes d'exploitation, des applications Web et d'un haut niveau de connaissance des utilisations de codes malveillants, du Top 10 de l'OWASP et des techniques courantes utilisées par les pirates informatiques Expérience pratique avec des concepts de réseaux sécurisés, des services tels que DNS, HTTPS et TLS, ainsi que la sécurisation de systèmes définis par logiciel Expérience démontrée dans la conception d'architectures pour répondre aux exigences de sécurité et de conformité des entités du secteur public canadien Expérience de la création d’artefacts et de documentation sur la sécurité et de la direction d'organisations par le biais de processus de conformité à la sécurité, d'accréditation ou d'autorités d'exploitation des cycles de vie 10+ years of /implementation/consulting experience with Security, Compliance, and Risk Management including a mix of hands-on technical architecture work along with compliance and oversight. Expert knowledge and implementation experience of information security principles, policy enforcement, operating systems, web applications, and a high-level of familiarity with malicious code uses, OWASP Top 10, and common techniques used by hackers Hands-on experience with secure networking design concepts, services such as DNS, HTTPS, and TLS, as well as securing software-defined systems Demonstrated experience in designing architectures to meet security and compliance requirements for Canadian public sector entities Experience building Security documentation packages and leading organizations through Security compliance processes, accreditation, and/or Authority to Operate lifecycles. English version to follow* Expérience pratique des architectures de sécurité cloud Certification AWS Professional, possibilité d'obtenir une certification de niveau professionnel dans les trois mois suivant l'embauche. Expérience de la gestion des implications de sécurité des migrations cloud Expérience de la conception de postures de sécurité pour les applications cloud natives Expérience dans la conception et la mise en œuvre de contrôles de sécurité Expérience en programmation / scripting: (ex. Java, ASP.Net, Perl, Python, Ruby, scripts Shell, etc.) Expérience de l'activité d'audit technique pour garantir la conformité aux politiques de sécurité et aux autres normes de l'industrie (par exemple NIST, ITSG-33, SOC1 / SOC2) Hands on experience with Cloud security architectures AWS Professional certification, ability to get certified at Professional level within three months of hire. Experience with managing the security implications of cloud migrations Experience designing security postures for Cloud native applications Experience in the design and implementation of security controls Experience in programming/scripting: (ex. Java, ASP.Net, Perl, Python, Ruby, Shell scripting, etc) Experience with technical audit activity to ensure compliance with security policies and other industry standards (e.g. NIST, ITSG-33, SOC1/SOC2) 
ScrapedJobID725:
You will be responsible technical and administration knowledge with Splunk cloud console including access administration, and oversight on Splunk cloud capacity management, asset coverage and application integrations. To support this mandate, you will work with technology and infrastructure leaders, managed security and threat intelligence service providers to develop, automate, maintain and evolve Splunk Security Information and Event Management solution playbooks and reporting modules Provide overall support for a distributed Splunk environment consisting of heavy forwarders, indexers, and search head servers, spanning security, performance, and operational roles. Familiar with recognizing and onboarding new data sources into Splunk, analyzing the data and trends, and creation of dashboard/reports highlighting the key trends of the data. Participate in new log source ingestion/integration, use case development discussions and provide subject matter expert input. Interface with Enterprise monitoring team to support/manage Splunk aggregation and deployment servers Understanding of asset management via CMDB and correlation with reporting on Splunk assets to continually improve security logging coverage/alerting Knowledge of SIEM or Splunk alerting and monitoring tools, demonstrating technical troubleshooting expertise and operations experience. Understating of enterprise server and virtualized infrastructure hardware, Cloud operations including GCP, Azure, Oracle Good working knowledge of and direct prior experience with enterprise security technologies:
Enterprise platforms:
Server platforms (Unix/Linux, Windows etc.)
Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare) Enterprise platforms:
Server platforms (Unix/Linux, Windows etc.)
Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare) Server platforms (Unix/Linux, Windows etc.) Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare) Knowledge of Splunk Security Information and Event Management and a dministration and console or any other SIEM tools including access administration, SAAS capacity management Knowledge of IT automation and orchestration, integration of IT tools and technologies utilizing tools like Phantom, Demisto other SOAR tools. Information Security Certifications is an asset Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID726:
Participate in planning tasks and supporting team leaders in coordination of activities Design and implement solutions for endpoint management that meet client requirements and reflect industry best practices Support implemented solutions and technologies exceeding our clients expectations for stability and performance Performing documented unit tests on solutions utilizing team methods and procedures Document client requirements Advanced knowledge and technical experience with Windows 10 In depth experience and knowledged in Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager (MECM / SCCM) Understanding of Windows 10 new features and industry best practice processes Excellent communication skills in English and/or French, speaking and writing Aptitude for application and system level support, migration, deployment activities Independent worker that requires little supervision beyond initial scope expectation and transfer of requirement Experience in one or more imaging tools (ex: Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT), PXE) Experience in one or more scripting tools (ex: Batch, PowerShell, WMI, SQL) High level knowledge of scripting to automate application silent installation High level knowledge of new and emerging enterprise technologies (ex: Azure, Intune, Windows Analytics, Autopilot, Windows Virtural Desktop (WVD)) Participation in conference calls and presentations to internal and external participants Technical Expertise - Involves demonstrating a commitment to increasing knowledge and skills in current technical/functional area, keeping up to date on technical developments, staying informed as to industry practices, knowing how to apply relevant technical processes to appropriate business needs Teamwork - Involves working well in a collaborative setting, supporting work team by volunteering for and completing assignments, acting as a positive team member by contributing to discussions, developing and maintaining both formal and informal relationships enterprise-wide, defines success in terms of the entire team Problem Solving - Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions, can see hidden problems, is excellent at analysis, looks beyond the obvious and doesn’t stop at the first answer Flexibility - Is open to change, enjoys the challenge of unfamiliar tasks, anticipates and adjusts to problems and roadblocks Task Management - Delivers quality work on time, translates planning into action by following applicable established procedures or methodogies, appropriately communicates and resolved or escalates any problems that arise Communication - Has a good level of communication to establish good relations with the client in meetings, incident management and any other relationship involving the client Dedication - Involves dedicating the time and energy required to accomplish the objective. Will do what it takes to get things done Post-secondary diploma with a focus on Information Technology / Communications, or equivalent 5+ years of Windows endpoint administration experience SCCM SCCM - Imaging 
ScrapedJobID727:
Educational Background in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Networking, Information Systems, or equivalent education or work experience 5+ years of technical experience in Cloud, Security, Network and/or IT Public Cloud Stacks (AWS, GCP, MSAZ) Good knowledge of Public Cloud Networking (AWS, Azure and/or GCP) Demonstrated experience in a TELCO world (Wireless & Wireline) Understanding of CDN technologies and communications protocols Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Experience developing edge-services solutions Understanding of application, server, and network security and compliance requirements Knowledge and experience with perimeter security Good knowledge of Networking (BGP, ISIS, Segment Routing, EVPN, MPLS, etc.)﻿ Strong aptitude to recognize opportunities for improvement in day-to-day work and take appropriate actions Bilingual - French/English Experience in using or administering CI/CD tooling (e.g. Gitlab Pipeline) Experience in automation tools such as Terraform, ARM Templates, CloudFormation, GCP Templates Experience with Infrastructure-as-code methodology and operation Experience in source code management and version control systems like Git Experience in building network infrastructure in Public Cloud Experience in operating Public Cloud network infrastructure, including inbound/outbound (inter & intra region) traffic optimization Previous experience in an area of software development or automation Proven ability to deliver on a portfolio, of a large and complex nature, while leveraging lean agile methodologies Ability to effectively negotiate and positively influence decision-making with business partners to drive change An outside-of-box thinker, who is extremely resourceful, with a desire to continue to self-educate and learn to push the traditional boundaries Workplace culture enthusiast who promotes fun, inclusion, and a continuous-learning environment Work hours are Monday - Friday, 37.5 hours/week Ability to Support for Business Escalations (24x7) Location: Montreal, QC, 
ScrapedJobID728:
You will be learning a new and exciting industry full of challenges and opportunities for innovation You will help the company grow to the next level A fun and dynamic working environment A ‘wear pretty much whatever you want as long as it’s not fishnet’ dress code Foosball tournaments and video games - bring your A game Bagels every Friday and an endless supply of caffeine Regular Social Outings – because we believe in play just as much as hard work Design, implement and manage security systems across the organization’s private and cloud network (AWS, Azure). Protecting system boundaries (internal or external) Guard computer systems and network devices against attacks Secure highly sensitive data appropriately Auditing security processes and submitting comprehensive reports on findings Engage in system maintenance, troubleshooting and day-to-day activities for network and security solutions. Research new security related technologies and provide recommendations for ongoing improvement to the organization’s security infrastructure Produce reports of any security incidents Ability to lead analyzing, reporting and solving security incidents Maintain skillsets and knowledge of industry best practices, required to obtain minimum one (1) relevant industry certification per year as agreed upon with Manager. Perform monitoring and administration of systems in production Available for support calls 24/7 in case of disaster and incident emergencies Bilingual in English and French (oral / written). College Diploma or University Degree in Information Security or relevant security up-to-date 3-5 years of experience in network security field. Knowledge in computer networking; VLAN, WAN, LAN, Routers, Switches, Access Points, Firewalls, etc. Asset: familiarity with Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, NIST, COBIT, and/or ISO IT security standards Certifications specializing in IT security and network technologies. Experience in conceptualizing (systems architecture), building (implementing), and maintaining (documenting and maintaining up to date) security systems Detailed knowledge of databases, server operating systems, security solutions and appliances (MS SQL Server, Windows Server, SIEM, DLP, Identity Management/Federation and SSO) Experience with the following firewall systems: Cisco ASA Experience in working with network monitoring tools Project management skills and ability to deliver, whether as lead, or participant Security threat and attack countermeasures Ability to conduct forensic analytical studies and investigations Holding certifications from the following are an asset:
Microsoft MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate), or higher (MCSE)
CompTIA Security+, or higher (CySa+)
ISC2 CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional)
ISC2 CCSP (Certified Cloud Security Professional)
Cisco CCNA Security (Cisco Certified Network Associate Security) or higher (CCNP)
EC Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Microsoft MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate), or higher (MCSE) CompTIA Security+, or higher (CySa+) ISC2 CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) ISC2 CCSP (Certified Cloud Security Professional) Cisco CCNA Security (Cisco Certified Network Associate Security) or higher (CCNP) EC Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Vous découvrirez une industrie passionnante pleine de défis et d'opportunités pour l'innovation Vous aiderez l’entreprise à grandir Un environnement de travail amusant et dynamique Un code vestimentaire décontracté Des tournois « baby-foot » et de jeux vidéo (faites nous découvrir votre jeu) Des bagels à chaque vendredi et un approvisionnement illimité de caféine Des sorties sociales régulières : nous travaillons fort mais nous nous amusons aussi! Concevoir, implémenter et gérer des systèmes de sécurité à travers le réseau privé et cloud (AWS, Azure) de l'organisation. Protéger les limites du système (interne ou externe) Protéger les systèmes informatiques et les périphériques réseau contre les attaques Sécuriser les données hautement sensibles de manière appropriée Auditer les processus de sécurité et soumettre de rapports détaillés sur les résultats Participer à la maintenance du système, au dépannage et aux activités quotidiennes pour les solutions de réseaux et de sécurité. Rechercher des nouvelles technologies liées à la sécurité et fournir des recommandations pour l'amélioration continue de l'infrastructure de sécurité de l'organisation Produire des rapports sur tout incident de sécurité Diriger l'analyse, le signalement et la résolution d'incidents de sécurité Maintenir les compétences et la connaissance des meilleures pratiques de l'industrie, nécessaires pour obtenir au moins une (1) certification de l'industrie par an, comme convenu avec le gestionnaire. Effectuer la surveillance et l'administration des systèmes en production Participer aux appels d'assistance 24/7 en cas de catastrophe et d'urgence Bilingue en anglais et français (oral / écrit) Diplôme d'études collégiales ou universitaire en sécurité de l'information ou sécurité pertinente à jour Certificats et / ou expérience professionnelle équivalente 3-5 ans d'expérience dans le domaine de la sécurité des réseaux Connaissance des réseaux informatiques; VLAN, WAN, LAN, routeurs, commutateurs, points d'accès, pare-feu, etc. Atout: connaissance de la conformité Sarbanes-Oxley, des normes de sécurité informatique NIST, COBIT et / ou ISO Certifications spécialisées en sécurité informatique et technologies réseaux Expérience en conceptualisation (architecture de systèmes), en construction (mise en œuvre) et en maintenance (documentation et maintenance à jour) de systèmes de sécurité Connaissance détaillée des bases de données, des systèmes d'exploitation de serveur, des solutions et de sécurité (MS SQL Server, Windows Server, SIEM, DLP, Identity Management / Federation et SSO) Expérience avec les systèmes de pare-feu suivants: Cisco ASA Expérience de travail avec des outils de surveillance de réseaux Compétences en gestion de projet et capacité à livrer, que ce soit en tant que chef de file ou participant Contre-mesures contre les menaces et les attaques contre la sécurité Capacité à mener des études et des enquêtes légales Détenir les certifications suivantes est un atout:
Microsoft MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate) ou supérieur (MCSE)
CompTIA Security + ou supérieur (CySa +)
ISC2 CISSP (Professionnel certifié de la sécurité des systèmes d'information)
ISC2 CCSP (Certified Cloud Security Professional)
Cisco CCNA Security (Cisco Certified Network Associate Security) ou supérieur (CCNP)
Hacker éthique certifié CE (CEH) Microsoft MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate) ou supérieur (MCSE) CompTIA Security + ou supérieur (CySa +) ISC2 CISSP (Professionnel certifié de la sécurité des systèmes d'information) ISC2 CCSP (Certified Cloud Security Professional) Cisco CCNA Security (Cisco Certified Network Associate Security) ou supérieur (CCNP) Hacker éthique certifié CE (CEH) Dans ce texte, le masculin englobe les deux genres et est utilisé pour alléger le texte. 
ScrapedJobID729:
Participate in planning, implementation, and growth of the cloud infrastructure on various Cloud platforms – AWS, Azure, GCP etc Work with various internal IS, IT and SE Teams to understand and implement their target cloud architecture needs Working in close collaboration with IS Cloud Architect - Implement detailed-level cloud infrastructure architecture designs Executes and supervises project integration tasks by performing installation, configuration, and documentation according to the architectural design provided using:
Advanced CI CD Techniques
Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
Configuration as Code (CaC) Advanced CI CD Techniques Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Configuration as Code (CaC) Lead & Coordinate infrastructure requests for change (RFC) various IS activities including impact analysis, scheduling, approvals, backout plan, post implementation reports Participate in conducting gap analysis between the existing infrastructure and the infrastructure required to support cloud solutions Lead & coordinate the resolution of any Cloud Infrastructure issues throughout the lifecycle of a project Leads & Coordinate Operationalization activities with various, IS, IT, SE & DevOps Teams Engage with technical stakeholders, such as Project Managers, Product Owners, Scrum Masters, IT Security & ISM Present to the architecture peer review board to gain approval of operationalization of solution, and to ensure that decisions are made with the overall best interest of the enterprise vision in mind Minimum 2 years Cloud, Minimum 5 years IT and or IS 3-5+ years' experience, implementing, executing and supporting IT cloud solutions. – AWS, Azure, GCP etc 3-5+ years' experience implementing, executing and supporting foundational cloud services - networking, security, account/organizations, logging & monitoring, identity access management, etc Ability to provide best practice guidance on the architectural design across multiple applications and projects of the enterprise Experience designing and building AWS Services such as EC2, S3, ELB, RDS, etc. Experience with DevOps tools in a cloud environment Experience with CI/CD and automated delivery systems Experience working in AWS via the CLI and management console. Knowledge and experience architecting and configuring Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) Experience implementing infrastructure as code using Terraform Experience implementing cloud controls, security, and audit services Knowledge of Cloud integration best practices Ability to identify issues and recognize deviations from accepted practices and processes Experience with data warehouse management principles a plus Cloud certification(s) a plus – AWS, Azure, GCP Literacy with Agile practices and tools such as Jira, Kanban, etc. A team player capable of high performance, flexibility in a dynamic working environment, and the ability to lead Skill and ability to train others on technical and procedural topics Ability to create and deliver effective presentations and briefings to key stakeholders – IS Team, SE & DevOps Teams, IT senior management & executives Experience communicating complex technical information to diverse audiences in varied written and verbal formats Bilingual (French, English) An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID730:
UNMA-06 level: $80,746 - $93,951 per year UNMA-07 level: $91,585 - $106,240 per year A University degree* in a field related to the position, such as (but not limited to) Computer Science or Computer Engineering. A college diploma* in a field related to the position. An acceptable combination of education and experience relevant to the position. The educational program must be recognized in Canada and you must be able to provide proof of education credentials. Students graduating within the next twelve (12) months are eligible to apply. System administration which may include, but not limited to operating systems, software, server, storage, and appliance administration in a networked environment. Desktop administration which may include but not limited to, all aspects of endpoint computing/deskside computing, operating systems and peripherals in a networked environment. IT User Support / Help Desk Infrastructure / Platforms Knowledge of Information Technology Cognitive Thinking Skills Working in a Team Interactive Communication Achieving Results Change and Innovation Experience working with and/or supporting Cloud infrastructure and virtualization technologies (such as VMWare, OpenStack or Hyper-V). Experience with IT Automation and Orchestration (such as Docker, Kubernetes, scripting, Puppet and/or Ansible). Experience networking in a data center environment including, IP networking, cabling, switch, and firewall configuration. Experience configuring and supporting storage systems. Experience interacting with clients to resolve incidents or implement changes with respect to enterprise systems. Experience with system administration of Linux or Windows operating systems on enterprise infrastructure or desktop environments and peripherals. Experience in preparing, implementing and supporting desktop systems including system imaging, deploying and patching. Experience working in aspects of Cyber Security. Experience writing and maintaining scripts in Bash or Python or Powershell. Experience with Unified Communication (VTC, VoIP, SIP etc.). Experience with working with /administration of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI). IT Service Management Processes System Integration Telecommunications (Data and Voice) Networks Project Management Service Integrity, Respect and Awareness security interview polygraph test psychological assessment background investigation covering a minimum of your last 10 years history, including credit and financial verifications. The process will be conducted in the official language of your choice. A test will be administered to candidates who successfully pass the application review. It will be used as a screening tool. Make sure to check your spam/junk mailbox regularly for notification of the test. Interview(s) will follow for candidates who are successful on the test. References (2 supervisors) will be requested from candidates who successfully complete the interview stage. Candidates will be required to complete the security process as part of the global assessment. More information regarding this process can be found on CSE's website. 
ScrapedJobID731:
Strong understanding of object-oriented design, data structures, and algorithms Solid software development experience in Java or other OO languages Experience with testing/using REST APIs, git, gerrit, Jira, Confluence Exposure to the ELK stack Experience using Linux and Windows; exposure to network security A small group of highly talented developers on a highly successful, server-based malware intrusion system Collaborate on state-of-the-art cloud native software with the world’s biggest communication service providers Develop software in a close-knit team aiming to provide efficient network security solutions Writing code for a real product! 
ScrapedJobID732:
Security Practice / Client Leadership:
Lead EPAM Security Consulting function in USA or USA regions
Build and deploy team of senior customer facing, Security Strategy and Transformation consultants, engaging C-Suite customers to expand EPAM Security business and promote EPAM Security brand in the region
Consult C-Suite stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship
Drive Security Consulting growth, go-to-market strategy and service offerings in USA
Be public face of EPAM Security Consulting in the region. Including thought leadership, participation in relevant industry bodies and industry events
Serve as an expert consultant leading Security programs and producing relevant deliverables
Stay abreast of current and emerging trends, unique opportunities and challenges of the space/markets and geographies in which the clients operate, and how it affects clients’ business and initiatives
Consult VP and C-level stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship
Lead and challenge team members and customers to create great strategies and solutions
Map customer vision & requirements to specific security products and security solutions
Act as a change agent and work to remove business, technical and political roadblocks
Mentor and coach clients and team members to enhance their ability to deliver on the agreed Security strategy
Ensure the strategy is actionable and well documented for a clean handover to implementation
Align with EPAM Account Managers and Senior Leadership to co-develop / support account plans and strategies for delivery, growth, and client satisfaction
Understand the intersection between technology, customers, and business Lead EPAM Security Consulting function in USA or USA regions Build and deploy team of senior customer facing, Security Strategy and Transformation consultants, engaging C-Suite customers to expand EPAM Security business and promote EPAM Security brand in the region Consult C-Suite stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship Drive Security Consulting growth, go-to-market strategy and service offerings in USA Be public face of EPAM Security Consulting in the region. Including thought leadership, participation in relevant industry bodies and industry events Serve as an expert consultant leading Security programs and producing relevant deliverables Stay abreast of current and emerging trends, unique opportunities and challenges of the space/markets and geographies in which the clients operate, and how it affects clients’ business and initiatives Consult VP and C-level stakeholders on security solutions and enterprise security programs and manage the relationship Lead and challenge team members and customers to create great strategies and solutions Map customer vision & requirements to specific security products and security solutions Act as a change agent and work to remove business, technical and political roadblocks Mentor and coach clients and team members to enhance their ability to deliver on the agreed Security strategy Ensure the strategy is actionable and well documented for a clean handover to implementation Align with EPAM Account Managers and Senior Leadership to co-develop / support account plans and strategies for delivery, growth, and client satisfaction Understand the intersection between technology, customers, and business Security Solution Delivery:
Define or drive maturity of Information Security Management Systems and Security Roadmaps for large enterprises
Scope and price engagements, establishing optimal operating models and project team organization, and leading the transition from the sales process to the delivery phase
Define Security Programs for overall Information Security Systems and following domains
Cloud Security, Application Security, Identity & Access Management (and related), Threat & Vulnerability Management, MDM/MAM, Data protection, Security Operations Center, Security Testing, Etc
You will conduct Security assessments for enterprises, for cloud/hybrid workloads
You will orchestrate discovery process together with Security Architects
Lead practice development, creating and orchestrating transformation and product solutions, teams, strategic roadmaps, and continuous improvement/optimization programs Define or drive maturity of Information Security Management Systems and Security Roadmaps for large enterprises Scope and price engagements, establishing optimal operating models and project team organization, and leading the transition from the sales process to the delivery phase Define Security Programs for overall Information Security Systems and following domains Cloud Security, Application Security, Identity & Access Management (and related), Threat & Vulnerability Management, MDM/MAM, Data protection, Security Operations Center, Security Testing, Etc You will conduct Security assessments for enterprises, for cloud/hybrid workloads You will orchestrate discovery process together with Security Architects Lead practice development, creating and orchestrating transformation and product solutions, teams, strategic roadmaps, and continuous improvement/optimization programs Relationship Management:
Establish and cultivate strong relationships with clients at senior levels as well as external and internal partners to maximize growth within an account/client portfolio
Develop effective relationships with key internal executives, BU heads, Account Managers, Solution SME’s, Sales and Delivery Leaders Establish and cultivate strong relationships with clients at senior levels as well as external and internal partners to maximize growth within an account/client portfolio Develop effective relationships with key internal executives, BU heads, Account Managers, Solution SME’s, Sales and Delivery Leaders Drive Growth:
Own PnL of Security Consultancy in USA, ensure productive deployment of consulting team
Drive Security revenue within the client / account portfolio by identifying opportunities and influence / sell-in EPAM services
Work with Sales and Account Management team proactively to develop Security Practice aligned account development plans
Align with EPAM BU’s goals and objectives, support company financial goals by achieving Security revenue targets
Support sales / pre-sales activities by assessing Security opportunities, responding to RFP’s, creating proposals and presentations, establishing relationships with clients and prospective clients, and helping to close / sign new deals
Feed the beast – leverage consulting initiatives and projects to develop significant pipeline of software development and IT services business for AWS, Azure and GCP practices Own PnL of Security Consultancy in USA, ensure productive deployment of consulting team Drive Security revenue within the client / account portfolio by identifying opportunities and influence / sell-in EPAM services Work with Sales and Account Management team proactively to develop Security Practice aligned account development plans Align with EPAM BU’s goals and objectives, support company financial goals by achieving Security revenue targets Support sales / pre-sales activities by assessing Security opportunities, responding to RFP’s, creating proposals and presentations, establishing relationships with clients and prospective clients, and helping to close / sign new deals Feed the beast – leverage consulting initiatives and projects to develop significant pipeline of software development and IT services business for AWS, Azure and GCP practices Your performance scorecard will include:
Impact on Client Value and Business Growth – achieve target revenue goals
Impact on Operating the Business – achieve target billable utilization and account margin
Impact on Our People and Team(s) - contribute to EPAM and Data Practice people initiatives Impact on Client Value and Business Growth – achieve target revenue goals Impact on Operating the Business – achieve target billable utilization and account margin Impact on Our People and Team(s) - contribute to EPAM and Data Practice people initiatives More than 8-10 years of demonstrated success in developing and growing client relationships and leading teams delivering security solutions Has extensive abilities for dealing with security programs and transformation in multi-cloud systems, hybrid infrastructures, containers, microservices, modern stacks Good understanding of industry standards (NIST SP 800-53/ISO 27001/PCI DSS; HIPAA, HITRUST, GDPR, etc.) from compliance and technical perspective Experience successfully implementing any Information Security systems and Enterprise Security programs in some of the following domains: Cloud security, Application Security, Identity & Access Management (and related), Threat & Vulnerability Management, MDM/MAM, Data protection, Security Operations Center, Security Testing Experience successfully delivering security service-oriented projects Experience with security assessments Desire to learn & expand your comfort zone whenever a new technological trend in Securty space arises Strong problem solver and creative thinker with gravitas Ability to operate at the strategic level, yet being close enough to the details to add value to clients and be a real support to your team Ability to manage an all-star team of senior consultants, balancing operational independence with the need to align to EPAM corporate Security Practice strategy and support company goals Exceptional leadership/management skills and superb oral and written communication, with seasoned presentation skills Strong interpersonal and communication skills Track record of leading teams Proven ability to manage client engagements under high stress to successful completion Sound business acumen; strategic skills; common sense Effectively manages up and down Strong negotiation skills Bachelors degree or higher Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts 
ScrapedJobID733:

ScrapedJobID734:

ScrapedJobID735:
Deployment, automation, management, and maintenance of AWS cloud-based production system. Ensuring availability, performance, security, and scalability of AWS production systems. Management of creation, release, and configuration of production systems. Providing System troubleshooting and problem resolution across various application domains and platforms. Provision of critical system security by leveraging best practices and prolific cloud security solutions. Designing, maintenance and management of tools for automation of different operational processes. Must be able to work within tight deadlines and schedules which may result in external work hours to meet project deliverables. 5+ years of hands-on experience of programming in languages such as Python, Ruby, Java web development technologies Experience with automating cloud native technologies, deploying applications, and provisioning infrastructure. Hands-on experience with Infrastructure as Code. Experience implementing and designing cloud native security concepts, DevSecOps, or MLOps. Experience developing cloud native CI/CD workflows and tools, such as Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity, Code Deploy (AWS) and/or GitLab. Hands-on experience with microservices and distributed application architecture, such as containers, Kubernetes, and/or serverless technology. Experience with the full software development lifecycle and delivery using Agile practices. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewall. Experience with monitoring and log aggregating frameworks such as Kafka, Logstash, Splunk, ElastiSearch, and Kibana. Relevant post-secondary education or equivalent working experience. Experience in supporting applications in a high volume, online transaction processing, 24x7 environment. Knowledge of and experience with SDLC and Agile methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID736:
Build and maintain the best-in-class GRC services in alignment with organization goals Evaluate, optimize and manage security procedures and controls Maintain compliance, including performing periodic self-assessments/audits to confirm adherence to internal policies, compliance goals, and industry standard methodologies Lead our security training programs for employees Supervise employee compliance with security policies to make sure private data stays private employee data and intellectual property safe and secure Manage external audits of controls and environments Assist with security risk assessments across the organization, conduct vendor security risk assessments Work cross functionally to supervise remediation security control gaps, including documenting and communicating findings with partners Coordinate and manage responses to customer security questionnaires Lead, manage, track and report project status Strong analytical leadership Excellent communication practices Comfortable writing and managing large technical documents, translating technical concepts into clear terms Ability to work easily across every department in the company Ability to manage customer demands and work with internal partners to solve them Experience with SaaS, infrastructure and modern distributed systems Demonstrated ability to lead multiple, complex projects simultaneously Technical proficiency about CircleCI's product, customer needs and audit requirements Demonstrated GRC experience in fast paced/start-up environment Experience achieving/maintaining compliance for Federal SaaS systems for one of the following: FedRAMP, FISMA, HIPAA, CMS, and DISA Experience implementing FedRAMP, NIST 800-53, NIST 800-171 and CMMC for SaaS systems/ company Demonstrated ability to create and maintain System Security Plan (SSP), Plan of Actions & Milestones (POA&M), Security Assessment Plan (SAP), Information Security Risk Assessment (ISRA), Interconnection Systems Agreement (ISA), etc Background with Security / GRC in a Cloud/ SaaS environment that uses AWS, GitHub, Google & Salesforce Excellent problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills History of project managing company-wide rollout of new technology and security operations Vendor management experience 
ScrapedJobID737:
Work with business stakeholders and third-party vendors to manage current & future infrastructure requirements. Evaluate & recommend corporate information systems technology solutions, oversee projects to enhance technology platforms ensuring the availability compliance to service level agreements. Executes the initiatives to provide cost-effective strategies to eliminate redundancies, inefficiencies, and lower costs while keeping scalability, robustness, security, continuity of business and disaster recovery with stakeholders in top of mind. Serve as Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Privacy Officer while establishing internal controls over information systems that meet the requirements of ISO27001 and the standards and principles of SOC2. Work towards establishing technology infrastructure to achieve total system integration, monitor system health/availability. Implement an enterprise-wide information security plan that protects the confidentiality, integrity, availability of the company’s data and servers. Negotiate and manage vendor relationships including establishing a process for evaluating new and existing vendors, to ensure services delivered meet the required business value objectives, IT and security standards. Establish standards, policies, and procedures with relation to Information Technology. Responsible for the preparation and managing of the capital and operating budgets. Responsible for enterprise-wide disaster recovery and business continuity plans, providing reports and communication on all IT Infrastructure and Security related activities. Manage a customer service helpdesk. A bachelor’s degree in information systems or computer science engineering or related field is required 9+ years of work experience is required in IT infrastructure, information security, IT governance, risk and compliance, application & network security and experience in the operation and support of a wide range of networked end user computing technologies. Strong working knowledge of server management, server virtualization (VMWare, Windows Virtual Devices), SAN & related technologies, Cloud (Azure) farm management, server monitoring tools, Power shell, automated scripting, network security infrastructure Expertise in Cloud & cybersecurity, security architecture, identify & access management, high availability & disaster recovery architecture, communication technologies including VOIP & video conferencing, VLAN. Previous experience implementing ISO27001 and/or SOC2, PCI compliance standards and managing internal and external audit of such standards. Knowledge of Network Security infrastructure (Firewalls, Proxy Servers, VPN concentrators), network problem analysis, information security management frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, and NIST. Excellent problem-solving, organizational, analytical, and time-management skills Leadership, supervisory and management training/skills are required. Professional security management certification would a big plus. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) server management: 6 years (preferred) Information Technology infrastructure: 9 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID738:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field 8+ years of IT and security experience Experience in the field of security at least 5 years in the following areas: security engineering, incident handling, vulnerability analysis, threat management, In-depth knowledge of Azure/AWS Cloud and other public and private cloud infrastructure is required To develop and maintain the information security policy and accompanying standards, procedures and guidance Research and stay informed of potential information security threats, breaches, industry trends, emerging technologies, and response alternatives Conduct research and provide insight to identify, assess, and deploy security technology solutions and partners including but not limited to encryption, firewalls, authorization, authentication, intrusion detection, and gateway security controls To develop and deliver a programme of planned compliance reviews and ensure any gaps are addressed Engage in regular assessment of the current IT security environment to identify cybersecurity gaps in systems, processes and controls and evaluate the potential risk exposure Work with IT management to develop opportunities for improvement Architect, configure, manage and deploy devices including firewalls, IPS and IDS to improve our ability to prevent and detect intrusions in real-time Monitor and proactively recommend solutions for correcting issues related to security technology performance and capabilities of vendors Collaborate on critical technology projects to ensure that security issues are addressed throughout the project life cycle Develop and implement recommendations for security technology solutions, which may include technology for encryption, firewalls, authorization, authentication, intrusion, detection, and gateway security controls Work in an advisory role in application development or acquisition projects to assess security requirements and implement controls as planned Perform day-to-day security log review and analysis in adherence with company requirements and industry security best practices Do static scanning (code, open source libraries) and dynamic scanning The log reviews include: operating systems, databases, applications, networks and security applications Work with auditors to demonstrate processes and ensure appropriate levels of access are applied throughout the information lifecycle Lead the design, development, and delivery of security training programs and individual classes Knowledge of trends and developments in technology relating to security and risk management Strong understanding of information security controls, risks and threats Strong knowledge of enterprise security technologies, e.g., Virtual Private Network (VPN), Encryption, Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention, and Anti-Virus Working knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Linux, VMWare Server, and other enterprise-wide applications Knowledge of information security standards (ISO, SOC), data privacy laws, computer crime laws, and federal data protection laws, etc Knowledge of vulnerability analysis tools, OWASP Zap, Veracode, Qualys, Sonarqube, Burp Suite, etc Knowledge of information security audit and assessment methodologies, policies, standards, procedures and best practices Ability to conduct risk management assessments; provide assistance in identification, prioritization and remediation of information systems vulnerabilities Strong technical depth and passion for security Ability to understand the company’s general business functions, and have a conceptual understanding of each division’s/department’s activities Experience working with 3rd party vendors and service providers Excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills. Ability to convey technology concepts in a way that is easy for non-technical people to understand Strong learning, problem-solving and analytical skills Consistently demonstrates a high level of integrity and professionalism Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines Ability to lead and deliver change and contribute to culture change successfully 
ScrapedJobID739:
Enterprise IT Governance Systems Design IT Management Business Risk Management Emerging Technology Monitoring Change Implementation Planning and Management Performance Management Information Systems Coordination Relationship Management Information Security Enterprise and Business Architecture Relationship Management Leads the implementation of the Region’s cyber security program, the development and implementation of information technology and information management security policies, standards, and procedures. Leads the development and delivery of awareness and training concerning information security, which includes developing strategic and tactical plans, implementing the various means of heightening awareness, monitoring, and evaluating and revising or developing alternative or additional approaches. Leads the development and implementation of the Region’s IT incident response program. Develop and implement an ongoing risk assessment program targeting electronic information security and privacy matters; recommend methods for vulnerability detection and remediation, and oversee vulnerability testing. Develops and maintains the processes involved in managing risks. Regularly facilitates reviews to assess the state of identified risk; develops preventative measures to mitigate risk. Responsible for addressing compliance and risk management, reporting to the Region’s senior management on the state of compliance, potential risks, and mitigation strategy. Performs vulnerability assessment of IT systems using industry best practices. Ensures the enforcement of IT security policies across the Region, including Information Technology. Ensures security of enterprise information systems by evaluating Regional and IT strategies and requirements, analyzing vulnerabilities and risk, planning, and implementation of strategic initiatives. Evaluates the IT and Regional strategic plans and ensures that security technology/information management protocols are defined and applied. Provides Information Technology and Regional departments/divisions with security-related consulting services on technology and information management and offering insights or advice on best industry practices. Works in collaboration with IT and other Regional staff, identifies and implements approved tools and resources to monitor the use of technology and identify technology and/or information-related security breaches or misuse. Serves as an active member of security related industry workgroups/committees. Contributes subject matter advice and recommendations on the Region’s Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP). Performs other duties as assigned. We appreciate all applications however only those selected to advance in the selection process will be contacted. Candidates will be contacted by email and/or phone. Please check your email and voicemail regularly. We are committed to providing accommodation throughout the selection process. If you require accommodation please notify us and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
ScrapedJobID740:
Manage our MDM platform (Jamf), user management (G Suite), password and security management, as well as other SaaS services related to daily operations. Set up workstations with laptops and necessary peripheral devices (Apple products). Check computer hardware (monitors, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality. Install, configure and maintain appropriate applications and functions according to specifications and security requirements. Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer systems. Onboard new employees and provide continuous support on how to operate software and equipment as needed. Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance, including arranging laptops to send for repairs through our authorized service providers. Maintain a list of hardware and computer equipment while keeping track of shortages and placing orders. Respond to troubleshooting requests through systems (Jira and Slack). Work with other departments and vendors to help innovate solutions tailored to business practice. Be able to work independently and with fast-pace projects. Do regular audits to ensure compliance and functionality. Create new solutions to improve system infrastructure with in-depth proposals and product knowledge. The experience. You have 1+ years hands-on experience as an IT Specialist or relevant position. You have insights and opinions on the best tools, approaches and techniques to implement. You have experience troubleshooting hardware and software issues and working with both technical and non-technical teams and customers. The technical skills. You have experience and understand of: MDM platforms Cloud user management such as G Suite and AWS Various operating systems. While we mainly use MacOS it would be beneficial to have an understanding of Linux and Microsoft Windows Internet security and data privacy principles The communication skills. You can effectively translate technical to non-technical. You have outstanding verbal, written and interpersonal skills. The desire to learn and curiosity. You can quickly adopt new technologies and respond to change by adapting. You are interested in expanding your skills in IT within a rapidly growing startup. You are curious and want to know how things work, and you love making sure solutions you propose are the right fit and will work. A team player. You are able to work independently and collaboratively with a team on specific projects. You take ownership and initiative while being open to learning and feedback from peers.* Compliance and IT Security best practices AV systems, VOIP technologies and network topologies Scripting in Bash or Java Join a team of bright, humble and diverse individuals that value and support continued learning and skill development. Make an impact at a product-led organization that is simplifying the lives of real people and solving problems our society has faced for generations. It's a chance to make meaningful contributions and expand your career at a growing company. Enjoy our company-wide Friday socials, team building events and lively Slack channels to get to know your teammates both as coworkers as well as individuals. Be supported by a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision plans for you and your family, EAP program and parental leave top-up and more. Find work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid vacation and flex days. Enjoy working from the comfort of your home and create an ergonomic, productive and fulfilling home office. A generous budget for essential equipment will be offered during on-boarding to set you up for success! Daylight is hiring, on-boarding and working 100% remotely for the time being in order to keep our employees and candidates safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Benefits and perks listed above may change over time as the company grows and evolves. Application reviewed by a human being (please note that this process takes time as our approach is truly intentional and inclusive) Phone Screen with a Talent Acquisition Specialist Remote Interview with Director of Technical Operations and Sr. Governance and ERM Specialist Remote Interview with IT Specialist 
ScrapedJobID741:

ScrapedJobID742:
End to end design, delivery and documentation of innovative networking solutions Act as an escalation point for all networking issues as required Assist the Sales team with developing Statements of Work and proposals including solution overviews, consulting estimates, hardware requirements, software/license requirements Participate in client meetings in order to help sell ITW products and solutions Spearhead research & development (R&D) initiatives Provide input for the future of the technology practice (evaluating vendors, products, solutions, etc.) Complete weekly timesheets An SME in networking, who maintains their level of expertise by participating in trainings and maintaining certifications Supportive team player with a strong team-first mentality and mentoring qualities Able to handle multiple assignments, manage priorities, and meet strict deadlines Organized and adaptable to varied and dynamic problems Highly motivated with unwavering integrity A strong communicator, with an ability to show empathy Implementation and design experience with Networking and Firewall technologies including (but not limited to): o Networking and Firewall Technology: Cisco Routers, Switches (Catalyst and Nexus), Fortinet & Cisco Firewalls o Private and Public cloud (Azure/AWS) multi-tenant networking (VRFs) o VLANs and dynamic routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, etc.) o SD-WAN: Fortinet, Cisco o Load balancing technology: Citrix ADC/NetScaler, Azure load balancer o Expertise with regards to protocol redistribution and metric manipulation o WAN and VPN technologies (MPLS, L2 WAN, DMVPN, IPSec VPN, etc) o Unified Communications and Managed Voice (Cisco) o Network monitoring systems (SNMP, Syslog, NCM, PRTG) o Python / PowerShell scripting o Microsoft Office Suite including Visio A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games College Diploma or Equivalent CCNA is preferred 
ScrapedJobID743:
Knowledge in IDS/IPS and Firewall Technologies to provide corrective action for escalations or incidents. Investigate and perform analysis of threat indicators for consumption in various security controls Conduct proactive threat research and perform corrective actions on Review security events looking for patterns and anomalies that are populated in a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system Require skills in data transformation and normalization where applicable for SIEM technologies Creation and tuning of correlation rules and playbooks Independently follow procedures to contain, analyze, and eradicate malicious activity Document all activities during an incident and providing leadership with status updates during the life cycle of the incident Produce and present reports to customers regarding CIOC services portfolio Assist with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incidents, and overall CIOC functions Communicate with clients and internal team members at all levels and across functional and organizational boundaries regarding security events and incidents Full understanding of Tier 1 responsibilities/duties and how the duties feed into Tier 2 Assist clients with security product implementation, onboarding and support University degree or college diploma in Computer Science or Information Technology or equivalent Two (2) years of job-related SOC experience Ability to obtain a Government of Canada security clearance of at least Level 1 Experience with IPS/EDR/WAF and SIEMs Experience in threat intelligence and advanced persistent threat analysis and hunting Experience with enterprise anti-virus solutions, virus outbreak management, and the ability to differentiate virus activity from directed attack patterns Knowledge and understanding of network architecture Strong knowledge of Windows and Linux OS Ability to react quickly, decisively, and deliberately in high stress situations Ability to communicate information to clients and stakeholders with strong verbal/written skills. Comfortable working within tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment Highly motivated individual with the ability to self-start, prioritize, multi-task and work in a team setting Multi-lingual is an asset 
ScrapedJobID744:
Provide risk management services, including assessment of technology risks Carrying out the audit work in an optimal fashion in compliance with deadlines and budgetary requirements outlined in the planning phase Documenting clear and concise audit evidence obtained during the execution of the audit and validate their relevance and quality of information Conducting analyses of control deficiencies noted during the course of the audit and their impact on financial data and the overall audit strategy Establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships internally with PwC teams and external clients Actively monitoring external trends in the areas of IT, remote access features, authentication mechanisms, threat/risk evaluations, intrusion tests and vulnerability evaluation while also acquiring knowledge on these topics Supporting Managers and Senior Managers in the planning of audits based on a careful assessment of risks and controls in compliance with PwC's auditing standards Working with existing processes/systems whilst making constructive suggestions for improvements Supporting development of more junior staff through on the job coaching An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives Hands on experience in IT Audit including full cycle risk assessments through all phases (planning, execution, and report-writing stages) Capable to review IT internal controls and risk Familiar with SOC 1 and 2 reporting Experience leading with frameworks such as ISO 27001, NIST, HITRUST, CIS, SOC 2, COSO, COBIT Proven ability to document processes, risks and controls, develop and execute testing programs, assess control design and operating effectiveness, and to provide recommendations for improvements Excellent knowledge of technology, IT practices and standards, infrastructure-related risks and controls in the areas of information security CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor) certification or equivalent considered an asset Demonstrated commitment to providing excellent client service, by building and maintaining productive relationships with both internal and external clients Foundational understanding of ERP environments (for example Oracle, SAP) Ability to maintain high standard to deliver projects/assignments on time Exposure to various data analytic tools (Tableau, Alteryx) Excellent communication, interpersonal and relationship management skills Bilingual proficiency in French and English considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID745:
Do you practice ethical security testing? Do you think of ways to circumvent rules? Do you cringe at news releases describing data breaches? Do you have a compelling desire to protect? CISSP, CSSLP, CEH, GSEC, GWAPT, OSCP or GIAC Security Software Programmer (.NET) are considered an asset Graduate Computer Science, Information Management, Engineering, or equivalent knowledge. Experience with security evaluation/analysis within a technical organization (security code reviews, providing risk assessments for vulnerabilities discovered, writing report findings etc.) Proven ability or knowledge of programming languages (C, C#,, and SQL) and web service technologies (XML, JSON, SOAP, and REST.) Familiarity with iOS and Android Experience in shell scripting using Perl, Python or Ruby Strong knowledge and ability to work with Windows Server 2012 onward, Windows 10. Office 365 Experience with Kali Linux Knowledge of OWASP Top Ten project You’re the professional that’s going to lead a range of application security assessment activities at SOTI including penetration testing against web and mobile environments You’ll evaluate, and implement application penetration testing processes and tools You can conduct web application and code testing for all systems and applications, open source dependencies, and provide analysis and risk assessments for vulnerabilities discovered You’ll develop scripts, tools and methodologies to enhance SOTI Cloud and Security Team You’ll be detecting, defining, and exploiting vulnerabilities that scanners miss. You’ll be authoring assessment reports. You’ll be researching and keeping yourself up to date on application security emerging threats, techniques, tools and trends 
ScrapedJobID746:

ScrapedJobID747:
Ability to keep skill set up-to-date with new and emerging technologies and service operation models. Ability to maintain current knowledge of legislated requirements and external regulatory requirements that impact the information security needs of Island Health. Ability to communicate technical concepts and information security risks effectively to all audiences including technical, non-technical and executive. Strong presentation, facilitation, coaching, conflict management, planning, project management, and interpersonal skills. Ability to work independently and effectively under time pressure to meet deadlines, balance work priorities and resolve issues appropriately. Ability to develop and implement strategic and project plans, policies, procedures and standards Demonstrated knowledge of health and corporate information systems. Demonstrated ability to lead, manage, plan, and implement within the area of responsibility. Demonstrated ability to work effectively within a highly dynamic environment. Demonstrated ability to be effective in an environment subject to continuous change. Working knowledge of applicable regulations, legislation, and collective agreements. Proficiency in the use of personal computers. Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. 
ScrapedJobID748:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements. Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions. Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management, and service delivery. Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware 
ScrapedJobID749:
Lead the strategic and operational governance processes of the business organization as it relates to data, information and technology as a key enabler of the City’s business. Maintain focus on strategic direction and long-term vision while balancing the need to address immediate and emerging needs. Coordinate and facilitate consultation with stakeholders in a collaborative manner to define business and systems requirements for new technology implementations. Initiate strategic information and technology partnerships by developing and managing relationships with internal and external customers including government, vendors, and partner organizations. Define and communicate organizational plans, policies, and standards for acquiring, implementing, operating and maintaining information and technology systems and infrastructure. Build relationships and systems necessary to deliver the technical work aligned to the department and organizational direction. Work toward alignment of structure, process, competencies, leadership style and culture to the strategy of the organization and the strategic environment. Ensure City departments have access to data and information required to make informed decisions. Provides support to other city departments and help them to identify electronic and GIS solutions to improve business processes, increase effectiveness and support decision making capabilities. Oversees all enterprise GIS operations including database management and administration, data structure and metadata development, system administration, GIS software selection, implementation and user support. Evaluates the functionality of systems and investigates new IT and GIS applications.
Identify opportunities for the appropriate and cost-effective investment of financial resources in IT and GIS systems and resources, including staffing, sourcing, purchasing, and in-house development.
Review hardware and software acquisition and maintenance contracts and pursue master agreements to capitalize on economies of scale.
Establish lines of control for current and proposed information and GIS systems.
Ensure IT and GIS system operation adheres to applicable laws and regulations.
Assess and communicate risks and mitigation strategies associated with IT and GIS investments.
Establish corporate data protection, information and technology security policies and procedures that foster a culture of security awareness.
Approve, prioritize and control projects and the project portfolio as they relate to the selection, acquisition, development, installation and operational sustainment of major information systems. Identify opportunities for the appropriate and cost-effective investment of financial resources in IT and GIS systems and resources, including staffing, sourcing, purchasing, and in-house development. Review hardware and software acquisition and maintenance contracts and pursue master agreements to capitalize on economies of scale. Establish lines of control for current and proposed information and GIS systems. Ensure IT and GIS system operation adheres to applicable laws and regulations. Assess and communicate risks and mitigation strategies associated with IT and GIS investments.
Establish corporate data protection, information and technology security policies and procedures that foster a culture of security awareness.
Approve, prioritize and control projects and the project portfolio as they relate to the selection, acquisition, development, installation and operational sustainment of major information systems. Establish corporate data protection, information and technology security policies and procedures that foster a culture of security awareness. Approve, prioritize and control projects and the project portfolio as they relate to the selection, acquisition, development, installation and operational sustainment of major information systems. Provide strategic leadership and direction for the City’s Information Technology and establish goals, objective and operating procedures. Oversee and steward the annual operation and capital budgets and apply business acumen and critical thinking in the use of resources. Develop annual business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for IT spending and initiatives. Ensure continuous delivery of information and technology services to the organization including disaster recovery and business continuity. Keep current with trends and issues in the IT and GIS industries, including current technologies and prices. Advise, counsel and educate executives and management on their competitive or financial impact. Oversee the development of communication strategies to stakeholders in order to foster a strong understanding of technology services, issues, risks, threats, opportunities and emerging needs. Establish clear lines of accountability within the department and work collaboratively across the organization to drive horizontal alignment and integration. Hires, supervises and provides leadership to direct reports responsible for key information and technology functions and portfolios. Ensure staff are empowered, are appropriately skilled, and well equipped to perform their roles.
Conduct regular staff meetings, prepare reports, operating procedures and schedule department activities to ensure adequate leadership and management of all staff.
Oversee recruitment, development, retention and organization of all IT and GIS staff in accordance with corporate budgetary objectives and human resources policies.
Structure the department to optimize resources and appropriately reflect the needs of the organization. Conduct regular staff meetings, prepare reports, operating procedures and schedule department activities to ensure adequate leadership and management of all staff. Oversee recruitment, development, retention and organization of all IT and GIS staff in accordance with corporate budgetary objectives and human resources policies. Structure the department to optimize resources and appropriately reflect the needs of the organization. Other related duties as required. A 4-year degree in a related field (e.g. Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems) or equivalent education and/or experience. Master’s Degree in a relevant field preferred and considered an asset. A Minimum of 8-10 years of experience in leading significant initiatives and complex, multiple technology projects, preferably in a municipal public sector environment, including direct managerial experience that includes program, financial, budget administration and key performance indicator strategies. Demonstrated knowledge and experience in the areas of technology strategy development, innovation and continuous improvement utilizing digital tools and technologies, and designing and implementing creative solutions to business problems. Experience successfully leading a mid-size city/equivalent size organization through a digital transformation and or an ERP transformation. Demonstrated the ability to design IT strategy or high-level information and technology architecture for e-business, innovation and continuous improvement utilizing digital tools and technology, leading, and managing business vendor relationships, and working with all levels of the organization. Ability to set appropriate policies and recommend effective use of technology. Demonstrated knowledge of applicable data privacy practices, laws and industry standards. Managing Microsoft operating systems, network products and desktop products Knowledge on ESRI products and enterprise geodatabases (in a SQL environment), and familiarity with rational database design as it applies to GIS software as well as general mapping principles, demographics analysis, spatial analysis, remote sensing, and cartography. Knowledge in Core municipal software applications, including but not limited to financial and human resource management, SharePoint, Asset Management, Community Development and Land Management, and Records Management. Certification in IT governance, project management, organizational change management and IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL 4) are desirable. Satisfactory Criminal Record Check Successful applicant must provide proof of qualifications. Applicants with international education will be required to include an Academic Credential Assessment with application. 
ScrapedJobID750:

ScrapedJobID751:
Grow our business - Our team’s goal is to enable designers/developers and SMBs to seamlessly secure themselves and their customers across every engagement and end point. We will secure our products by default while we build outstanding security website product as a stand-alone product. Understand our customers inside and out Develop product strategy and vision and translate it into creative, high quality, simple features; invent on behalf of customers Bring your deep security expertise to collaborate closely with senior leaders across the organization to guide your vision, strategy, and roadmap. Run experiments to iteratively improve the user & product experience, leading to improved NPS and business metrics. Define and own success metrics, and leverage insights to improve CX and product/business performance Launch new features and make sure our sales, marketing, and PR teams are telling the most compelling story Be a lead in our PM team - strengthen a team of PMs as needed to help scale to meet the demands of the business Be an amplifier, listening to and engaging with stakeholders at all levels, cross-pollinating thoughts and ideas and encouraging those around you with your product vision and strong sense of emotional intelligence for our customers. MS in Computer Science/Engineering/Mathematics or MBA Familiarity with information security principles and best practices, cryptography, certificates, and other PKI use cases such as IoT 7 years of total work experience, 5 years of product management experience, and 3 years of experience in optimally building and shipping customer and/or developer facing security products and services at significant scale. Defining strategy, identifying and modeling business opportunities, and crafting and executing on go-to-market plans. Strong Test and Learn culture ML Learning Models and Security Bots. 
ScrapedJobID752:
Turn initiatives into projects. Work with other team members to support the transition. Be the one to lead the projects into completion. Work with stakeholders, and with vendors where applicable, to make sure use-cases and requirements are being addressed. Work with delivery and control partners to timely and properly address project governance. Agile, entrepreneurial mindset that can fit innovative ideas into a conservative environment. Self-driven and determined to walk long distances on sometimes uncharted and risky roads. Excellent organizational skills and considerable experience working in global corporates. Strong and crisp communication skills – technical and executive audiences alike. Experience working with international teams. Technical knowledge and experience: IAM, Cloud Security, Application Security, Security Operations, Endpoint Security, Network Security, PKI and cryptography, Database Security, enterprise security stack. Technical knowledge and experience: web technologies, Windows OS, Linux OS, network design and protocols, networking equipment, network storage technologies. Technical knowledge and experience in Cloud. Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science or Mathematics is a plus Background in fraud and/or fintech domains is a plus Experience with big data, analytics, databases, OS internals is a plus Experience in DevOps, software development is a plus Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking #tdcybersecurity 
ScrapedJobID753:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Providing security recommendations and solutions for migrating and new applications in the Morgan Stanley environment across multiple Cloud providers including, but not limited to, Azure and AWS Running security solutions in the public cloud for monitoring and detection of vulnerabilities Own a portfolio of security tools designed to provide leading security platform capabilities Identify and monitor security risks at large scale Work with partners to establish the direction of the program, including defining priorities, coordinating with peer team Leading continuous improvement efforts of our security tools and systems Come with a growth mindset of excellent analytical, engineering and communication skills Collaborate and understand the needs and problems of our business lines Working in a globally distributed team to provide innovative and robust Cloud-centric security solutions. 5+ years' experience as a Cloud Security Operator, security tools and processes Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Math is preferred Expert knowledge of the Shared Responsibility Model; keen understanding of the security risks inherent in hosting cloud- based applications and data Experience with host-based cloud vulnerability scanning solutions Experience with vulnerability assessment and remediation Experience with system administration or patch management on Windows and Linux. Knowledge of CVEs and CVSS Experience on container and orchestration such as Kubernetes, EKS, AKS, Docker, OpenShift. Experience with scripting and automation Experience with SIEM solutions such as Splunk Experience with security configuration management in AWS and Azure Experience with managed Kubernetes services Understanding of cloud environment Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID754:
Manage our MDM platform (Jamf), user management (G Suite), password and security management, as well as other SaaS services related to daily operations. Set up workstations with laptops and necessary peripheral devices (Apple products). Check computer hardware (monitors, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality. Install, configure and maintain appropriate applications and functions according to specifications and security requirements. Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer systems. Onboard new employees and provide continuous support on how to operate software and equipment as needed. Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance, including arranging laptops to send for repairs through our authorized service providers. Maintain a list of hardware and computer equipment while keeping track of shortages and placing orders. Respond to troubleshooting requests through systems (Jira and Slack). Work with other departments and vendors to help innovate solutions tailored to business practice. Be able to work independently and with fast-pace projects. Do regular audits to ensure compliance and functionality. Create new solutions to improve system infrastructure with in-depth proposals and product knowledge. The experience. You have 1+ years hands-on experience as an IT Specialist or relevant position. You have insights and opinions on the best tools, approaches and techniques to implement. You have experience troubleshooting hardware and software issues and working with both technical and non-technical teams and customers. The technical skills. You have experience and understand of: MDM platforms Cloud user management such as G Suite and AWS Various operating systems. While we mainly use MacOS it would be beneficial to have an understanding of Linux and Microsoft Windows Internet security and data privacy principles The communication skills. You can effectively translate technical to non-technical. You have outstanding verbal, written and interpersonal skills. The desire to learn and curiosity. You can quickly adopt new technologies and respond to change by adapting. You are interested in expanding your skills in IT within a rapidly growing startup. You are curious and want to know how things work, and you love making sure solutions you propose are the right fit and will work. A team player. You are able to work independently and collaboratively with a team on specific projects. You take ownership and initiative while being open to learning and feedback from peers.* Compliance and IT Security best practices AV systems, VOIP technologies and network topologies Scripting in Bash or Java Join a team of bright, humble and diverse individuals that value and support continued learning and skill development. Make an impact at a product-led organization that is simplifying the lives of real people and solving problems our society has faced for generations. It's a chance to make meaningful contributions and expand your career at a growing company. Enjoy our company-wide Friday socials, team building events and lively Slack channels to get to know your teammates both as coworkers as well as individuals. Be supported by a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision plans for you and your family, EAP program and parental leave top-up and more. Find work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid vacation and flex days. Enjoy working from the comfort of your home and create an ergonomic, productive and fulfilling home office. A generous budget for essential equipment will be offered during on-boarding to set you up for success! Daylight is hiring, on-boarding and working 100% remotely for the time being in order to keep our employees and candidates safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Benefits and perks listed above may change over time as the company grows and evolves. Application reviewed by a human being (please note that this process takes time as our approach is truly intentional and inclusive) Phone Screen with a Talent Acquisition Specialist Remote Interview with Director of Technical Operations and Sr. Governance and ERM Specialist Remote Interview with IT Specialist 
ScrapedJobID755:
Be integral in continuously maturing the threat modeling practices and application security risk assessment program. Be integral in ensuring security threats and countermeasures are identified in projects/initiatives as part of SDLC process. Maintain an understanding of available security design patterns, their applicability to given initiative and identify gaps that require improvement opportunities. Produce high quality threat modeling artifacts and follow through in tracking of assessments and remediation activities in issue management platform and/or designated repository. Continuously keep apprised of business technology practices and relevant threats, both current and emerging and work with Security Architect to identify appropriate controls. Be an advocate for Cybersecurity company standards and industry best practices. Help build, improve threat libraries and controls and standardize on threat modeling practices. Collaborate with larger Security Assessment and Testing group in socializing threats identified in technology projects as part of overall risk analysis. Keep abreast of new technology trends and associated risks in application development practices, frameworks, cloud services (PaaS, IaaS, SaaS), modern data store platforms etc. and ability apply this knowledge and skills during threat modeling exercises. Acts as a trusted advisor to assigned business/group. Assists in the development of strategic plans. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks and mitigation techniques for designated areas. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Acts as the day to day contact for vendors; supports the implementation, maintenance, and sustainment of vendor solutions. Understands the strategy, plans, activities and needs of all stakeholders and translates those business needs into solutions and makes recommendations. Provides advice, counsel and support on information security matters and recommends solutions to assigned business/group leaders on principles, frameworks, programs, approaches, trends, legislation and regulatory requirements including interpretation of policy and identification and management of risk. Builds credibility and influences/negotiates effectively to drive business performance through development and delivery of information security solutions. Tracks metrics and milestones, providing recommendations for resolution and escalating as appropriate when issues arise. Facilitates discussions and follows a disciplined approach to plan, elicit, analyse, document, communicate and manage initiatives and issues with stakeholders by applying a variety of elicitation techniques to probe, challenge and understand associated risks. Promotes process improvements and methodologies; keeps emerging information security issues and trends in mind and ensures standards are followed. Creates professional presentations and deliver them in a meaningful concise way. Assesses information security impact to a project’s benefits and risks when scope changes. Develops and champions information security best practices, including staying abreast of industry information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Gathers, examines and interprets data and information to extract meaningful insights, answer business questions and provide actionable recommendations. Assists with continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities. Ensures consistent, high quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed Min of 2-3 years of hands-on work experience in software development or software web application development (e.g. Java, JS, Python) is preferred. Ability to decompose applications and system designs in hybrid cloud architectures to identify potential threats Cyber or Information Security experience preferred Threat Modeling knowledge- nice to have ( Threat Modeling methodologies (e.g. Attack Trees, MSTM/STRIDE, PASTA) or performing Architecture Risk Analysis. Working experience in Agile methodologies. Knowledge of DevOps practices and ability to champion security first, DevSecOps culture and practices. Knowledge of OWASP software security practices Knowledge of threats and related best practices to secure public cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure) and container platforms (e.g. OpenShift, Kubernetes,) is preferred. Advanced analytical skills Proficient communication and negotiations skills, both verbal and written. Is empathetic and loves to solve problems and always maintains high integrity. Typically between 4 - 7 years of relevant experience and a post-secondary degree in Information Security, Computer Science, Engineering, and/or Information Systems or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preference for candidates who have at least one certification in a related field, with strong preference for Information security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS). Understanding of industry standards and frameworks e.g. NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO 27001 and 27002, Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS), etc. - In-depth. Experience in information security concepts and methodology. Knowledge of business analysis, project delivery practices and standards across the project lifecycle - In-depth. Knowledge of information security processes, procedures and controls - In-depth. Understanding of and problem solving ability for information security issues within their business group - Working. Understanding of information security risk and regulatory requirements - Working. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID756:
Assist in Summarizing requirements of the project & assess network impact/ risks. Track & follow up action items pending against network tower or related to network tower. Assist in coordination with other project stake holders i.e. security, Active directory, O365, Cloud services, Server tower, IAM, etc. Daily/weekly follow-up on incident/ project tasks with supplier/ vendor/ Project manager responsible to resolve Assist in defining the overall Enterprise Architecture, Application Portfolio Standards, Cyber first and Interoperability guidelines, standard technology building blocks framework, and key technology skills reflecting Bombardier Business Strategic priorities as approved by BIS Leadership team and CIO Align with technology strategy and capability roadmaps across Enterprise Network and connectivity requirements. Assist in architectural solution designs that are multidimensional and cross disciplinary, with Data integrity and User experience at the core. Develop solutions to most complex problems with out-of-the-box thinking and ingenuity with strong Quality management. Bring together 360 views of architectural aspects of the connectivity strategy and communicates the overall landscape to the stakeholders. Analyze and recommend costs, values and risks of BIS technology services. Create and maintain Technical Architecture and core designs / design patterns for BIS Businesses/Functions adoption. Monitor changes and advancements in technology to discover ways Bombardier can gain competitive advantage. Assist in driving Proof of Concepts and new technology/innovation assessments leading to Pilot and eventual adoption. Provide technical direction in detailed design to product team and strategic programs/initiatives including M&A. Identify required technical and cyber skills required to meet future technology vision. Drive business centric mindset with strong verbal and written communications skills and the ability to interact professionally at all levels of the organization and across multiple technological and business functions. Demonstrate understanding of modern architecture and design, with mix of creative and technical thinking driving a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. Operate at highly varying levels of abstraction including business strategy, technology strategy, technical design and implementation Miscellaneous other tasks assigned by the Network tower management. You have a University Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or relevant technical degrees Minimum 3 years training (academic or on the job) in Enterprise Network and Architecture or Industry certification (CCNA, JNCIA, etc) You have 5 years of experience as Network analyst, architecture solutioning/governance You have 3 years of experience in Information Technology or Design Engineering You have 2 years of experience in administrative tasks You have 3 years of experience in ITIL implementation and Project coordination You have 3 years of experience with supplier / partner management and Contract management You have 5 years of experience in Incident management You have 4 years of experience in Cyber Security or Security Operations You have 3 years of experience in IT applications You have 3 years of experience in Cloud connectivity (Azure & AWS). You have 3 years of experience in IT Data Center Operations 
ScrapedJobID757:

ScrapedJobID758:
Working with a national team of highly skilled Network Engineers and DevOps Engineers to: Logical configure IP Core Network Devices, including: Juniper, Palo Alto, and Cisco routers/switches/firewalls Complete logical migrations, capacity augmentation and operating system upgrades on IP Core Network devices Develop fully automated network deployments leveraging CICD Pipeline and TELUS's Automation Framework Leverage your Dev-Ops skills to help strengthen Dev-Ops practice within TELUS Smart Security & Automation Help develop network and infrastructure roadmap for SmartHome Security & Automation. Vous travaillerez avec une équipe nationale composée d’ingénieurs de réseau et d’ingénieurs de développement et d’exploitation hautement qualifiés pour faire ce qui suit : Assurer la configuration logique des appareils du réseau central IP (p. ex. routeurs et commutateurs Juniper, Palo Alto et Cisco, coupe-feu) Effectuer des migrations logiques, des augmentations de capacité et des mises à niveau de système d’exploitation sur des dispositifs de réseau central IP Exécuter des déploiements réseau entièrement automatisés au moyen du pipeline d’intégration et de déploiement continus (CICD) ou du cadre d’automatisation de TELUS Mettre à profit vos compétences pour améliorer les activités de développement et exploitation au sein de l’équipe Maison connectée et automatisation de TELUS Contribuer au développement de la feuille de route du réseau et de l’infrastructure pour Maison connectée et automatisation 5+ of years of experience as a Network Engineer, preferably in a DevOps environment Strong knowledge of IP Core protocols used in Service Provider networks: OSPF, BGP, MPLS, ISIS, STP, etc Experience with the following hardware:
JUNIPER: EX, MX, QFX series
Palo Alto 3020 and 3050 series
CISCO: ASR9k, NCS 5500, ME3400 series JUNIPER: EX, MX, QFX series Palo Alto 3020 and 3050 series CISCO: ASR9k, NCS 5500, ME3400 series Highly autonomous, extremely detail oriented, and has significant experience of supporting large scale, enterprise class networks. In-Depth experience with managing network impacting outages, coordinating troubleshooting sessions, and working with vendors for swift resolutions Creative thinker with a passion for user experience Ownership mindset with result driven passion Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent CCNP Certification or equivalent Willingness to work in an on-call (day/night) rotation Ability to program in Python and understanding of data models such as YANG / JSON / YAML Knowledge or experience with version control systems: Git / Gitlab / Github 
ScrapedJobID759:
Performs daily, weekly, and monthly cycle counts of Finished Goods, Stores, Shop Floor inventory, Kanban and Shop Floor raw material locations. Makes inventory corrections and adjustments in MRP system after performing detailed investigations. Provides backup justification to support adjustments. Tracks inventory variances and investigates root causes. Makes recommendations to implement processes to correct count errors. Maintains processes for customer owned inventory. Participates in stock taking audits and inventory reconciliation. Adheres to contractual requirements of customer. When necessary, works with Production and Planning Departments to investigate shop floor material discrepancies. Advises Procurement when discrepancies/adjustments have potential to affect production supply and procurement demand. Drives initiatives to reduce slow moving inventories and to reduce days on hand. Maintains counting/weighing equipment and ensures regular calibration. Determines and improves counting methods for difficult to count items. In conjunction with Inventory Controller participates and assists in the development and execution of a complete, yearly physical inventory count. Responsible to monitor and process expired materials. Works with QC when required for dispositioning. Any other duties as required by the company. Minimum 2 years of experience working in an Inventory related roll. Experience working with M aterial R equirements P lanning (MRP) software. Good written and verbal communication skills Competent in Microsoft Office Suite. Strong mathematical, problem solving and analytical skills. The successful person must be able to gain the appropriate Canadian government security clearance and satisfy all requirements to be able to work on Canadian Controlled Goods projects. Ability to adapt and deliver in a past paced and constantly changing environment. Balance changing priorities and demanding work flow. Ability to lift 30 pounds without restriction and stand/walk for long periods of time. Support and demonstrate safe work practices and a healthy work environment. Excited about our products, their structure and complexity and have a willingness to always learn. Have a desire to seek opportunities to understand our manufacturing processes and material and be part of Continuous Improvement teams. 
ScrapedJobID760:
Metrie IT Cyber-Security Strategy
Support the development of our Metrie IT cyber-security strategy.
Own and lead the execution of our strategy, working with our extended IT Team, 3rd party consultants, and other key stakeholders. Support the development of our Metrie IT cyber-security strategy. Own and lead the execution of our strategy, working with our extended IT Team, 3rd party consultants, and other key stakeholders. IT Cyber-Security Scorecard and KPI Tracking
Be a key contributor to the development of our corporate IT cyber-security scorecard for ongoing monitoring by the Metrie Leadership Team, Board of Directors, and other key stakeholders
Provide summary reports of Cybersecurity incidents, operation statistics of monitoring tools, and latest Cybersecurity related news.
Perform trend analysis and develop metrics and reports on intelligence and incidents for management. Be a key contributor to the development of our corporate IT cyber-security scorecard for ongoing monitoring by the Metrie Leadership Team, Board of Directors, and other key stakeholders Provide summary reports of Cybersecurity incidents, operation statistics of monitoring tools, and latest Cybersecurity related news. Perform trend analysis and develop metrics and reports on intelligence and incidents for management. Cybersecurity Incident Prevention and Response
Use troubleshooting tools to analyze and respond to cyber threats, writing scripts to aid in quick analysis and response, and responding to security events.
Conduct online threat research and stay up to date with emerging threats
Proactively hunt for vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, and IOCs
Participate in threat risk assessments and cyber breach response tabletop exercises for our environment
Follow incident response process, document, and escalate security incidents. Stay up to date with security incident until closure.
Contribute with first responder actions, triaging and containing breaches.
Assist in securely collection of artifacts, analyze for malicious behavior and carry out analysis to determine the root cause of events.
Maintaining current knowledge of products offered, application functionality and the high level architecture of our hosting environment Use troubleshooting tools to analyze and respond to cyber threats, writing scripts to aid in quick analysis and response, and responding to security events. Conduct online threat research and stay up to date with emerging threats Proactively hunt for vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, and IOCs Participate in threat risk assessments and cyber breach response tabletop exercises for our environment Follow incident response process, document, and escalate security incidents. Stay up to date with security incident until closure. Contribute with first responder actions, triaging and containing breaches. Assist in securely collection of artifacts, analyze for malicious behavior and carry out analysis to determine the root cause of events. Maintaining current knowledge of products offered, application functionality and the high level architecture of our hosting environment Implement Cybersecurity Best Practices
Recommend polices to support device hardening, secure information exchange and password management
Identify opportunities for improving our security posture and automation whenever possible
Contribute to the creation, update of Security Operation and incident response best practices, and processes.
Provide advice on configuration of network security devices for service and security enhancement. Recommend polices to support device hardening, secure information exchange and password management Identify opportunities for improving our security posture and automation whenever possible Contribute to the creation, update of Security Operation and incident response best practices, and processes. Provide advice on configuration of network security devices for service and security enhancement. Are a self-starter, enjoy working independently, and can adapt to changing priorities Are a critical and strategic thinker, negotiator, and consensus builder Are an excellent written communicator and presenter Enjoy analyzing data and paying close attention to the details A bachelor’s degree or equivalent industry training or certifications Proven experience in a security analyst role in System/Network Architecture, Cybersecurity consulting, Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) or Security Operations Center (SOC) Obtained one or more Cybersecurity industry recognized certifications: (ISACA, ISC2, GIAC SANS, CompTIA Security+ or higher, Offensive-Security) Knowledgeable with NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) Experience in building SOC processes, Playbooks, Correlation rules, and Incident reports. Are available for after-hours on-call support. The analyst must have in-depth knowledge, skills and work experience with Cloud infrastructure and security. Hands on experience securing Microsoft Azure Experience with implementing and administering Azure Active Directory Experience with securing Microsoft 365 applications such as Office, Exchange, Teams, SharePoint and OneDrive Experience in using and managing SIEM, EDR, log and network analysis, Network security (Firewall, WAF, IDS/IPS), Infrastructure are vital for this role. 
ScrapedJobID761:
Plan, prepare and deliver quality virtual or in campus classroom instruction based on the approved curriculum Timely completion and submission of all grade books and marking of all tests, examinations and assignments Courses to be taught include Networking Security and Administration, Computer Networking with Cisco Network Academy, and Linux, Cisco Instructor qualification Provide an enriching learning environment for students by using holistic and career-oriented teaching methods Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems Post-Secondary Diploma or Degree in Computer Applications/Networking Qualifications of MCITP, CCNP, CompTIA A+, CCNA, CCNA Security+, and Cisco is preferred Virtual Classroom Instruction Specialist are assets Minimum 2 years' of relevant professional experience in Information Technology, Networking and Cyber Security. MCITP, CCNP, CompTIA A+, CCNA, CCNA Security+, and Cisco Candidates with one or more of the above mentioned certifications may apply As a Network program Instructor, you need to provide the appropriate curriculum, instruction, leadership, mentorship, and support to ensure fellow success Train adults who have no previous background in technology with a variety of educational attainment from public universities to community colleges to no degree at all. Take a command on curriculum development for courses, prepare daily lesson plans and Ensure that class delivery is optimized for the specific course delivery method: online or in class. Responsible for creating, updating, and maintaining the instructor guides. In addition, responsible for providing the training and required support to new instructors to teach the program. Develop a variety of instructional strategies, techniques, and delivery methods designed to meet the individual learning styles of students and prepare lecture/lab and class materials as required. Establish, comply, and maintain college and student policies and procedures with a controlled and supportive classroom management. Evaluate students throughout the duration of each course using multiple assessment methods, conducted formatively and summative. Prepare and implement remedial programs for students requiring extra help. Contribute to the continuous improvement and revision of our standardized curriculum. Collaborate with other teams and follow the college policies and procedures. Proficiency in Microsoft office applications, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required. Minimum 2 years of network related teaching experience working at a College or University 5 years of full-time teaching experience with adults is highly recommended Teaching experience in an online environment is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID762:

ScrapedJobID763:
On-going support and maintenance of the CyberArk infrastructure, upgrades, deployment, and integration of new modules/products/features Implementation of System enhancements and new features and functionality Engage with business contacts and ITS Services to identify sensitive accounts and systems which require on-boarding/off-boarding, monitoring, and alerting Configure and maintain automated processes such as local password rotation and service account management Perform assessments of current & new security technology and authentication systems, evaluate against KPMG Security Policies, and other relevant regulations/best practice controls pertaining to the protection of corporate information assets with respect to security and privacy Enhance the identity and access management (IAM) program; design, build and support solutions, conduct routine reviews/audits, lead core transformation projects, ensure new & existing systems comply with IAM, RBAC & PAM frameworks and policies Develop and maintain standard operating procedures, frameworks (ex. Privilege Access Review), and processes Interpret and summarize technical information for presentation to non-technical business contacts Generate ad-hoc/monthly/quarterly reports and create dashboards for leadership Privilege access management and reviews Respond to security incidents; investigate, contain, remediate and report Assist with operational tickets, project activities and ad-hoc requests Allocation;70% CyberArk, 30% operational & project work 3+ years in systems security with certification, maintenance and use of security products in a distributed enterprise environment. 2+ years’ strong working experience with CyberArk core applications Experience and detailed knowledge in the following areas: Privilege Access Management (PAM) Privileged Identity Management (PIM) Secrets Management (AAM) Privileged Session Manager (PSM) Identity and Access Management (IAM) CyberArk Discovery and Audit (DNA) Tool Central Policy Manager (CPM), Central Policy Manager (CPM) Vault Administration Disaster Recovery Exposure to an EDR solution such as Carbon Black or Defender ATP Experience with Windows and Linux operating systems Experience with complex multi-site LAN/WAN environments Experience with network applications, such as Firewall Security and Virtual Private Networking Knowledge in SDWAN & Cisco technologies Knowledge of Microsoft Azure and AWS Understanding of frameworks such as NIST, ISO, and/or CIS CSIRT, CIRT, CERT preferred 
ScrapedJobID764:
Manage and configure Check Point firewalls and various software blades; Participate in the development of best practice, policy and process documents; Review security changes and provide recommendations; Conduct day to day operational security activities (log review, health checks); Monitor and update security equipment; Participate in information security incident response; Provide security recommendations as a SME; Solution, design, implement and coordinate project activities relating to security; Provide daily support on incidents, requests and projects; Strong knowledge of TCP/IP as well as packet capture analysis (wireshark); Strong analytical skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls; Strong capacity in root-cause analysis and recommendations; A strong understanding of operating system internal controls and network protocols; Excellent oral and written communication skills in English (bilingual English/French preferred); Knowledge of other security products is a plus (Web proxy, two-factor authentication, SIEM); Knowledge and experience in developing and documenting security plans, including project plans; Knowledge of Active Directory security considered an asset; Knowledge of SIEM application like QRadar and/or Sentinel considered an asset; Knowledge of Kusto querying language considered an asset; Experience managing Check Point firewalls; Experience with common information security management frameworks such as ITIL; Experience in application technology security testing; Experience in system technology security testing (vulnerability scanning and penetration testing). Experience configuring and managing Check Point security products (including Endpoint security); Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline or equivalent experience; 5 years of experience in IT, including 3 years in security and compliance roles; Check Point Certified Security Administrator considered an asset; 
ScrapedJobID765:
At least 2+ years’ experience in an IT support role as a Tier 2 Technician
College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science
High level experience with desktop and server operating systems in Small Business environments
Configuration and troubleshooting of Microsoft 365 issues including integration with other services.
Proven experience for monitoring of system reliability and improving performance.
Thorough knowledge of Active Directory, management and troubleshooting.
Knowledge of common network protocols (DNS, DHCP, NTP, SSH) and TCP/IP
Experience with the configuration of networking infrastructure such as VLANs, VPNs and firewalls.
Experience configuring and troubleshooting VPN connections and other remote access solutions.
Ability to troubleshoot high level issues with Windows7 through 11
Virtualization.
CompTIA A+ level of computer hardware knowledge and familiarity.
Strong documentation skills.
Strong English communication skills – written and oral.
French language skills. (an asset)
Desired Personal Attributes
Highly self-motivated and directed.
Takes ownership.
Keen attention to detail.
Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Ability to effectively prioritize and multitask in a high-pressure environment.
Exceptional customer service orientation. Including a calm, clear, welcoming phone speaking voice and professional demeanour.
Exceptional interpersonal skills, with a focus on rapport-building, listening and questioning.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Other Qualifications
Security and Safety:
Criminal record check
Transportation/Travel Information:
Own transportation, Willing to travel regularly, Valid driver's licence, Travel expenses paid by employer At least 2+ years’ experience in an IT support role as a Tier 2 Technician College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science High level experience with desktop and server operating systems in Small Business environments Configuration and troubleshooting of Microsoft 365 issues including integration with other services. Proven experience for monitoring of system reliability and improving performance. Thorough knowledge of Active Directory, management and troubleshooting. Knowledge of common network protocols (DNS, DHCP, NTP, SSH) and TCP/IP Experience with the configuration of networking infrastructure such as VLANs, VPNs and firewalls. Experience configuring and troubleshooting VPN connections and other remote access solutions. Ability to troubleshoot high level issues with Windows7 through 11 Virtualization. CompTIA A+ level of computer hardware knowledge and familiarity. Strong documentation skills. Strong English communication skills – written and oral. French language skills. (an asset) Highly self-motivated and directed. Takes ownership. Keen attention to detail. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and multitask in a high-pressure environment. Exceptional customer service orientation. Including a calm, clear, welcoming phone speaking voice and professional demeanour. Exceptional interpersonal skills, with a focus on rapport-building, listening and questioning. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID766:
Analyze business and product requirements and under the guidance of the Security Architect, design moderately complex technical solutions. Liaise with subject matter experts, development team, implementation support and production support staff to define technical specifications as required. Assist in the identification of Enterprise-level information security requirements Write high quality, re-useable code applying industry standard object-oriented programming best practices Convert architectures and design specifications into running code. Use a variety of programming languages and development tools to build, test, implement and support the development of software applications. Estimate resource needs and timelines to complete projects as well as operational tasks. Clarify stakeholder requirements, communicate questions and address concerns Design, manage and maintain the security monitoring infrastructure (e.g. IDS, FIM, Hardening and Compliance configuration management, Web Filtering, SIEM, Vulnerability Management, Forensic Tools, Application Security, IAM, Identity Federation / SSO, API Management, Password Management, etc) Perform ongoing R&D efforts to stay abreast with security technology Support the implementation of security specialist technical controls Manage vulnerability assessment and monitoring tools, such as host and network IDS systems, system integrity management systems, Application Security testing systems (SAST, DAST) and, internal and external penetration testing Ongoing process execution to onboard new applications onto vulnerability and application security testing platforms Participate in Symcor’s enterprise security consulting practice to provide technology and communication guidance in all matters related to secure development and implementation of both infrastructure and application platforms. Act as an intermediate level information security technical expert Provide guidance to employees with respect to IT risks, mitigation and control effectiveness Review and assist in responding to information security requirements within vendor or client RFP’s and contracts, such as security administration, monitoring, encryption, privacy and confidentiality requirements Support the implementation of security specialized technical controls Participate in the review of internal and external auditor findings and recommendations Monitor trends, evolving risks and potential countermeasures Degree or diploma in Computer Science or Engineering 5+ years of experience in an IT Development or Application Security role Must have industry development experience in one or more of the following languages: Java, Javascript, Python Experience with Dev-ops and DevSec-Ops processes, workflows, and technologies Experience with support and maintenance of internally developed and/or vendor applications would be preferred Expertise with relational databases Expertise on common development stacks (Java Spring, Node, React) Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript frameworks Knowledge of security vulnerabilities, exploits, and practical mitigations. Knowledge of security vulnerability testing tools (e.g. Network Vulnerability Scanners and SAST/DAST technologies) Experience with development and execution of threat assessments and security testing methodology Knowledge of Identity and Access Management (IAM) technology and best practices: understanding of Enterprise authentication & authorization services, (SAML, OAUTH), directories, and PKI Experience with Sailpoint IdentityIQ is an asset Knowledge of any of the following Application Security/Pen Testing technologies would be an asset: Burp Suite, Microfocus WebInspect or Microfocus Fortify Knowledge of information security normatives: current and evolving information security related standards and architecture frameworks, regulatory compliance frameworks, and audit standards and practices Junior level proficiency with enterprise Operating Platforms (Windows, Unix, Linux) and their enterprise management technologies (Active Directory/ADFS, LDAP, SMB, etc..) Understanding of network technologies (e.g. firewalls, gateways, switches, routers, IDP/IPS, concentrators, load-balancers) and network application protocols and their built-in security mechanisms (e.g. TCP/IP, SSL/TLS, IPSec, HTTP, SSH, SMTP, SNMP etc.), as well as internetworking design concepts and architectures Understanding of both public and private virtualization technologies (e.g. Hyper-V, AWS, Azure, Office365, VMWare ESXI, Containerization, etc.) A comprehensive Total Rewards Program that includes a competitive compensation package, flexible benefits and time away options, retirement and savings plans and a commitment to your overall health and well-being through our myWell-being program. Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities. Ability to make a difference and lasting impact. Opportunities to do challenging work and progressively take on greater accountabilities for growth. Work-life balance Recognition at Symcor is recognizing each other is part of our culture and helps to bring us together. 
ScrapedJobID767:
Contribute & Add Value Everyday Keep Our Edge & Be Resilient Stay Focused & Open-Minded Work it Out & Do it Together Aligns with the Company values, responsible for developing and mentoring team members, and providing guidance and direction for the overall group, including:
Manages performance of individuals to achieve results.
Builds a collaborative, innovative team to exceed customer expectations (internal and external).
Communicates the Company’s vision and strategy in relatable terms.
Creates an environment of engagement for team members to produce high quality services. Manages performance of individuals to achieve results. Builds a collaborative, innovative team to exceed customer expectations (internal and external). Communicates the Company’s vision and strategy in relatable terms. Creates an environment of engagement for team members to produce high quality services. Provide leadership and technical direction to the Managed Services Providers for End User & Infrastructure and Security Operations Center (SOC). Ensures availability, performance and security of all core IT technologies and services used within the corporate environment. Ensures network, server, storage, and desktop infrastructure deployed within the organization is tracked and maintained. Works closely with internal teams and service providers to ensure business needs are met in a timely, cost-effective manner. Provide operational support for IT project delivery and ensure operational readiness at production. Provide operational support for annual compliance audits. Act as chair of the Change Advisory Board (CAB) to steward change management requirements. Enhances, develops, and implements work processes that require collaboration with other functional areas in support of IT infrastructure service management and delivery. Provides coaching/training to encourage continuous improvement and staff development. Demonstrates a personal commitment and proactive approach to Environment, Health & Safety (EH&S) through participation in all applicable EH&S programs and ensures safe operation of the branch, team or unit and compliance with all Company EH&S policies and procedures. May perform other duties as assigned. Computer Science Degree or Technical Diploma. Minimum of 10+ years progressive work experience in IT Infrastructure Operations as it relates to server, storage, network, end user computing and service desk operations, with direct experience in managing Managed Services Providers. Knowledge of Network, Microsoft Operating Systems and Office technologies, Public and Private Cloud, Cybersecurity, Storage and Disaster Recovery technologies and services. Demonstrates in-depth and/or breadth of expertise in all areas of IT Infrastructure Operations. Anticipates internal and/or external business challenges; recommends process, product or service improvements. Ability to communicate with leadership. Ability to solve unique and complex problems that have a broad impact on the business. Contributes to the development of functional strategy. Leads teams or projects with broad visibility to achieve milestones and objectives. Guides others in resolving complex issues in own specialized area and solves complex problems with implications on cross-functional business processes and outcomes. Office based position with minimum field travel. Gibson has adopted a hybrid work environment for Calgary-based employees (Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday employees work in the Calgary head office). 
ScrapedJobID768:
Work with, lead and mentor Tier 1 / 2 Support personnel. Provide tier 3 support to employees; Cloud Computing and MS Azure / Office 365 support; Conducts wide area & LAN network administration and performance monitoring; Manage and provide technical support for all operating systems and end-user software; Manage enterprise directory services and supporting server infrastructure; Manage, and maintain all security systems controls and their corresponding or associated software, including firewalls, and identity management and end-point security software; Plan and implement server upgrades, maintenance fixes, and vendor-supplied patches; Recommend, schedule, and perform software and hardware improvements, upgrades, patches, reconfigurations, and/or purchases including the company’s networking, and virtual infrastructure; Support application development teams throughout project lifecycles; Supports data communications; Evaluates technology and develops business cases; and Participates in troubleshooting & diagnostics. Develop and maintain training materials and server documentation; and, Provide occasional on-call escalated support to end-users. 5+ years’ experience supporting in an enterprise IT Infrastructure space; and Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline. Excellent communication skills (both oral and written) and very strong customer service skills and experience; Tier 3 customer support; Lead and mentor Tier 1 / 2 Desktop Support Personnel; Maintaining contact with external organizations for the maintenance, service and/or purchase of network equipment; Strong project management experience and proven problem-solving capabilities; Experience recommending, implementing and ensuring adherence to network, security and hardware configuration policies and standards; Evaluating relevant vendor products and recommending purchases consistent with short- and long-term objectives of the company; Windows 2008-2016 Server deployment experience; Office 365 / Azure knowledge and implementation experience; Microsoft Active Directory (AD) expertise; Experience implementing one or more of the following Citrix, VMware, Firewalls, Routing, Microsoft products, etc; Previous experience with Virtual Storage – VSAN, EqualLogic or NetApp etc; Hyper converged infrastructure experience; Cisco Network Routing & VPN Connectivity Expertise; Firewall & Network Security Expertise; and, Exposure to Forestry or Industry Related experience is highly desirable. 
ScrapedJobID769:
Collect, document, and analyze workflows, as well as develop business process models in collaboration with multidisciplinary stakeholders. Facilitate process design sessions to produce detailed process flows and associated documentation. Interview system stakeholders and record results, requirements, and recommendations. Document current and future state business processes, define and document functional requirements, and conduct information flow analysis and process modeling within and across all disciplines and administrative components. Analyze process gaps and information flow obstacles or system issues, and identify opportunities for improvement. Align business processes. Define user needs and business requirements for applications and systems. Translate business needs into high-level technical requirements and solutions. Prepare and present related material to project teams, steering committees, and/or stakeholder organizations. Analyze information to establish recommendations for improvements in system effectiveness and efficiency. 7- 10+ years of experience in formal methods for business analysis requirements gathering, modeling, and diagramming. Broad industry experience in Business Process Re-engineering, including business area analysis, process mapping, and business process re-engineering. Understanding and experience with different software development methodologies, including SCRUM/Agile. Previous experience in insurance or financial services considered an asset. Post-secondary education in Information Management or Information Technology (or equivalent) with industry experience. (or) A bachelor's degree in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, business administration or a related discipline. (or) Completion of a college program in computer science. Someone who shares our core values. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID770:
Monitors and resolves first-level support requests. Escalates second-level support to senior team members Collects and disseminates information to clients during and post-incident Identifies, records, and escalates service performance trends, anomalies, and SLA breaches to senior leadership Applies Trusted Advisor techniques to build up client trust and influence loyalty Attends training sessions or shadowing activities, and obtains industry related certifications as determined by the Manager Bachelor's degree (B.A./B.S) or 3-years diploma in Engineering, Computer Science, or a Technology related field Positive influence on the floor Is approachable, helps teammates Willing participant in coaching system, always learning Demonstrated understanding of IT infrastructure systems Demonstrated ability to acquire technical skills, develop familiarity with industry or specialty products/services, and apply the knowledge gained through training Demonstrated ability to investigate problems and use standard operating procedures and processes to resolve them Demonstrated ability to achieve high level of Customer Satisfaction on all engagements Demonstrated ability to establish positive working relationships and contribute to team objectives in a consulting environment Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills Proven time management and organizational skills Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, and Outlook skills At least 1 year of work experience in supporting information technology/systems At least one (1) technical certification in the technologies for which Sirius offers Managed Security
These may include, but are not limited to: Comptia Security +, Check Point: CCSA, CCSE: Cisco; CCNA-Security, CCNP – Security, CCIE – Security; Blue Coat: BCCPA, BCCPE; Palo Alto: ACE, PCNSE; QRadar, SANS GCIA, GCIH, Splunk, LogRhythm, Exabeam or similar technology certifications These may include, but are not limited to: Comptia Security +, Check Point: CCSA, CCSE: Cisco; CCNA-Security, CCNP – Security, CCIE – Security; Blue Coat: BCCPA, BCCPE; Palo Alto: ACE, PCNSE; QRadar, SANS GCIA, GCIH, Splunk, LogRhythm, Exabeam or similar technology certifications Call handling/ticket experience All Sirius employees are responsible to safeguard the information and information systems that they use or handle in the execution of their duties. Employees are obligated to know and perform their duties in accordance with Sirius policies, standards, and procedures related to security and report security violations to the appropriate Sirius authority. Participate at hire and annually in the Information Security Awareness training as well as other required training identified by the Human Resources department. Other data privacy and data security related regulatory training may be required based on your role or assignment. 
ScrapedJobID771:
Using existing globally implemented SOC/SIEM tools to monitor and alert suspicious activities in the IT systems, and respond to incidents and provide communication to impacted teams Contributing to the security service arsenal of the company by proposing, evaluating, and implementing modern security strategies Proactively exploring, auditing and evolving our cloud development platform structure to minimize our risk exposure while enabling our ongoing development agility Responding to internal and global security threats and take the lead on communicating and implementing our response to them, including reporting any breaches to appropriate senior teams Actively participating on security committees/meetings within the Amer Sports Security group Collaborating and proposing changes in the company’s policies, sharing our needs, meet global compliance guidelines, implementing standardized security tools, and responding to global incidents impacting our organization Acting as an ambassador of security initiatives and build a culture of secure development practices, design, and best practices for users of all types Performing on-call duties as required to respond to incidents relevant to the role in a globally-operating company Completing regular planned security and compliance scans for various teams, and lead the group towards resolution of identified risks Working alongside the rest of the Infrastructure team to identify risks, establish protocols, and help improve system architecture and maintenance practices from a security standpoint Auditing our AWS cloud environment and work with involved parties to restructure account management, IAM, roles and API key rotations and compliance monitoring to better meet best practices while still encouraging creativity through sandbox environments Collaborating regularly with internal development groups to understand their needs, their DevOps pipelines, and facilitating security-minded best practices and habits throughout our project lifecycles for both in-house and public services Bolstering our remote and hybrid work-from-home users by ensuring our increase in remote access minimally impacts our security profile Reviewing existing global security standards and tools, and lead projects to align our internal systems with them Generating new scans and audits, and intrusion tests against our systems to build a stronger awareness of our security position Analyzing our ransomware defense positions and implementing changes as needed Investigating existing website Intrusion Prevention and Bot management and evaluating changes in configuration and protection vendors You have 5 or more years of experience in IS operations with at least 3 years in a dedicated IS Security role in a mid-sized business or enterprise environment You have a degree specializing in or related to Cybersecurity Operations You have experience using security monitoring, scanning, and compliance reporting tools to discover and monitor production environments. (Splunk, Siemplify, etc) You have a strong working knowledge of cloud environments such as AWS and Azure, and their security models from IAM to design best practices, and the native tools in those systems used to manage security You have strong values around the importance of cybersecurity to protect the business and our customer’s data, as well as the skills to build business cases and consensus with teams to make it a priority in the organization You have a strong working knowledge of common DevOps software deployment tools and CI/CD practices, and the ability to support the needs of a busy software development environment from a security standpoint You have experience managing and supporting network structure such as Firewalls, Wifi, VPNs and other ways people connect to technology You have experience with web security platforms, intrusion prevention platforms, and bot detection solutions You are able to create and maintain a library of documentation and practices for technical team members to follow You are confident in communicating in group environments, and ability to explain security concepts and get buy-in from people with a range of technical backgrounds You have a high level of personal integrity and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters with proper judgment. AWS Security Specialist Certification Experience working within Agile projects and sprint teams will be helpful in collaborating with development groups. Knowledge of scans and certifications such as PCI and GDPR, and experience maintaining compliance. Experience with Atlassian products to manage projects and capture documentation Experience with Zscaler for remote access and client security Hands-on experience configuring, auditing, and managing firewall solutions. 
ScrapedJobID772:
Support and maintenance of desktop computing, server computing and networking infrastructures Monitor, configure, troubleshoot and repair networking and computing software and hardware systems Strong analytical, diagnostic and problem-solving skills Support for PC and Macintosh hardware with a variety of operating systems (linux,windows and MacOS) and software applications Experience with helpdesk and end user interactions Experience configuring and troubleshooting network connectivity, including inspection of routers, switches, firewalls and VPNs Windows Administration for Windows Server 2012 and above Linux and Windows scripting Strong communication and people skills. Must be able to demonstrate strong English written and verbal communication Self-motivated/highly driven individual who takes ownership/accountability for his/her performance College diploma or engineering degree in a relevant field preferred New grads with a passion for IT infrastructure welcome to apply Must be legally eligible to work in Canada DevOps experience - configuration management; familiarity with SNMP, syslog Database experience Web development skills (HTML, CSS, SQL, php, java, javascript) Experience and/or training with vSphere / VMware administration Experience in backup and recovery processes Experience setting and managing changing priorities Experience in IT security and penetration testing 
ScrapedJobID773:
A wizard with Python or PowerShell development/scripting The go to person when it comes to communication software (Chat, voice and video) Have worked with Unified Communications software -MS Teams, Slack, Symphony, Skype or similar, in a Windows or Linux environment. You understand networking concepts - infrastructures, large multi -platform systems environments. 3+ years experience working with Python or PowerShell Maintained and improved communication software components using your programming and scripting skills Integrated collaborative communications software, i.e., MS Teams, Zoom, Skype, Slack and similar for an array of users. Worked with wireshark and network infrastructure tools Worked with the business teams as a system administrator Improve the way communications platforms interface with communication components like Teams, Symphony, Slack and Zoom Be the face for vendors and stakeholders concerning collaboration projects Bring to life the business communication technology plan Implement and maintain cloud and on premise security procedures Work in a fast paced environment Have fun! 
ScrapedJobID774:
Ability to work easily with diverse and dynamic teams Ability to work in a matrix management model Ability to manage multiple client engagements or projects Ability to lead and deliver a project based on different project methodologies Effective writing, communication and presentation skills Ability to lead groups as a facilitator Ability to shape client expectations Ability to apply complex concepts to new situations and client needs, following limited guidance from other team members. Willing to travel up to 50% or as needed by client(s). English Fluent (written and verbal) At least 5 years of experience in management consulting and systems integration or Managed Security Services in a top tier professional services firm with knowledge of SIEM, ETL and SOAR technologies, ticketing and workflow orchestration, Threat-Intelligence Platforms, active defense, UseCase construction and more. At least 3 years experience working in projects in one of the core SIOC domains: SOC governance, organization design, operations management, incident investigation and response process and procedures Degree with focus in Cybersecurity or technical equivalent Current knowledge of security threat intelligence and recent attack vectors English and French Fluent if working from Montreal,Quebec location Certified or working towards Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), or other Security Management Certifications (ISSMP; CRISC; CISM; etc) Good understanding or proficiency in information security and compliance regulations (PCI, SOX, HIPAA, NERC) Good knowledge or understanding of Information Security regulations, frameworks and leading practices (such as MITRE, NIST, ISO, COBIT, SANS,) 
ScrapedJobID775:
Au moins trois (3) années d’expérience sur des missions de cybersécurité; À l’aise sur la majorité des domaines de la cybersécurité, compréhension des fondements et capacité d'expliquer simplement afin de livrer la qualité attendue; Maîtrise de la gestion de projets informatiques et capacité de mener à bien, lorsque nécessaire, l’ensemble des phases de projet (ex. : planification, suivi, déploiement, gestion du changement etc.); Maîtrise des outils MS Office, tant en ce qui concerne l'outil en soi, mais aussi pour la qualité des livrables; Une ou plusieurs expériences parmi les domaines suivants :

Gestion de projets et/ou analyse d'affaires dans un contexte de cybersécurité;
Propriétaire de produit (Product Owner) d’un produit de cybersécurité;
Confidentialité des données (data privacy);
Architecture de cybersécurité;
Conformité et gouvernance du risque cyber;
Conduite d’audits de cybersécurité;
Conduite de recherches de vulnérabilités et de tests d’intrusion. Gestion de projets et/ou analyse d'affaires dans un contexte de cybersécurité; Propriétaire de produit (Product Owner) d’un produit de cybersécurité; Confidentialité des données (data privacy); Architecture de cybersécurité; Conformité et gouvernance du risque cyber; Conduite d’audits de cybersécurité; Conduite de recherches de vulnérabilités et de tests d’intrusion. Certifications constituant un atout :
SSCP, CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, CISA, ISO 2700x;
Éditeurs technologiques/cyber (ex : CompTIA S+, CyberArk, Splunk, Azure, AWS …). SSCP, CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, CISA, ISO 2700x; Éditeurs technologiques/cyber (ex : CompTIA S+, CyberArk, Splunk, Azure, AWS …). Excellentes capacités de communication orale et écrite en français et en anglais. Niveau espéré :
Français : 4/4
Anglais : 3/4
33674 #LI-Remote Français : 4/4 Anglais : 3/4
33674 #LI-Remote Horaire de travail de 37.5h/semaine; Opportunité de développer votre plan de carrière; Diversité de technologies, de projets, de clients et de secteurs; Environnement propice à la création et à l’innovation; Partage de connaissances avec une équipe agile et expérimentée; Harmonie entre la vie professionnelle et personnelle; Accès à de la formation continue (à l’interne, conférences, événements, cours, certifications, etc.); Reconnaissance de tous les employés et de leur apport personnel; Grande diversité culturelle au sein de l’ensemble de nos équipes. 
ScrapedJobID776:

ScrapedJobID777:
Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Secondary School (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID778:
Becoming an expert in cyber security and the development of robust secure software. As part of a scrum team, you will design and deliver features to the market. Working on technologies that save lives, secure property, and make the world a safer place. Learning a variety of technology stacks to solve complex problems. Working with a variety of developers to address a diverse collection of market applications. Learning, growing, and contributing as part of an autonomous team. A degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical discipline. Demonstrated C++ design and programming ability. Strong knowledge of real-time, multithreaded operating systems, applications and concepts. Knowledge of IP networking applications and concepts. Experience using C++ v11/v14 in a Windows or Linux Environment. Experience in network/cyber security or enterprise-type features. Experience with data privacy standards and concepts; FIPS, GDPR, as well as other privacy, encryption and cyber security standard A desire to learn, grow, and contribute. Are self-motivated and take the initiative to get things done. Have demonstrated a strong desire to innovate. Have earned a high level of trust from past employers and colleagues. Have excellent verbal and written communications skills. Are unafraid to try. Have a demonstrated, pragmatic, approach to problem solving. Do their best work as part of a team. Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical discipline. 
ScrapedJobID779:
Conducts security assessments that can be multi-faceted for a wide variety of assigned clients Defines the scope for security testing assignments Creates quality assurance security test reports and other documentation as needed Works with clients to develop appropriate remediation plans Provides clients with exceptional service in a professional, courteous and timely manner Provides technical support as a subject matter expert in the sale of security testing assignments on an as needed basis Provides thought leadership and direction for the Information Security practice on malware, attack vectors and methods to protect against threats Teams up with colleagues in other lines of services in support of client needs for Information Security services Stays up-to-date on current tools, technologies and vulnerabilities to incorporate into testing practices Other related duties as assigned Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related major from an accredited University or equivalent At least two (2) years working on vulnerability assessment and/or penetration test Application and/or infrastructure penetration testing experience above and beyond running automated tools A good understanding of Linux, Windows and network security skills Excellent written and oral communication skills in English Ability to meet deadlines and deliver a high-quality product (reports) Strong attention to detail Ability to work both independently and perform as a leader in a team environment Nessus MetaSploit Burp Suite Kali NMap Fortify Acunetix EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) EC-Council Licensed Penetration Tester (LPT) GIAC Certified Penetration Tester (CPEN) IACRB Certified Penetration Tester (CPT) Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) CREST Registered Tester (CRT) CREST Infrastructure Certification CESG CHECK Team Leader CESG CHECK Team Member Tiger Scheme Senior Security Tester Tiger Scheme Qualified Security Tester Any other recognized penetration testing certification/accreditation ISO27001 Lead Auditor CISSP, CISA, CISM Certifications PCI ASV CREST recognized penetration testing certification/accreditation (CREST Certified Tester (CCT) or CHECK Team Leader (CTL) Experience developing custom scripts or tools used for vulnerability scanning and identification Familiarity with threat modelling and security design review methodologies Support team technical development (e.g. through service development or research) and contribute to company technical processes overall Development and/or source code review experience in C/C++, C#, VB.NET, ASP, PHP, or Java and/or Fortify, Veracode, Brakeman and/or IDA Pro Experience with physical security testing, phishing and social engineering techniques. Experience with mobile applications such as Android DeBug Bridge (ADS), OWASP ZAP, Drozer, Mobile Security Framework (MobSF), Smartphone Pentest Framework (SPF), Burp Suite, Android SDK, Friday, Cydia and/or IDB 
ScrapedJobID780:
Bonus pay Extended health care Paid time off Wellness program Day shift Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Are you legally able to work in Ontario Canada? Bachelor's Degree (required) industry: 3 years (required) English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID781:
Review and analysis of key fund documents (e.g. prospectus, financial statements, contracts and compliance documentation) Review and verification of fund and management company data maintained within Castle Hall’s extensive due diligence database Conduct of due diligence interviews with global asset managers Documentation of findings in detailed due diligence reports, including written narrative and identification of risk factors using Castle Hall’s online risk management application Identification, analysis and documentation of ongoing changes at the fund and management company Communication with clients to relay due diligence findings and proactively support our clients’ investment decisions making process. Other duties may be assigned A Bachelor’s degree in finance, commerce, business, accounting, sciences or a related discipline. A minimum of 2 years work experience in the financial service industry would be considered an asset A developed interest in the investment industry as well as the accounting, operational and valuation issues faced by asset managers Pre-existing understanding of hedge fund, private equity and other investment company structures, terms and conditions will be an advantage Confidence and maturity to relay due diligence findings to our global client base and become a trusted advisor to global asset allocators Exceptional attention to detail, combined with excellent English Written and verbal communication skills Candidates may have professional designations such as CAIA, CFA or CPA, CA or have made progress towards one of these designations Character, ambition and drive to succeed within a dynamic industry are critical Exposure to the alternative assets industry, to institutional investors and institutional asset managers across a wide range of strategies An opportunity to be part of a highly successful and growing organization Excellent working conditions in a young and dynamic work environment Benefits plan including health and dental coverage Learning and Development - Reimbursement for relevant designations Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Wellness program 8 hour shift financial service industry: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID782:

ScrapedJobID783:
Merchandising and retail store systems that process 40 million plus customer transactions per year. Wholesale, distribution and warehouse systems that enable the movement of 17 million plus cases per year. Corporate finance systems to service an annual budget of approximately $3 billion and HR and payroll systems to service more than 5000 employees. A degree in computer science, IT audit or a related field, and a minimum of 4 years of recent, related experience* OR A combination of education, training and experience will be considered. i.e., 6 years or greater of recent, related experience* with a diploma or certificate in a related field. Recent, related experience must include: Experience with all aspects of IT security including current technologies and best practices. Experience with leading technical projects and/or initiatives. Experience, preferably with a security focus, in a Microsoft environment. Experience with contributing to the development, implementation / installation, maintenance and operation, and problem resolution of enterprise systems, technologies (HW / SW) and/or network components. Industry standard certification including a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) or equivalent. Certification in one or more technical disciplines such as CISCO, security (SANS, CSI or other accredited institutes) and/or certification in privacy or information management. Experience with change management processes and/or project management methodologies. Experience in identifying, evaluating and/or addressing risks from a business and technological standpoint. Experience with reporting of vulnerabilities across the organization. Experience in identification and/or implementation of mitigation strategies. Experience working with security principles and/or controls measures across the organization. Experience with application design and development life cycle. Demonstrated ongoing professional skills upgrading through the completion of course work. Experience in business analysis including working with business users and subject matter experts to produce requirement, gap analysis, business process design, business rules and other analysis work products. Knowledge of Information Technology (ITIL) best practices. Advance knowledge of all aspects of IT security including current technologies, best practices and/or security risks, threats, controls, technologies, policies, standards and procedures. Knowledge of the installation, configuration, maintenance and problem resolution of hardware, software, operating systems and network components (e.g., Windows, Linux, Unix). Knowledge of IT infrastructures and applications as they relate to NIST domains. Knowledge of asset management, vulnerability management, and identity and access management. Knowledge of risk management principles. Knowledge of security and privacy issues of government and the broader public sector and how they relate to business requirements and privacy regulations is desirable. Ability to quickly gain understanding of data flows. Excellent written and oral communication, presentation / facilitation and inter-personal skills and attention to detail when communicating, and the ability to communicate complex matters in a manner that can be understood by the audience. Ability to apply persuasion and influence management skills within area of expertise, to advance the LDB's information security objectives. Excellent analytical and judgement abilities; and problem solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities/projects and produce results within deadlines and budget parameters. Ability to lead and manage teams. Commitment to continuous learning. Experience with resolving conflicts with vendors and service providers. 
ScrapedJobID784:

ScrapedJobID785:
Research, design, implement and support enterprise network solutions and products Work closely with various teams to identify, troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve network software and hardware related issues as they arise Collaborate with various teams to identify opportunities for improved service, efficiency, security, resiliency and automation Contribute to the backup/recovery of F5 Big-IPs, routers, switches and firewalls Contribute to the security of network and data resources Create and maintain network topology diagrams and other technical documentation Clearly communicate and present technical information to both technical and non-technical groups Work with vendors and resellers to purchase new hardware and software as well as ensure support renewals are kept up-to-date Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in a Network Specialist capacity CCNA/CCNP required Experience with enterprise network architecture planning, design, and implementation Hands-on experience configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and supporting firewalls (Fortinet and Cisco) Hands-on experience configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and supporting routers and switches (IOS and NX-OS) Strong experience configuring and managing F5 Big-IPs (LTM, APM, iRules) Strong experience performing major network changes in a high-availability production environment Experience with SNMP and network monitoring tools Experience with device configuration backup tools Strong oral and written communication skills Highly motivated self-starter with a logical approach to problem-solving and attention to detail Proficient in balancing and prioritizing ongoing projects and tasks in conjunction with managing daily operational issues and requests Ability to work collaboratively in a team as well as independently in an effective and organized manner within a complex and fast-paced environment Ability to take on internal operational initiatives as the owner and coordinator for projects and large-scale items A positive attitude for continuous learning and the ability to stay focused under pressure Masters degree in network-related field Other relevant industry certifications such as CCIE, cloud and Microsoft certifications Knowledge of IPSec VPN implementation, operation and troubleshooting Experience with IDS/IPS solutions Knowledge of logging and SIEM tools Experience with AWS/Azure cloud environments Experience with Meraki firewalls, switches and wireless access points 
ScrapedJobID786:
Elicit, gather, and document solution requirements; help identify desired results and provide an understanding of the opportunity or issue Be proactive and flexible, able to deliver suggestions and present options to stakeholders Gain consensus and ensure stakeholder sign off of proposed solution Translate operational business requirements into well defined technical requirements Assist in scope definition and managing initiatives from definition through implementations, providing necessary updates and communication to stakeholders Contribute to short, medium, and long-term tech roadmap; proactively initiate projects and identify and involve the correct stakeholders to make each endeavor a success Make recommendations on best practices for improvements to the project lifecycle; take ownership and implement new ways of working upon approval. Work with developers to ensure requirements are understood and proposed architecture is in-line with best practice Contribute to test case development and coordination with QA Monitor overall project progress and timelines; monitor work assignment and calibrate developer workloads to optimize project output Communicate new features and functionality with the operations team through user documentation and training Provide second level technical support / investigation of bugs and feature requests coming from the operations team 3+ years of demonstrated related professional experience Demonstrated professional experience being responsible for architecting, developing, and documenting technical design Excellent time management and attention to detail Strong analytical and problem solving skills; ability to make effective decisions under pressure Proactively take on projects with minimal supervision Solutions oriented, creative thinker who can take the initiative in moving technical ideas forward with clarity Ability wo work with flexible targets and timelines. Priorities may change quickly at times; the successful candidate is able to shift focus quickly and manage multiple projects running in parallell The ability to prioritize, multi task, and handle time sensitive deadlines in a fast paced environment An opportunity to be part of a highly successful and growing organization Excellent working conditions in a young and dynamic work environment Benefits plan including health and dental coverage Learning and Development - Reimbursement for relevant designations Due to Covid-19 all employees within Castle Hall are currently working from home with the potential to move back into an office environment when government regulations say it is safe to do so. Until then all interviews and meetings will be held virtually. The ideal candidate will have an appropriate work-from-home designated space & applicable amenity. 
ScrapedJobID787:
Computer hardware or software retailer/wholesaler Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Git Shell script Internet access Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Linux JavaScript Database software MAC Servers HTML editing software Web service design Website creation and management software Cloud 
ScrapedJobID788:
Responsible for the ongoing maintenance and operation of the Information Technology implemented within Wall Centre Hotels. The position is responsible for the daily operation, support, and security of the technology and data that support and enable the business operation. Work with Hotel Management to implement Wall Centre and Marriott initiatives. Provide capital planning and operating budget support to the Hotel. The position will maintain technologies implemented in effective working order and ensure system up time and reliability meets the needs of the operation as defined by management. The position is based on and responsible for the ongoing operations of technology within our properties. The position is responsible for the development and training of users of the primary technologies and must implement a training plan that enables effective growth of technology usage within Wall Centre Hotels. The candidate has responsibility for, and must measure the effective usage of technology within the hotel. Included in this responsibility is the reporting back to management areas that could benefit from better utilization of technology and, conversely, areas that are not taking advantage of technology or are ‘over-engineered’. The position works closely with Hotel Management. Ensure secure IT operations by implementing and managing the Global & Hotel IT Security Policies. Maintain data backup integrity, and keep current Contingency & Disaster Recovery plans, and work with hotel operations departments to develop, maintain, and test Business Continuity plans, per Starwood Hotels & Resorts published Internal Audit Standards. Position is accountable for Internal, External and PCI audit results. Audit deficiencies and/ or loss of data due to inadequate DR, failed backup or recovery, or security breach, may result in disciplinary action. 50% Maintain support and enhance software application systems. Coordinate normal maintenance and upgrades to the software. Solve user problems with software usage and software bugs. 20% Assist with the identification, development and implementation of new system applications to satisfy business requirements of the hotel. Advise both users and systems staff in the use of software applications. 20% Oversee the operation and development of interfaces between the various computer systems. 10% Support the hardware and operation. 5% Day to day support of computer system. It is essential that we operate a safe and secure environment to meet SOX (Sarbanes Oxley), PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard), and other regulatory requirements. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday On call Overtime Weekend availability Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Management: 3 years (preferred) Information Technology: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID789:
Accountable for the identification of the changing Cyber landscape and delivery of Cyber security services into the Metrolinx environment to manage the Enterprise risk profile Oversees the Cyber strategy and annual review/refresh as well as supporting strategies dealing with diverse areas such as Identity, Secure external access, Authentication. Oversees the design of the organization’s enterprise security architecture in alignment with the Enterprise Architecture (EA) technological vision and direction to support the organization’s strategic and operational goals Work closely with the delivery teams to communicate all strategies, roadmaps and patterns relating to business application development and deployment Provides leadership towards defining the role of SA and leads its implementation and governance; implementation and maintenance of Metrolinx’s Security infrastructure and services. Directs and oversees the alignment of SA activities with governing frameworks, standards; legislative, regulatory and contractual requirements that govern Metrolinx activities Advises on the effectiveness and completeness of business and technology strategies, ensuring alignment with Metrolinx I&IT and other applicable cross-organization strategies Provides senior leadership oversight and direction to staff and project teams (e.g. defines team member roles, responsibilities, and expectations) Completion of a degree in Business, Engineering, Systems Design, Computer Sciences or a related discipline – or a combination of education, training and experience deemed equivalent. Minimum ten (10) years’ experience of contributing to the success of a range of midsize-to-large initiatives with above average levels of complexity and business criticality progressively senior experience in Information Technology with significant exposure to enterprise architecture planning, design, development, implementation and maintenance. Experience in developing requirements to support procurements as well as experience leading procurements dealing with Cyber technology. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) or Equivalent is required. Expert knowledge and understanding of the latest concepts in SA through Security certifications (i.e. CISSP, CISM); Excellent knowledge and understanding of IT Security frameworks such as SOC2, NIST, ISO 27011 and ISO 27002, etc. Solid understanding and application of Security leading practices to identify potential vulnerabilities and design secure systems 
ScrapedJobID790:

ScrapedJobID791:
Collaborate with Faculty IT and IST staff to
Support cyber security compliance efforts of the Offices of Research and Research Ethics by reviewing cyber security provisions of research proposals and agreements, as required
Review technology requirements and risk profile for research projects to identify appropriate secure services in the DRI ecosystem
Develop cyber security plans for research projects, as required Support cyber security compliance efforts of the Offices of Research and Research Ethics by reviewing cyber security provisions of research proposals and agreements, as required Review technology requirements and risk profile for research projects to identify appropriate secure services in the DRI ecosystem Develop cyber security plans for research projects, as required Provide cyber security subject matter expertise to Library and Office of Research staff in supporting the research data management (RDM) needs of

researchers Work with Faculty IT staff, IST staff, Canadian DRI partners, and cloud service providers to ensure DRI services meet applicable cyber security requirements (e.g., Safeguarding Science, research sponsor security standards) Assist with raising awareness of secure services (internally, and in the Canadian DRI ecosystem) and cyber security best-practices to UW researchers Identify opportunities for secure centralized DRI to support interdisciplinary research Audit research computing environments against relevant cyber security standards and frameworks Assist with the development and/or adoption of cyber security standards and frameworks for research computing environments Assist ISS staff by liaising with researchers and Faculty IT to further vulnerability management efforts and support incident response of local research computing, as needed Assist the university’s Controlled Goods Program Designated Official and the university’s Contract Security Program Company Security Officer with site audits or program compliance as required Developing and maintaining relationships with staff in IST, Faculty IT units, Offices of Research and Research Ethics, Library, service providers in the Canadian DRI ecosystem, and commercial cloud service providers Maintaining technical knowledge and understanding of the information technology and RDM services available to UW researchers, both internally and within the Canadian DRI ecosystem Maintaining knowledge and understanding of cyber security compliance requirements typical in a Canadian research enterprise (e.g., Tri-Agency, Contract Security Program/Controlled Goods Program, HIPAA) Monitoring cyber security developments and resources in the research ecosystem (e.g., Canadian Centre for Cyber Security, EDUCAUSE/Internet2, REN-ISAC, NDRIO, CUCCIO) Post-secondary education in a related field or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, and work experience Minimum 3 years of experience in a cyber security, technology risk management, and/or research support-focused role Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills with the demonstrated ability to deal with clients at all levels of computer literacy with tact and diplomacy, along with the proven ability to navigate sensitive issues Technical understanding of security controls available for file storage, database (relational and non-relational), remote access, and collaboration solutions (commercial and open source) Familiarity with public cloud IaaS environments such as Azure and AWS Knowledge of security standards and frameworks such as NIST 800-53, NIST 800-171, HIPAA, and NIST CSF Professional cyber security certification(s) (e.g., GIAC, CISSP) an asset Familiarity with the Government of Canada Contract Security and Controlled Goods Programs an asset 
ScrapedJobID792:
Administration and support of users from Sales, Marketing, and Services in their use of business technology including Salesforce.com Respond to and resolve user issues Assess, research, analyze and document business needs Evaluate, implement & support technology in partnership with the business and IT Work with external vendors and IT, and ensure optimal utilization of our business technology stack Strive for best practices, agility and strong user adoption Assess and report on user support efficiency and KPIs Coordinate with peers and leadership to prioritize requirements and consolidations across Salesforce CRM and related systems, including: Sales Cloud Service Cloud PSA Communities Add-ons (i.e. lead gen or forecasting tools etc.) Minimum of 2 years’ operational experience required and at least 1 year on Salesforce.com (Sales or Service cloud) Prior experience working with Salesforce reporting, analytics, functional design and best practices Strong organizational, verbal, presentation/facilitation and written communication skills Ability to work cross functionally, across all organizations to drive new or enhanced technology projects Ability to communicate and work closely with technology vendors and manage the business relationships for BlackBerry Expertise with MS Excel including for data analysis Proficiency with other MS Office applications 
ScrapedJobID793:
As a Senior Criminal Investigator - Cybercrime you will be working side-by-side with police officers investigating cybercrime; Participate in different operational activities such as field operations (e.g., offsite interviews, court, and supporting execution of search warrants and seizures), however, the Criminal Investigator role is primarily conducted in an office environment or in a government building; Collecting and preserving evidence related to: Technology as a target – unauthorized use of computers or mischief in relation to data (i.e. “Hacking”) Technology as an instrument – where the Internet and information technologies were used to commit traditional crimes such as online fraud, identity theft, drug trafficking, money laundering, human trafficking, organized crime activities, etc. Attending and providing testimony in court as a subject matter expert; Engaging in digital evidence processing and reviewing of seized data; Provides advanced and specialized skills, experience, advice and recommendations in relation to the Criminal Code of Canada and other Federal Acts of Canada in such areas as network intrusions, ransomware, denial of services, national security, fraud, internet drug-based trafficking, intellectual property infringement and other related areas of cybercrime; Ensures continual learning and consultation with other law enforcement agencies to maintain knowledge of trends in analysis techniques, investigations, technology used by criminal actors and the applicable laws; Engages and maintains contacts with other domestic or foreign law enforcement organizations to solicit cooperation and advice in addressing highly technical and complex cybercrime investigations. Collaborates with partners in tactical, strategic disruption and mitigation. Criminal Investigators will participate in a comprehensive Federal Policing Investigations Training program including a robust coaching program during their first 24 months of employment. Training is aimed at equipping new civilian Criminal Investigators with foundational knowledge of Federal Policing and police sciences (Introduction to Police Science (IPS)), including content ranging from the RCMP Code of Conduct, applicable domestic statutes, legal authorities, types of offences, evidence and exhibits, judicial authorizations, interviews and court processes, and more. Upon completion of IPS, candidates will be granted Peace Officer Status and progress to the Federal Policing Investigations Program (FPIP). The curriculum is comprised of core and elective courses (online and instructor-led) where learners will be guided by their supervisors or by their coaches. Demonstrates initiative, autonomy, sound judgement and thoroughness; Has strong written skills and attention to detail; Adapts easily to changing priorities; Works effectively as part of a team; and Adopts a constructive and positive attitude. Significant* experience in computer programming or in the administration of servers, networks or workstations. Recent* and significant** experience working in an information technology field. Recent is defined as within the last two (2) years. Bilingual Imperative BBB/BBB English Essential / French Essential 
ScrapedJobID794:
Agir en tant qu’expert-conseil en sécurité pour différents projets Surveiller la sécurité des infrastructures, systèmes et applications des clients Rédiger des documents techniques et des d’avis de sécurité Prendre en charge les incidents et alertes de sécurité́ Procéder aux escalades des incidents de sécurité́ lorsque nécessaire Participer à l’élaboration de procédures techniques de sécurité́ Contribuer à l’évaluation des solutions et outils internes Assurer une veille technologique proactive Curiosité intellectuelle et motivation Sens de l’analyse et de l’organisation Diplôme en informatique ou expérience équivalente Connaissance d’au moins un engin de détection d’intrusion (Snort, Suricata, etc.) Connaissance du système d’exploitation Linux Connaissance du système d’exploitation Windows Connaissance d’au moins un langage de programmation Détenir une certification en sécurité Capacité à rédiger des documents techniques Capacité à assimiler de nouveaux sujets techniques complexes Flexibilité et adaptation au changement Implication dans la communauté de sécurité informatique 
ScrapedJobID795:
Provide security advisory services to technology and business teams. Perform Design Security Risk Assessment (DSRA). Identify threat scenarios and evaluate risk rating based on a thorough review of the DSRA. Track and remediate design flaws identified by the DSRA process. Perform Technical Security Risk Assessment (TSRA) by ensuring the appropriate security scanning/testing is performed during the project development lifecycle (PDLC). Perform supplier risk assessments. Manage end-to-end vulnerability management process and reporting. Manage security risks for assigned portfolio to ensure that action/mitigation plans are defined and actioned in-time. Escalate outstanding risks as required. Manage and maintain scanning tools. Update and mature security processes. Provide security training. A college diploma or university degree is required. Higher accreditation (e.g. Bachelor of Computer Science) is preferred. At least five (2) years of information security and information risk experience. Experience of setting up and running scanning tools for IT Infrastructure and/or Applications Security Testing is required. Experience of cloud environment is required Experience in performing IT security risk assessments is required. Experience in developing risk mitigation recommendations is required. Understanding of CI/CD pipeline and approaches to automate security testing is an asset Understanding of API security is an asset Knowledge in open banking is an asset The following certifications are preferred: CCSP, CCSK, CISM, CISSP, or CRISC. Understanding and experience with PCI DSS, MITRE ATT&CK, BSIMM, NIST, ISO 27K series is an asset. Experience working in a banking or financial services environment is an asset. Named “Best Workplaces in Financial Services & Insurance 2021” An inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages curiosity, creativity and innovation. An experience to work and learn from diverse industry leaders. A continuous improvement journey using the latest technologies. An opportunity for innovation, continuous learning and career progression. A competitive total benefit package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs, vacation, personal & sick days, maternity/paternity leave, medical, vision and dental benefits and much more. 
ScrapedJobID796:
Design, development, and deployment of CI/CD pipelines Using ansible or other automation tools to automate existing processes Help to design server layout, network connections, firewall rules and improve existing infrastructure Document designs including architecture, monitoring, logging and access controls Document installation, configuration, and platform operations Operational support, and continuous evolution of existing pipelines Integration of code quality, security scanning, and QA tools with pipelines Working with application teams to ensure smooth deployments of tools, patches and upgrades Mentoring and coaching team members 3 years of hands-on experience with DevOps tools and approaches Strong hands-on troubleshooting and deployment experience at least one automation tool (Jenkins, Azure DevOps, GitLab, Bamboo) Infrastructure automation knowledge and experience with tooling ideally Ansible or ( Chef, Puppet, Terraform, Jenkins) Extensive Windows Server and Linux experience with strong shell scripting and system programming capability (POSIX Shell, Bash, PowerShell) (Nice to have) Experience with Docker would be desirable Some cloud experience (Azure, AWS, GCP) would be desirable OpenShift experience an asset Familiarity with systems monitoring, log aggregation, and dashboard solutions (e.g. Elastic, ELK, Splunk, Prometheus) Experience with promoting a DevOps culture and introducing it to new teams. Excellent written and oral communication skills An understanding of what is possible, what is not possible, and the maturity to communicate this to our clients effectively Experience working with external clients as a consultant is an asset 
ScrapedJobID797:
Monitor performance of ever-growing technological landscape Take ownership of tasks and follow up as required Document system changes Install, investigate, diagnose and solve computer software and hardware faults Maintain and update inventory in asset management system when required Must be eligible to work in Canada 2-5 years of experience working in a similar role Proficient in computer hardware/software, cabling installation and support, wireless technology, and IT security Good understanding of networking fundamentals (DNS, DHCP, VLAN etc…) Strong problem solver with attention to detail Multi-tasking and time-management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks as necessary Excellent communication skills – Written and verbal Proven ability to work autonomously Walking/skiing/snowboarding 
ScrapedJobID798:
A solid foundational experience working as a leader in a professional services firm, and able to bring those experiences to the forefront when advising clients, leading teams, and assisting with the expansion of the Application Security team. Experienced providing application security advice and guidance with regard to the SAP platform (role design, user lifecycle management, segregation of duties Experienced and fully capable of steering and delivering large, complex SAP solutions with multidisciplined and virtual resources. Ability to foresee IT risks and implications on SAP programs, with the ability to identify weaknesses and recommend solutions to senior stakeholders Experience with business process controls Experience with cloud security, with certifications such as CCSP and CISSP Ability to obtain Government of Canada security clearance Fluently bilingual in both official languages You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID799:
We are Family We Enjoy Our Work We are Customer Obsessed We are Small Town Canada We are Proud of Our Quality Setup, configuration and install of software for new desktop equipment (PC’s, monitors and phones) Regular review of all workstations for software updates including Windows Updates, Antivirus, Passwords, MS Office, and related business applications Assistance with password issues Assistance with application support and usage, including MS Office, Navision ERP, Jet Reports Assistance with printing, scanning and electronic document storage Troubleshooting user connections to wireless and wired networks Phone connections (setup/add/move), and assistance with use Connecting users to networks or relocating internally Retail support contact for Internet/printing and Point of Sale software support issues Assist Manager as on-site contact for weekend coverage Installation and patching of company devices and servers Experience supporting backup routines; storage, monitoring and testing Supporting VPN, user-permission levels, and password management Ensuring users have necessary, up to date, business software installed on machines & can access the same Testing and random audit for select users to ensure software/application is working Following up and completion of ‘for-later’ items related to project Serve as primary contact for IT Service Desk to manage and resolve Customer requests Provide remote support to retail stores and staff Work collaboratively with all Kawartha Dairy internal teams in delivering excellent technological and prompt customer support 3-5 years’ experience in an IT related field Bachelors or college degree in Information Technology or related technical field A+, Networking+ or other IT related certifications desired Experience with administration in an Active Directory environment Familiar with Window Server 2019 and 2016 administration Strong knowledge of TCP/IP, networking, and firewalls Advanced knowledge of O365 software, including Outlook, OneDrive and MS security products Advanced knowledge of email troubleshooting, including use of Spam filtering software Sound communication, troubleshooting and interpersonal skills; Prior experience in a manufacturing environment an asset Strong organizational and analytical skills and a strong team orientation; High level of self-motivation and initiative; Proficiency and dependability in current position. Knowledge of WHMIS, GMP and other Health and Safety related programs. Previous support experience with Veeam, VMWare or Azure cloud hosted environments Knowledge with warehouse management systems, including hardware and preferably with our new ERP software, Navision. Someone who identifies problems, analyzes data, makes good decisions based on solid information and someone who has experience with “implementation processes” should really apply for this role and become a part of our Kawartha Dairy Family. Has the ability to adapt and both work independently and with others easily in a constantly changing, high paced, but super fun environment. And if you possess all the above then we would also like to have someone who understands and constantly pursues the principles of continuous improvement. Lives our Values and wants to join us on our journey Financial Peace of Mind. Competitive salary. Annual performance bonus program The Health Benefits are On Us. Comprehensive group benefits (vision, dental, prescription, travel plans) at no cost to you for single/family monthly premiums. Grow with Us. An opportunity for career development in a dynamic Canadian-owned company with an amazing company Culture Prepare for the Future. RRSP with a generous company match Perks, Perks, Perks! Discount on products sold in our retail stores, free daily dairy beverages (we do make awesome milk) provided in all our company fridges. And the best thing about working at Kawartha Dairy – you get FREE ICE CREAM!!! 
ScrapedJobID800:
Provide risk management services, including assessment of technology risks Carrying out the audit work in an optimal fashion in compliance with deadlines and budgetary requirements outlined in the planning phase Documenting clear and concise audit evidence obtained during the execution of the audit and validate their relevance and quality of information Conducting analyses of control deficiencies noted during the course of the audit and their impact on financial data and the overall audit strategy Establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships internally with PwC teams and external clients Actively monitoring external trends in the areas of IT, remote access features, authentication mechanisms, threat/risk evaluations, intrusion tests and vulnerability evaluation while also acquiring knowledge on these topics Supporting Managers and Senior Managers in the planning of audits based on a careful assessment of risks and controls in compliance with PwC's auditing standards Working with existing processes/systems whilst making constructive suggestions for improvements Supporting development of more junior staff through on the job coaching An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives Hands on experience conducting full cycle risk and control assessments (planning through to execution) including ability to lead with frameworks such as ISO 27001, NIST, HITRUST, CIS, SOC 2, COSO, COBIT Proven ability to document processes, risks and controls, develop and execute testing programs, assess control design and operating effectiveness, and to provide recommendations for improvements Demonstrated commitment to providing excellent client service, by building and maintaining productive relationships with both internal and external clients Excellent knowledge of technology, IT practices and standards, infrastructure-related risks and controls in the areas of information security Foundational understanding of ERP environments (for example Oracle, SAP) Ability to maintain high standard to deliver projects/assignments on time Certifications in CPA, CISSP, PMP, CRISC, CISM or CISA (differential) Exposure to various data analytic tools (Tableau, Alteryx) Excellent communication, interpersonal and relationship management skills 
ScrapedJobID801:
WE NOT ME – we understand that success is fleeting if we don’t put others first KICK SOME MOON DUST – we believe that the key to greatness is to be willing to go where no one has ever gone before RIDE TOGETHER. WIN TOGETHER – we believe that the whole TEAM is greater than the sum of its individual players and Together Everyone Achieves More WE EAT THE STINKY CHEESE – we have a curious mind, and never stop learning WAKE UP. BE AWESOME. REPEAT – we believe that working hard is the result of a great attitude and passion for living each day at our best, and NO DONKEYS – we know that life is too short to work with, or do business with, those that think and act like donkeys. Provide hands-on technical support for server, network and security infrastructure Work with management to research, evaluate recommend and oversee the deployment of a disaster recovery plan Develop a company-wide security policy and manage resources for a successful deployment Establish, monitor and evaluate compliance with security protocols Provide instructional sessions to staff for security awareness and best practices Other related responsibilities, as required Diploma or degree in Information Technology with a focus on networking and security Several years’ experience in hands-on technical roles relating to server, enterprise networking and IT security technologies Strong knowledge of networking protocols, security technologies/concepts, application protocols, and backup strategies Working knowledge of most of the following areas: VPNs and remote connectivity, intrusion protection systems, network access control, content filtering, malware detection, vulnerability and security scanning, penetration testing in a predominantly Windows environment Ability to work independently and in a team environment 
ScrapedJobID802:
Prior experience with LAN networking infrastructure Prior experience with Layer 3 routing protocols such as RIP, OSPF, BGP Experience with Layer 2 protocols and technologies such as Spanning Tree, LACP, 802.1p/q Experience with WAN technologies such as MPLS, VPN Experience with Firewall products such as Palo Alto, Fortinet, Checkpoint, Cisco Understanding of modern network infrastructure security risks Understanding of LAN and WAN network infrastructure design Experience in deploying, managing and troubleshooting large network infrastructure environments Expected to maintain technical certification status with key product vendors Additional training will be provided Experience with Linux OS is an asset Networking industry certifications is an asset Prior project management experience is an asset 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID803:

ScrapedJobID804:
Design and implement IT infrastructure solutions for external clients including network architecture, redundancy and failover mechanisms, and server specifications (Dell, HP, VMware, Cisco, etc.) Communicate with clients to determine project related IT requirements Participate in the full project lifecycle, and work with project managers to deliver project deliverables from design to execution University degree/college diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related field 2+ years of experience designing and implementing critical network architectures with Cisco Switches and Firewalls Working knowledge of Active directory, Windows Server, SQL, IIS and patching practices Knowledge of Virtualization Technologies (VMware, Hyper-V) Knowledge of Security best practices and common elements Experience with server hardware leveraging SAN and VSAN technologies The ability to clearly and efficiently communicate with both non-technical and technically adept personnel The ability to work independently and as part of a team Critical Thinker/Problem Solver Detail-oriented personality with ability to multi-task efficiently The ability and strong desire to learn and use new technology Industry recognized certifications are an asset, but not a requirement (such as MCSE, MCP, MCSA, A+, CCNA, VCP) Ability to travel as required mostly within Canada and the United States (approximately 20 - 30%) 
ScrapedJobID805:
Onboarding/offboarding users, new hire orientation Setup, support, decommissioning of:
Computer hardware: laptops, desktops, servers, printers, mobile devices
AD accounts
Office365/Exchange accounts
Endpoint Management (Microsoft Endpoint Manger)
Azure infrastructure
SSO and MFA solutions
Application delivery
Remote/WFH user connectivity, VPN, RDP Computer hardware: laptops, desktops, servers, printers, mobile devices AD accounts Office365/Exchange accounts Endpoint Management (Microsoft Endpoint Manger) Azure infrastructure SSO and MFA solutions Application delivery Remote/WFH user connectivity, VPN, RDP Gathering evidence for compliance audits; enforcing IT policies
physical IT asset inventories
enforcing device compliance policies
cyber security training physical IT asset inventories enforcing device compliance policies cyber security training Basic networking, troubleshooting WiFi /hardwired connectivity: patching between wall ports, patch panels, switches, and routers PowerShell scripting, group policies, other automation A/V setup and support 5 years of IT helpdesk/support experience Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices, and other tech products; experience with Windows and Mac OS’s, Windows server OS’s, MS Azure, Office 365 back and front end (Teams, Office, Exchange, Outlook). Microsoft Endpoint Manger or other endpoint management solutions. Experience with SharePoint, PowerShell scripting, Virtual Desktop solutions an asset Ability to diagnose and resolve technical issues Proficiency in English Excellent communication skills Customer-oriented 
ScrapedJobID806:
8 hour shift Do you have experience with: PC and Apple hardware? Do you have experience with: Fortinet Networking and Security Fabric technologies products? Do you have experience with: Microsoft Office 365 Suite products? English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID807:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Support and/or lead customer projects in critical infrastructure sectors (energy, transit, manufacturing) Assist in pre-sales in the role of a technical expert to work with our customers to determine their need for security services and design practical solutions Participate in and lead research projects that develop new and innovative approaches to Cyber Defense; develop proof of concept implementations to show feasibility in relevant OT industrial domains, and support integrating the new concepts into operations Collaborate with other topic matter experts within Siemens and maintain a network into industry to exchange ideas and understand how an advancing state of the art gets integrated into the existing operations model 3 - 5 years of hands-on experience in OT cyber defense, e.g., in consulting, security monitoring & attack detection, incident response & forensics, or security engineering Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Security, Engineering, or other relevant area required. Master’s degree is a strong advantage. Excellent up-to-date technical and hands-on knowledge/experience in current attack methods, detection approaches, state-of-the-art detection tools (e.g., SIEM, anomaly detection, etc), protection concepts (defense-in-depth, network protection, endpoint protection, cloud protection) Previous OT experience required Experience in the utility (power, gas, water), O&G, or transit sector, a significant plus Relevant security certifications such as GICSP, GRID, GCIP, CISSP Analytic problem solver with client-facing experience and a strong hands-on and can-do attitude Ability to drive projects by themselves and willingness to support team members on other projects Willingness to travel up to 20% domestically/internationally 
ScrapedJobID808:
Develop a security program and security projects that address identified risks and business security requirements; engage with the Director for approval. Manage the process of gathering, analyzing, and assessing the current and future threat landscape, as well as providing the Director, ITS with a realistic overview of risks and threats in the enterprise environment. Develop budget projections based on short- and long-term goals and objectives and present it to the Director, ITS for approval Monitor and report on the technical state of current IT and OT security risk across all of Irving Oil’s operating companies, including the existing infrastructure’s adherence to security policies. Manage a staff of information security professionals, hire and train new staff, conduct performance reviews, and provide leadership and coaching, including personal development programs for team members. Recommend and manage the implementation of technical controls to support and enforce defined security policies. Manage outsourced vendors that provide information security functions for compliance with contracted service-level agreements. Manage the day-to-day activities of vulnerability management, identify risk tolerances, recommend treatment plans, and communicate information about residual risk. Assist and guide the disaster recovery planning team in the selection of recovery strategies and the development, testing and maintenance of disaster recovery plans. Ensure audit trails, system logs and other monitoring data sources are reviewed periodically and comply with policies and audit requirements. Design, coordinate and oversee security testing procedures to verify the security of systems, networks, and applications, and manage the remediation of identified risks. Certification from ISC2: Preferably CISSP Strong leadership skills and the ability to work effectively with business managers, IT engineering and IT operations staff. The ability to interact with Irving Oil personnel, build strong relationships across all business units and organizations, and understand business imperatives. A strong understanding of the business impact of security tools, technologies, and policies. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Experience with common information security management frameworks, such as International Standards Organization (ISO) 2700x, NIST Cyber Security Framework and DoE Cyber Capability Maturity Model Strong project management skills and experience in creating and managing project plans, including budgeting and resource allocation. Proficiency in managing risk, business impact, control, and vulnerability assessments, and in defining treatment strategies. Strong analytical skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls. Travel is not a requirement for this position. A technical bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience; an MBA. or MS is preferred. Minimum of 10 years IT experience 5+ years in an Information Security role 2+ years IT leadership experience C ertification from ISC2: Preferably CISSP is an asset Experience developing and maintaining policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID809:
Onboarding/offboarding users, new hire orientation Setup, support, decommissioning of:
Computer hardware: laptops, desktops, servers, printers, mobile devices
AD accounts
Office365/Exchange accounts
Endpoint Management (Microsoft Endpoint Manger)
Azure infrastructure
SSO and MFA solutions
Application delivery
Remote/WFH user connectivity, VPN, RDP Computer hardware: laptops, desktops, servers, printers, mobile devices AD accounts Office365/Exchange accounts Endpoint Management (Microsoft Endpoint Manger) Azure infrastructure SSO and MFA solutions Application delivery Remote/WFH user connectivity, VPN, RDP Gathering evidence for compliance audits; enforcing IT policies
physical IT asset inventories
enforcing device compliance policies
cyber security training physical IT asset inventories enforcing device compliance policies cyber security training Basic networking, troubleshooting WiFi /hardwired connectivity: patching between wall ports, patch panels, switches, and routers PowerShell scripting, group policies, other automation A/V setup and support 5 years of IT helpdesk/support experience Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices, and other tech products; experience with Windows and Mac OS’s, Windows server OS’s, MS Azure, Office 365 back and front end (Teams, Office, Exchange, Outlook). Microsoft Endpoint Manger or other endpoint management solutions. Experience with SharePoint, PowerShell scripting, Virtual Desktop solutions an asset Ability to diagnose and resolve technical issues Proficiency in English Excellent communication skills Customer-oriented 
ScrapedJobID810:
8 hour shift Do you have experience with: PC and Apple hardware? Do you have experience with: Fortinet Networking and Security Fabric technologies products? Do you have experience with: Microsoft Office 365 Suite products? English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID811:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Support and/or lead customer projects in critical infrastructure sectors (energy, transit, manufacturing) Assist in pre-sales in the role of a technical expert to work with our customers to determine their need for security services and design practical solutions Participate in and lead research projects that develop new and innovative approaches to Cyber Defense; develop proof of concept implementations to show feasibility in relevant OT industrial domains, and support integrating the new concepts into operations Collaborate with other topic matter experts within Siemens and maintain a network into industry to exchange ideas and understand how an advancing state of the art gets integrated into the existing operations model 3 - 5 years of hands-on experience in OT cyber defense, e.g., in consulting, security monitoring & attack detection, incident response & forensics, or security engineering Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Security, Engineering, or other relevant area required. Master’s degree is a strong advantage. Excellent up-to-date technical and hands-on knowledge/experience in current attack methods, detection approaches, state-of-the-art detection tools (e.g., SIEM, anomaly detection, etc), protection concepts (defense-in-depth, network protection, endpoint protection, cloud protection) Previous OT experience required Experience in the utility (power, gas, water), O&G, or transit sector, a significant plus Relevant security certifications such as GICSP, GRID, GCIP, CISSP Analytic problem solver with client-facing experience and a strong hands-on and can-do attitude Ability to drive projects by themselves and willingness to support team members on other projects Willingness to travel up to 20% domestically/internationally 
ScrapedJobID812:
Develop a security program and security projects that address identified risks and business security requirements; engage with the Director for approval. Manage the process of gathering, analyzing, and assessing the current and future threat landscape, as well as providing the Director, ITS with a realistic overview of risks and threats in the enterprise environment. Develop budget projections based on short- and long-term goals and objectives and present it to the Director, ITS for approval Monitor and report on the technical state of current IT and OT security risk across all of Irving Oil’s operating companies, including the existing infrastructure’s adherence to security policies. Manage a staff of information security professionals, hire and train new staff, conduct performance reviews, and provide leadership and coaching, including personal development programs for team members. Recommend and manage the implementation of technical controls to support and enforce defined security policies. Manage outsourced vendors that provide information security functions for compliance with contracted service-level agreements. Manage the day-to-day activities of vulnerability management, identify risk tolerances, recommend treatment plans, and communicate information about residual risk. Assist and guide the disaster recovery planning team in the selection of recovery strategies and the development, testing and maintenance of disaster recovery plans. Ensure audit trails, system logs and other monitoring data sources are reviewed periodically and comply with policies and audit requirements. Design, coordinate and oversee security testing procedures to verify the security of systems, networks, and applications, and manage the remediation of identified risks. Certification from ISC2: Preferably CISSP Strong leadership skills and the ability to work effectively with business managers, IT engineering and IT operations staff. The ability to interact with Irving Oil personnel, build strong relationships across all business units and organizations, and understand business imperatives. A strong understanding of the business impact of security tools, technologies, and policies. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Experience with common information security management frameworks, such as International Standards Organization (ISO) 2700x, NIST Cyber Security Framework and DoE Cyber Capability Maturity Model Strong project management skills and experience in creating and managing project plans, including budgeting and resource allocation. Proficiency in managing risk, business impact, control, and vulnerability assessments, and in defining treatment strategies. Strong analytical skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls. Travel is not a requirement for this position. A technical bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience; an MBA. or MS is preferred. Minimum of 10 years IT experience 5+ years in an Information Security role 2+ years IT leadership experience C ertification from ISC2: Preferably CISSP is an asset Experience developing and maintaining policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID813:
Lead/participate in the development and presentation of business/value cases. Lead/participate in the development of business requirements to support business/value cases. Assist in the development and implementation of solutions to meet the strategic objectives and goals. Contributeperspective to project teams. Document workflow processes and use cases. Facilitate business requirements gathering sessions. Gather requirements and help build and document specifications for development. Document session results which include business processes, requirements and analysis gathering and design, etc. Work with Development, QA, and Production Support teams to communicate, verify, and test the desired functionality changes. Work with the clients to demonstrate the changes to the system to ensure all relevant business needs are addressed. Develop training materials and provide training in one-on-one or classroom environment. Manage multiple competing priorities through effective organization and communication. Recommend and institute BA best practice and methodology and tools. Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or similar disciplines is preferred but an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 7-10 years of industry relevant experiencewithprogressive experience in software related projects, including testing and documentation. Must have knowledge and experience in the use of information and communications technologies. Must have excellent communication skills (oral and written). Experience in public sector/government is an asset. Knowledge and experience in strategic planning and change management is an asset. Possess experience in stakeholder management and collaboration. CCBA(Certified Certificate in Business Analysts) or CBAP (Certified Business Analyst Professional)certificationor equivalentis an asset. Understanding of business analysis principles, processes, and techniques. Ability to develop and prepare use cases, functional specifications, and technical requirements. Strong consultative and advisory skills. 
ScrapedJobID814:
Responsible for the design, management, execution and implementation of the three-year IRP Students Risk and Assurance plan. Ensures the IRP Student Risk and Assurance plan continues to focus on the highest risks to the program. Works in collaboration with the Chief Assurance and Risk Officer, IRP Student and organizational leaders to help ensure IRP Student is successfully delivered. Leads and manages the integrated risk and assurance program, ensuring that IRP Student aligns with the vision and objectives of the university. Creates and implements a continuous improvement and quality assurance framework for the IRP Student Risk and Assurance function. This is a comprehensive framework that will be based on globally accepted risk and assurance frameworks, aligned with best practices, and will be progress and risk-based in nature. Ensures effective ongoing communications and reporting to the various levels of the project governance and UBC executive leadership, IT Advisory Council (ITAC), and the Board about the management of the program's key risks. Oversees the development of briefing notes and material for the UBC Board of Governors and the IT Advisory Council and other key governance bodies. Responsible for ensuring timeliness and appropriateness of material to facilitate decision making by all levels of governance is relation risk. Partners with IRP Program Director, Sponsors and Executives to assess the adequacy of established benchmarks and measures of success. Provides strategic oversight in the independent assessment of the IRP Student risk management program, planning framework and the effectiveness of implemented protocols. Ensures IRP Student has effective protocols are in place to monitor and report on program activities, schedule, benefits, budgets and risks, and develop strategies and mitigations for risks and issues that occur. Designs, implements and oversees an effective co-sourcing model, which includes going to market to engage a co-sourcing partner to provide capacity and capability to the IRP Student Risk and Assurance team. Balances a collaborative advisory-style focused on proactively assisting in the assessment and design of mitigations of key institutional risks, with the responsibility for independence and objectivity. Accountable for continued enhancement of the cadence, timeliness, and transparency of IRP Student risk and assurance reporting processes while ensuring independence and objectivity. Remains current with the evolving discipline of transformation assurance, particularly in relation to emerging risks, the integration of risk with organizational strategy, agile auditing, and technology trends. Actively engages to promote exceptional working relationships with key external partners, liaises and builds relationships with key stakeholders and vendors. Leads a collaborative, effective and capable team of IRP Student risk and assurance professionals, and other department staff as required, with expertise on leading practices and subject matter knowledge that accommodate UBC and IRP Student key risks. Oversees the multi-year ERA IRP Student risk and assurance internal staffing and co-sourcing budget. Ensures the team of professional IRP Student risk and assurance staff have sufficient business, IT and transformational program knowledge, skills, experience, and professional certifications to deliver the IRP Student Risk and Assurance Plan. Develops strategic partnerships and working relationships with IRP Student leadership and provides proactive and value-add consulting and assurance services in a collaborative manner. Provides the necessary leadership to ensure information sharing and integration of university risk and assurance services. Performs other related duties as required. Professional IT and non-IT designations in risk management, assurance/audit and/or compliance (e.g. CRISC, CGEIT, CIA, CRMA). Demonstrated ability to bring new ideas to the table and think outside of the box for forward thinking solutions to complex issues. Knowledge of project management disciplines and best practices, IT operations best practices, and benchmarks. Strong skills in areas of strategic planning, tactical planning, project management, risk management, business process improvement, continuous improvement, quality assurance, research, infrastructure development and maintenance, operations management and customer service. Effective leadership, consulting, communication, facilitation, conflict resolution and negotiation and team-building skills. Ability to enhance and contribute in a collegial and collaborative environment. Ability to build effective and collaborative relationships, consult with clients and stakeholders. Ability to be tenacious in achieving goals and overcoming obstacles and constraints. Experience presenting to boards and other senior committees. Experience preparing and presenting materials for a senior audience; Exceptional written and verbal skills as well as presentation. Demonstrated ongoing career development through active and self-motivated professional development. Comprehensive tactical and strategic-level knowledge of IT. Areas of relevance include: applications development, business analysis, enterprise architecture, project management, quality assurance, IT governance, data governance, cybersecurity, cloud platforms, infrastructure. Ability to lead, manage and motivate, work in a team and collaborative environment, to make strategic decisions under pressure, to speak to non-technical people about technical issues. Able to fully understand the risk appetite of an organization and to prioritize and react appropriately based on risk and value. Significant experience working in a dynamic, project-based environment with emphasis on timelines, and value realization. Understands and is able to work effectively in the context of the culture and traditions and of a public university and is able to engender the confidence and respect of faculty, staff and students. Ability to develop effective and collaborative relationships with organizational leaders, the executive team, and the Board of Governors Audit Committee and demonstrates professionalism and independence. Demonstrated ability to successfully, lead, inspire, and mentor diverse high-performing teams towards strategic goals of a risk and assurance function that ultimately supports the achievement of the organization and vision. Strategic thinker and problem solver and the ability to see the bigger picture. Progressive, forward-looking, risk-based approach with a willingness to fully embrace leading edge practices. Ability to deal with sensitive and confidential issues using well developed discretion and judgement. Ability to maintain absolute confidentiality of information and communicate only appropriate information to individuals at the appropriate time. Innovative, dynamic, and adaptive. Courageous and direct. Strong planning and organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID815:
8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID816:
Le candidat, qui relèvera du chef de service de l’architecture de sécurité des TI, sera responsable de ce qui suit : Contribuer à l’architecture de sécurité. Participer à des projets de sécurité des TI sous sa responsabilité, en veillant à ce qu’ils soient conformes aux activités de l’entreprise. Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : CISSP, CISM et CISA Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID817:
Project Team Integration (30%): Collaborating with project team members to assist in creating required documents & checklists. Reviewing project plans to ensure alignment with security operations is considered and/or new processes are developed. Aiding Security Architecture with completion of project RFI/RFP documentation. Security Operational Expertise (50%) – Developing and documenting security standards and best practices that Finning should follow. Supporting the Security Operations Centre (SOC) Operational tasks through automation and technical efficiencies. Responding to any security breaches or intrusions. Enhancement of Security maturity (20%) – Helping provide organizational security awareness including content and training. Educating the workforce on information security awareness and best practices. Assisting with rapid, agile digital initiatives by providing design and contract reviews. A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing, or Engineering. Security certification will be an asset. Obtained at least one of or working towards the following certifications:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Information Systems Security Architecture Professional (ISSA)
GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC)
GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP) Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Information Systems Security Architecture Professional (ISSA) GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC) GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP) Direct experience with Security technologies such as: Firewalls, Endpoint Protection, Cloud Security Platforms, Security Logging & Monitoring, Email filtering. Experienced time management skills, researching and developing security policies, standards and procedures. Sound understanding and implementation of cybersecurity trends, security methodologies, and OSI model; TCP/IP stack, C++, and Java; Python Net, bash, and power shell. Ability to effectively communicate security concepts to technical and non-technical audiences. High level of personal integrity, with the ability to handle confidential and otherwise sensitive matters professionally and with the appropriate level of judgment and maturity. 
ScrapedJobID818:
Experience with Python, Java, or JavaScript AWS/Azure/GCP concepts and automation Experience in project management Configuration management automation knowhow (Teraform, Chef, or other tools) Substantial knowledge in all aspects of Infrastructure Technology, IaaS, and DevOps concepts Excellent communication skills, strong project management skills, results-oriented Application Security and Security Operation knowledge are strong assets Get to work with an experienced security team and build on your own security knowledge Automate security pipelines to help improve the security posture of SAP Automate tool deployment Demonstrate responsibility for critical microservices deployment Gain exposure to modern architectural concepts 
ScrapedJobID819:
Assessing and implementing security solutions for clients Reviewing security-related events, assessing risk and validity, as well as reporting on security postures and recommending corrective actions when required Working with security vendors to understand their solution offerings and advise clients on appropriate technologies and architectures, based on their needs Conducting research on the latest security technologies and standards, as well as the threat and vulnerability landscape, in order to advise clients and recommend appropriate actions Facilitating use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services. Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems or Information Security or relevant experience in these domains Good understanding of basic networking concepts/principles (routing, switching, IP addressing etc.) and common services/protocols is important Knowledge of foundational systems security principles is important Knowledge of application security concepts and overall application design is important Experience in application development and knowledge of main programming languages, hacking or network security, and performing eForensics, investigations or incident management are assets You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID820:
Vous souhaitez joindre une équipe d’experts dans la définition de la stratégie de gouvernance en sécurité de l’information, de participer à des projets d’architecture de sécurité, votre place est avec nous ! Vous rêvez de développer votre expertise en conformité et/ou contribuer à l’exécution des processus entourant la gestion du risque de la sécurité de l’information, votre place est avec nous ! Vous aimez accompagner une clientèle d’affaires et exercer un rôle-conseil, votre place est avec nous ! Vous aimez être dans le feu de l’action, répondre aux incidents de sécurité et faire partie d’une équipe d’experts opérationnelle hors-pair, votre place est avec nous ! Le merveilleux monde de la gestion des identités et des accès n’a plus de secret pour vous autant d’un point de vue stratégie, tactique ou opérationnel, votre place est avec nous ! Les indicateurs, les suivis, l’analyse de la performance des équipes, la gestion de projet, la gestion des compétences, la rigueur est dans vos aptitudes et oui, votre place est avec nous ! 
ScrapedJobID821:
Provides strategic input into business decisions as a trusted advisor. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks and mitigation techniques for designated areas. Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies. Identifies and recommends opportunities to create/contribute to the tactical and strategic vision of the organization. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Presents data and information to all levels within IT and to business units. Leads/oversees the management of vendor relationships and provides guidelines for execution; ensures that all agreements are met as per requirements. Stays abreast of industry, information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Analyzes trends and stays current with industry events to proactively prevent information security issues. Understands the strategy, plans, activities and needs of all stakeholders and translates those business needs into solutions and makes recommendations. Provides advice, counsel and support on information security matters and recommends solutions to assigned business/group leaders on principles, frameworks, programs, approaches, trends, legislation and regulatory requirements including interpretation of policy and identification and management of risk. Builds credibility and influences/negotiates effectively to drive business performance through development and delivery of information security solutions. Tracks metrics and milestones, providing recommendations for resolution and escalating as appropriate when issues arise. Facilitates discussions and follows a disciplined approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage initiatives and issues with stakeholders by applying a variety of elicitation techniques to probe, challenge and understand associated risks. Promotes process improvements and methodologies; keeps emerging information security issues and trends in mind and ensures standards are followed. Creates professional presentations and deliver them in a meaningful concise way. Assesses information security impact to a project’s benefits and risks when scope changes. Develops and champions information security best practices, including staying abreast of industry information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Gathers, examines and interprets data and information to extract meaningful insights, answer business questions and provide actionable recommendations. Assists with continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities. Ensures consistent, high quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals. Operates at a group/enterprise-wide level and serves as a specialist resource to senior leaders and stakeholders. Applies expertise and thinks creatively to address unique or ambiguous situations and to find solutions to problems that can be complex and non-routine. Implements changes in response to shifting trends. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. 10 years combined experience in C ontainers and Middleware/platforms and working in security Min of 5 years working in Cyber Security and infrastructure Knowledge of security hardening creation, management for platform infrastructure Typically 7+ years of relevant experience and a post-secondary degree in Information Security, Computer Science, Engineering, and/or Information Systems or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Multiple information security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS).Possesses an expert level of knowledge of information security processes, procedures and controls. Understanding of industry standards and frameworks e.g. NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO 27001 and 27002 - In-depth/Expert. Knowledge of business analysis, project delivery practices and standards across the project lifecycle - In-depth/Expert. Demonstrates in depth knowledge of information security concepts, methodology, processes, procedures and controls. Understanding and problem solving ability of information security issues across the bank - In-depth/Expert. Understanding of information security risk and regulatory requirements - In-depth/Expert. Knowledge of the technical/business environment and the corporate processes and procedures - In-depth/Expert. Seasoned professional with a combination of education, experience and industry knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth / Expert. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth / Expert. Influence skills - In-depth / Expert. Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration - In-depth / Expert. Able to manage ambiguity. Data driven decision making - In-depth / Expert. 
ScrapedJobID822:
Available 7/24 for escalations Responsible to implement solutions to improve the customer experience Active participation on major incidents through their lifecycle in order to meet expected SLA / SLOs up to resolution Ability to provide leadership and technical guidance on Major Incident conference calls. Proactive approaches to eliminate problematic trends Produce and Review Post Mortem Reports in a timely manner Facilitate Governance meetings with various partners (Help Desk, Network & Field Services) Coordinate with internal teams, partners and suppliers to establish communications and manage expectations Ensure quality control on Problem/Incident activities Meet with Customer Service Account Managers on a regular basis to present results and action plans related to Problem Management activities Provide communications to internal business groups and executives throughout the Problems record life cycle Identify service improvement opportunities and analyze Risk Assessments The Incident Manager acts as the single point of contact for all customer escalations and service assurance related issues 3 years or more industry experience In-depth knowledge of telecommunications industry; More specifically in the following fields:
Data Centers
Managed Services (Voice and Data),
LAN/WAN technologies
Applications (e-mail, client-server applications… etc.)
Security Solutions
VoIP Data Centers Managed Services (Voice and Data), LAN/WAN technologies Applications (e-mail, client-server applications… etc.) Security Solutions VoIP Preferred Electrical Engineering / Computer Sciences degree or equivalent Preferred Certification training in Cisco, Juniper, F5, and similar Network Vendors MicroStrategy Microsoft Office products ITIL Foundations 
ScrapedJobID823:
Security technology operations (Identity Management, AD/LDAP, certificates, etc) Identity Management application configuration, maintenance, and monitoring Build and management of tools to standardized provisioning tasks Escalation point for user provisioning and role management activities Investigate issues and remediate or provide recommendations for remediation Execution of Mass imports Participate in and be a team member for various projects Perform run and maintain activities Participate in audits and perform compliance activities Work with both internal and client teams Work with service teams to secure various technologies Ensure security of client’s environment Participate in rotating on-call support covering off hours, weekends, and holidays Must be eligible for CDG Clearance Active Directory knowledge and experience (deployment and support, user management, administration and reporting) Identity Management System support, management, and monitoring including: rules configuration; user management, reporting and monitoring; object directory and web interface support and management; issue resolution; process improvement and automation of data distribution. Experience with
Microfocus (NetIQ) Identity Manager, IManager, eDirectory experience would be an asset
Configuring LDAP settings in applications and/or assisting application owners to do same.
Linux and Windows Server Administration (including job scheduling)
Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc)
XML/Xpath technology
Java Eclipse Builder
Certificates, CA and SSL
Web Services (Get, Post, REST, and SOAP)
various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS,…)
Active Directory user management, administration, and reporting
SQL technology and products
Web servers
Apache, Putty, Service Now, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass
Office products especially Excel and Access Microfocus (NetIQ) Identity Manager, IManager, eDirectory experience would be an asset Configuring LDAP settings in applications and/or assisting application owners to do same. Linux and Windows Server Administration (including job scheduling) Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc) XML/Xpath technology Java Eclipse Builder Certificates, CA and SSL Web Services (Get, Post, REST, and SOAP) various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS,…) Active Directory user management, administration, and reporting SQL technology and products Web servers Apache, Putty, Service Now, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass Office products especially Excel and Access Working knowledge of:
Web servers
Networks functionality, traffic, and communication
DMZs and securing same
SAP GUI
Remote Desktop Web servers Networks functionality, traffic, and communication DMZs and securing same SAP GUI Remote Desktop Ability and willingness to learn client-specific technologies and tools. Security background Bilingual preferred (French and English) Excellent client relationship skills Resourceful, detail and solution oriented Excellent organization skills to balance and prioritize work, and multitask Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills to troubleshoot and resolve issues Excellent communication skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Degree in Cybersecurity or related field is preferred. Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience may be acceptable. Office or Remote On-Call rotation 
ScrapedJobID824:
Provides strategic input into business decisions as a trusted advisor. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks and mitigation techniques for designated areas. Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies. Identifies and recommends opportunities to create/contribute to the tactical and strategic vision of the organization. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Presents data and information to all levels within IT and to business units. Leads/oversees the management of vendor relationships and provides guidelines for execution; ensures that all agreements are met as per requirements. Stays abreast of industry, information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Analyzes trends and stays current with industry events to proactively prevent information security issues. Understands the strategy, plans, activities and needs of all stakeholders and translates those business needs into solutions and makes recommendations. Provides advice, counsel and support on information security matters and recommends solutions to assigned business/group leaders on principles, frameworks, programs, approaches, trends, legislation and regulatory requirements including interpretation of policy and identification and management of risk. Builds credibility and influences/negotiates effectively to drive business performance through development and delivery of information security solutions. Tracks metrics and milestones, providing recommendations for resolution and escalating as appropriate when issues arise. Facilitates discussions and follows a disciplined approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage initiatives and issues with stakeholders by applying a variety of elicitation techniques to probe, challenge and understand associated risks. Promotes process improvements and methodologies; keeps emerging information security issues and trends in mind and ensures standards are followed. Creates professional presentations and deliver them in a meaningful concise way. Assesses information security impact to a project’s benefits and risks when scope changes. Develops and champions information security best practices, including staying abreast of industry information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Gathers, examines and interprets data and information to extract meaningful insights, answer business questions and provide actionable recommendations. Assists with continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities. Ensures consistent, high quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals. Operates at a group/enterprise-wide level and serves as a specialist resource to senior leaders and stakeholders. Applies expertise and thinks creatively to address unique or ambiguous situations and to find solutions to problems that can be complex and non-routine. Implements changes in response to shifting trends. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. 10 years combined experience in C ontainers and Middleware/platforms and working in security Min of 5 years working in Cyber Security and infrastructure Knowledge of security hardening creation, management for platform infrastructure Typically 7+ years of relevant experience and a post-secondary degree in Information Security, Computer Science, Engineering, and/or Information Systems or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Multiple information security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS).Possesses an expert level of knowledge of information security processes, procedures and controls. Understanding of industry standards and frameworks e.g. NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO 27001 and 27002 - In-depth/Expert. Knowledge of business analysis, project delivery practices and standards across the project lifecycle - In-depth/Expert. Demonstrates in depth knowledge of information security concepts, methodology, processes, procedures and controls. Understanding and problem solving ability of information security issues across the bank - In-depth/Expert. Understanding of information security risk and regulatory requirements - In-depth/Expert. Knowledge of the technical/business environment and the corporate processes and procedures - In-depth/Expert. Seasoned professional with a combination of education, experience and industry knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth / Expert. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth / Expert. Influence skills - In-depth / Expert. Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration - In-depth / Expert. Able to manage ambiguity. Data driven decision making - In-depth / Expert. 
ScrapedJobID825:
Available 7/24 for escalations Responsible to implement solutions to improve the customer experience Active participation on major incidents through their lifecycle in order to meet expected SLA / SLOs up to resolution Ability to provide leadership and technical guidance on Major Incident conference calls. Proactive approaches to eliminate problematic trends Produce and Review Post Mortem Reports in a timely manner Facilitate Governance meetings with various partners (Help Desk, Network & Field Services) Coordinate with internal teams, partners and suppliers to establish communications and manage expectations Ensure quality control on Problem/Incident activities Meet with Customer Service Account Managers on a regular basis to present results and action plans related to Problem Management activities Provide communications to internal business groups and executives throughout the Problems record life cycle Identify service improvement opportunities and analyze Risk Assessments The Incident Manager acts as the single point of contact for all customer escalations and service assurance related issues 3 years or more industry experience In-depth knowledge of telecommunications industry; More specifically in the following fields:
Data Centers
Managed Services (Voice and Data),
LAN/WAN technologies
Applications (e-mail, client-server applications… etc.)
Security Solutions
VoIP Data Centers Managed Services (Voice and Data), LAN/WAN technologies Applications (e-mail, client-server applications… etc.) Security Solutions VoIP Preferred Electrical Engineering / Computer Sciences degree or equivalent Preferred Certification training in Cisco, Juniper, F5, and similar Network Vendors MicroStrategy Microsoft Office products ITIL Foundations 
ScrapedJobID826:
Security technology operations (Identity Management, AD/LDAP, certificates, etc) Identity Management application configuration, maintenance, and monitoring Build and management of tools to standardized provisioning tasks Escalation point for user provisioning and role management activities Investigate issues and remediate or provide recommendations for remediation Execution of Mass imports Participate in and be a team member for various projects Perform run and maintain activities Participate in audits and perform compliance activities Work with both internal and client teams Work with service teams to secure various technologies Ensure security of client’s environment Participate in rotating on-call support covering off hours, weekends, and holidays Must be eligible for CDG Clearance Active Directory knowledge and experience (deployment and support, user management, administration and reporting) Identity Management System support, management, and monitoring including: rules configuration; user management, reporting and monitoring; object directory and web interface support and management; issue resolution; process improvement and automation of data distribution. Experience with
Microfocus (NetIQ) Identity Manager, IManager, eDirectory experience would be an asset
Configuring LDAP settings in applications and/or assisting application owners to do same.
Linux and Windows Server Administration (including job scheduling)
Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc)
XML/Xpath technology
Java Eclipse Builder
Certificates, CA and SSL
Web Services (Get, Post, REST, and SOAP)
various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS,…)
Active Directory user management, administration, and reporting
SQL technology and products
Web servers
Apache, Putty, Service Now, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass
Office products especially Excel and Access Microfocus (NetIQ) Identity Manager, IManager, eDirectory experience would be an asset Configuring LDAP settings in applications and/or assisting application owners to do same. Linux and Windows Server Administration (including job scheduling) Scripting/Programming/Web Technologies (VB, Perl, Javascript, Java, PowerShell, CSS, PHP, Html, etc) XML/Xpath technology Java Eclipse Builder Certificates, CA and SSL Web Services (Get, Post, REST, and SOAP) various protocols used in a network system. (ie: UDP, TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS,…) Active Directory user management, administration, and reporting SQL technology and products Web servers Apache, Putty, Service Now, ARS (Active Directory), DBEdit 2, WINscp, KeePass Office products especially Excel and Access Working knowledge of:
Web servers
Networks functionality, traffic, and communication
DMZs and securing same
SAP GUI
Remote Desktop Web servers Networks functionality, traffic, and communication DMZs and securing same SAP GUI Remote Desktop Ability and willingness to learn client-specific technologies and tools. Security background Bilingual preferred (French and English) Excellent client relationship skills Resourceful, detail and solution oriented Excellent organization skills to balance and prioritize work, and multitask Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills to troubleshoot and resolve issues Excellent communication skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Degree in Cybersecurity or related field is preferred. Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience may be acceptable. Office or Remote On-Call rotation 
ScrapedJobID827:
Develop, implement, and manage the overall enterprise process for security strategy and associated architecture and engineering standards. Develop and implement policies, standards and guidelines related to corporate security. Oversee the continuous monitoring and protection of facilities, personnel, and information systems. Evaluate suspected security breaches and recommend corrective actions (including incidents involving outside vendors). Serve as the enterprise focal point for security incident response planning and execution. Manage a team of skilled security analysts that perform various tasks and projects. Define and implement an ongoing MindGeek Risk Assessment program, which will define, identify, and classify critical assets, assess threats and vulnerabilities regarding those assets, and implement safeguard recommendations. Assist Internal Audits in the development of appropriate criteria needed to assess the level of new/existing applications and/or technology infrastructure elements for compliance with enterprise security standards. Establish and monitor formal certification programs regarding enterprise security standards relating to the planned acquisition and/or procurement of new applications or technologies. Assist in the review of applications and/or technology environments during the development or acquisitions process to (a) assure compliance with corporate security policies and directions and (b) assist in the overall integration process regarding MindGeek's own technology environment. Oversee the development of, and be the enterprise champion of, a corporate security awareness and training program. Manage security functions related to corporate information systems or data centers, working closely with the Director of Information Security. Evaluate changes to the corporate environment for security impact and present findings to management. Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience Minimum 1 year of management experience Excellent leadership skills Ability to weigh business risks and enforce appropriate security measures Ability to work in fast paced, rapidly changing environment Ability to work variable schedules as required Desire to learn and constantly push your limits Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong analytical and reporting skills Understanding of attack vectors and methodologies Experience with Linux and Windows Operating Systems' security Experience with open source and commercial security assessment tools Experience managing popular cloud services Standards-based architecture with an understanding of how to get there, including compliance monitoring and enforceability Knowledge of forensic investigation and reverse engineering techniques Knowledge of web development languages (HTML, JS, PHP, MySQL, etc.) Knowledge of Secure Software Development Life Cycle 
ScrapedJobID828:
Support SAP S/4 HANA Security & GRC pursuits Support practice development initiatives focused on SAP application security and GRC. Deliver SAP security and SAP GRC solutions on SAP S/4 HANA implementation projects successfully Develop and support external eminence activities for Deloitte Build strong business relationships with potential clients Promote and foster collaboration and knowledge sharing between practitioners within Deloitte Educated with a Bachelor's Degree or Diploma in a relevant area of study with a preference for in Business Administration, Computer Science, Engineering, Accounting or Information Systems or at least 5 years real world experience Holding a minimum of 2 years of SAP application security experience Able to obtain Government of Canada security clearance Experience with configuring, testing and supporting SAP S/4 and FIORI Security roles and user access Experience with providing SAP Security Operational Support and working with SLAs Experience with SAP GRC Access Control and Process Control are an asset Experience with developing or using automation and RPA tools are an asset Experience in ERP implementation and delivering of the full project life cycle You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID829:
Local Area Network Administration including Layer2/3 switching, routing and wireless preferably with Cisco / Lenovo hardware IP address planning and management Wide Area Network Planning and Administration with experience in various connectivity options from service providers (e.g. Point to Point, MPLS, Wireless, etc.) Dynamic Routing (BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, RIP) Firewall Administration preferably with CheckPoint and Sophos platforms Knowledge of key security concepts including Least Privilege, Encryption, Vulnerability Management, Penetration Testing, Security Baselines, AAA, Multi-Factor Authentication, etc. Azure Networking / VirtualWAN including networking peering, site to site VPN, client VPN, ExpressRoute, Route Tables, virtual networks ITIL with preferable experience as a ServiceNow operator Windows Server Administration including Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, File Services, ADFS, Storage Services, Internet Information Services, Public Key Infrastructure, PowerShell Identity Management preferably experience with Microsoft Identity Manager Windows Desktop operating systems preferably with Windows 10 Windows Security and Baseline Management (GPO) Storage Management preferably with HP and Lenovo gear Backup Management preferably with Veeam and/or Microsoft Azure Backup Server VMWare ESXi and Vcenter from version 5.1 to 6.7 and/or Hyper-V Azure Log Analytics Azure Monitor Minimum 10 years of experience in IT Minimum 3 years of experience in a senior role such as Senior Systems Administrator or Senior Network Administrator Experience working in a fast paced, dynamic, rapidly growing environment Excellent communications skills and interpersonal skills, both written and verbal Excellent administrative, organizational and time management skills Ability to deal effectively with a wide range of individuals. Ability to travel (if required) Ability to work after hours “If needed” to support incident resolution Ability to foster partnerships with internal and external stakeholders Articulate solutions at both a technical level and business level Have an agile mindset towards delivery Quickly adopt new technologies with an “out of the box” thought pattern Degree from recognized University or College, in Computer Science, Information Systems or a discipline relevant to the position or equivalent experience; Cisco Certifications or relevant experience Candidates should have at minimum 8 years’ experience in large dynamic IT environments Bilingual (French and English) considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID830:
Bonus pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) routing and switching (L2 & L3 protocols): 1 year (preferred) working with enterprise infrastructure: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID831:
Take end-to-end ownership of the features. Research, architect, implement and help drive innovative solutions. Actively share knowledge and document insights to support continuous team improvement and collaboration. Act as a mentor throughout the software development process. Partner and collaborate with other functions and teams. Consulting with management on the operational requirements of software solutions. Contributing expertise on information system options, risk, and operational impact. Mentoring junior software developers in gaining experience and assuming DevSecOps responsibilities. Managing the installation and configuration of solutions. Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostic tests. Documenting processes and monitoring performance metrics. Conforming to best practices in DevOps and Security. 3+ years of experience working in one of the following (or similar) capacities: DevSecOps Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). Software Development Engineers with DevSecOps experience are also encouraged to apply. Coding and scripting experience in Python, and Bash (bonus points for Ruby). Hands-on experience with container technologies, Docker, and Docker-Compose. Highly proficient with DevSecOps concepts and technologies. Experience deploying and managing web applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Heroku. Familiarity and experience with one or more of the following systems: CI/CD (CircleCI, Gitlab CICD, or similar), Logging (Sumologic, or similar), and Observability tooling (Datadog, or similar). Experience with production incidents: investigation, resolution, and root cause analysis. Experience with configuration management and IaC (Infrastructure as Code) tools (e.g., AWS CDK, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible) Strong communication skills and ability to build lasting relationships between functional teams Experience in a 24/7/365 environment Experience with AWS CDK and Cloudformation Extensive experience with AWS services of ECS Fargate, Route 53, S3, IAM, KMS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, MWAA, Sagemaker Experience with AWS serverless services (e.g. Lambda, ECS, MWAA, S3, …) * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID832:
You will be responsible technical and administration knowledge with Splunk cloud console including access administration, and oversight on Splunk cloud capacity management, asset coverage and application integrations. To support this mandate, you will work with technology and infrastructure leaders, managed security and threat intelligence service providers to develop, automate, maintain and evolve Splunk Security Information and Event Management solution playbooks and reporting modules Provide overall support for a distributed Splunk environment consisting of heavy forwarders, indexers, and search head servers, spanning security, performance, and operational roles. Familiar with recognizing and onboarding new data sources into Splunk, analyzing the data and trends, and creation of dashboard/reports highlighting the key trends of the data. Participate in new log source ingestion/integration, use case development discussions and provide subject matter expert input. Interface with Enterprise monitoring team to support/manage Splunk aggregation and deployment servers Understanding of asset management via CMDB and correlation with reporting on Splunk assets to continually improve security logging coverage/alerting Knowledge of SIEM or Splunk alerting and monitoring tools, demonstrating technical troubleshooting expertise and operations experience. Understating of enterprise server and virtualized infrastructure hardware, Cloud operations including GCP, Azure, Oracle Good working knowledge of and direct prior experience with enterprise security technologies:
Enterprise platforms:
Server platforms (Unix/Linux, Windows etc.)
Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare) Enterprise platforms:
Server platforms (Unix/Linux, Windows etc.)
Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare) Server platforms (Unix/Linux, Windows etc.) Virtualized infrastructure (VMWare) Knowledge of Splunk Security Information and Event Management and a dministration and console or any other SIEM tools including access administration, SAAS capacity management Knowledge of IT automation and orchestration, integration of IT tools and technologies utilizing tools like Phantom, Demisto other SOAR tools. Information Security Certifications is an asset Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID833:
Conducting various information security, compliance assessments, analyses, and providing advice and consultation (e.g. Report on Compliance, Risk Assessments, Gap Analysis, and more) Lead meetings, chair conference calls, action follow-ups, and proactively interact with clients to move projects forward to ultimate completion Creating professional reports for our clients that detail your assessment findings, and your advice Consulting with clients to help them understand our findings and their remediation options Providing advisory and input on security architecture with regards to PCI, Privacy, and Cyber Security Assisting our sales team with pre-sales activities, proposal creation, needs analysis, and solution design Attending industry events and leading webinars Working with multiple clients on a number of projects Writing summaries and executive briefs Travel to company offices and client work sites across Canada Degree in Information Security or related field is an asset Minimum 6 years of experience in an Information Technology field Minimum 6 years of experience working in Information Security domains Minimum 6 years of experience measuring security controls, IT auditing, business processes, providing advice, and/or related security consulting experience CISA and/or CISSP certifications is required, or must be in progress PCI QSA, PCI PA-QSA, PCI ISA, and/or PCIP, is an asset Multiple industry certifications in the Information Security/Audit is an asset Experience with Information Technology systems Experience with various information security concepts, including; network and wireless security, application security, industry best practices, systems hardening, data encryption, data privacy, incident response, business continuity, physical security, risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, file integrity monitoring, log monitoring, and documented security governance controls (i.e. policies, processes, standards, procedures) Experience with a variety of security products and technologies Experience with industry best practices and standards such as CIS and NIST, including security hardening techniques Good understanding of Unix, Linux, Windows and database server configurations Good understanding of networking systems configurations, including firewalls Good understanding of application architecture, software development lifecycle processes, including secure coding techniques Good understanding of server virtualization technologies, including AIX, ZOS, and SAN storage systems Exceptional customer service, communication and interpersonal skills Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational skills Strong time management skills Honesty and integrity Dedication to providing solutions to meet or exceed client's needs and expectations Ability to handle challenges and project work loads Company paid medical and dental benefits Company paid cellular phone, phone service, and data plan Company paid continuing professional education and certification maintenance 3 weeks of paid vacation, with 4 weeks of paid vacation after 5 years of service Company team building events throughout each year You must possess reliable transportation to travel to company offices and to client work sites Flexible work options, including working from home or Fully remote. 
ScrapedJobID834:
Sound knowledge of information systems, in particular network and/or data management, procedures and working with project teams to be able to provide functional and technical advice. Strong interpersonal and customer service skills Sound written and verbal communication skills Sound analytical skills when conducting operational reviews and participating in business improvement initiatives. Sound knowledge of office software, including web-based systems, word processing and spreadsheets. Sound knowledge of network management, radio and microwave system and site management applications. Sound knowledge of methodologies and report writer tools for supporting service and system improvements and when preparing reports and queries on a range of complex issues. 
ScrapedJobID835:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Opportunity to drive modern Observability platform that covers Cloud-native and hybrid applications Working with a team of incredibly talented and dedicated peers with hands on experience in cutting-edge cloud and Observability products A chance to share best practices and create innovative application monitoring standards and logging solutions to support cloud adoption at the firm Working with various streaming Technologies to handle TBs of data each day Provide telemetry and logging capabilities to developers and SRE organizations as part of the firms devops efforts At least 5 years of relevant experience Experience working with python Experience instrumenting applications for transaction tracing and metric collection Experience turning research ideas into actionable designs. Able to persuade stakeholders and champion effective techniques through product development Solid understanding of container technologies and container orchestration platforms Strong verbal and written communication skills as well as presentation skills Comfortable with customers with focus on customer interaction and client experience Ability to provide mentoring and contribute to local office leadership Proficiency with Linux operating system and databases Understanding of how various software components involved in enterprise service delivery interact: web servers, application servers, databases, web services, mainframes, network attached storage, and so forth Working experience of regular expressions in data extraction from log files Understanding and familiarity with log parsing Advanced degree in a relevant field is desirable. Design and monitor tools to measure a particular problem or the contribution of a particular technique over time Work closely with a cross functional team to design new features and resolve issues as they arise Experience with Azure Devops, Azure Monitor/AppInsights, as well as knowledge of integrating such telemetry with on-prem solutions as a single pane of glass Experience in Application Performance Management (APM) space Familiarity with the network and application monitoring space a plus Experience analyzing packet captures (wireshark) a plus Experience with Extrahop and Appdynamics (or similar products) Due to the roles integration within APM team, prior experience in Application Performance Management (APM) is a big plus. Database experience with at least one of the following: MySQL, DB2 or MSSQL Experience with various authentication methods such as SPNEGO, Siteminder, Kerberos, and LDAP Understanding of enterprise-networking technologies: switches, routers, firewalls, load balancers, WAN optimization technologies, and so forth Understanding of enterprise-architecture concepts: 3-tier architecture, high- availability/disaster recovery (active-active data centers, redundant switch stacks, and so forth) Understanding of the OSI model and excellent working knowledge of the key protocols from Layer 2 through Layer 7 including ARP, IP, TCP, UDP, and HTTP Understanding and familiarity of network topology, configuration of devices, network routing. Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID836:
Curieux, votre boite mail est pleine d’alertes de veille pour rester à la page Ayant soif d’apprendre, vous aimez prendre part aux projets les plus novateurs Ingénieux, votre imagination débordante vient à bout de chaque problématique 
ScrapedJobID837:
Faire l’analyse et la tendance des données du journal de sécurité à partir d’un grand nombre de périphériques de sécurité hétérogènes; Fournir un soutien ou supporter l’escalade de réponse aux incidents (IR) lorsque l’analyse confirme un incident donnant lieu à une action; Fournir une analyse des menaces et de la vulnérabilité; Étudier, documenter et signaler les problèmes de sécurité de l’information et les nouvelles tendances; Effectuer une analyse sur les systèmes compromis pour identifier l’étendue et la nature du compromis et appliquer les étapes de correction; Fournir un soutien et / ou de la recherche pour toute question ou incident lié à la sécurité; Intégrer et partager des informations avec d’autres analystes et d’autres équipes; Bonne compréhension des concepts TCP / IP et de réseautique; Compréhension des logiciels malveillants, des menaces émergentes, des attaques et de la gestion des vulnérabilités; Solides capacités de déduction, de pensée critique, de résolution de problèmes et de priorisation; Service à la clientèle incluant la résolution des escalades client et la gestion des incidents; Capacité à respecter des processus et des procédures; Capacité à présenter des solutions et des méthodes complexes; Excellente communication écrite et verbale en anglais et compétences organisationnelles; Fort esprit d'équipe, qui collabore bien avec les autres pour résoudre les problèmes; Fortes compétences interpersonnelles, de résolution de problèmes et de communication. 
ScrapedJobID838:
Perform confidently and authoritatively in the role of SailPoint Consultant on all SailPoint-related technologies from a deployment perspective. Act as a supporting deployment engineer on SailPoint deployment projects. Provide SailPoint-related troubleshooting services as part of project or post-production support activities. Ensure requirements gathered, processes defined, and use cases documented are implemented in an out of the box configuration vs. customization as much as possible Participate in all SailPoint deployment activities – connector configuration, custom rule development, workflow configuration and development, third party system integration Participate in and/or Lead User Acceptance Testing bug-related re-engineering efforts Design, implement, and educate on SailPoint build processes, code migration, and source control use Provide knowledge transfer and post production support activities, as necessary 2-3 years of current SailPoint implementation experience. Experience deploying SailPoint IdentityIQ, and preferably SailPoint IdentityNow as well, in complex and diverse customer environments on multiple types of application servers and operating systems. Extensive knowledge and understanding of Information Security, Identity & Access Management (IAM), and SailPoint technologies. Proven IAM experience. Experience working with multiple IAM-related technologies, such as Active Directory, LDAP, HRMS, DBMS, and SaaS applications. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Must be able to communicate technical details in a clear, understandable manner to multiple levels of an organization. Customer-focused with a strong interest in client satisfaction. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Management Information Systems or related area of study; or 6 or more years' related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. A company committed to championing Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion through Affinity groups including but not limited to, Women's Network, Optiv Pride, Black Employee Network, and Veterans Support Network. Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge Professional training resources, including tuition reimbursement Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projects Volunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities. The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable) 
ScrapedJobID839:
You want to lead threat hunting operations using analytics-driven, awareness-driven, and intelligence-driven analysis methodologies to detect and mitigate threats across the enterprise. You thrive to develop and implement processes and technologies to reduce costs and minimize business impacts during threat hunting engagements. You excel in developing and implementing processes and technologies to reduce costs and minimize business impacts during threat hunting engagements. You are passionate about new technologies and enjoy the challenges of continually analyzing and recommending security solutions and controls to improve deficiencies identified during all phases of investigations. You are diligent with ensuring that a proper chain of custody is maintained and that all evidence recovery and collection methods are conducted, managed, and archived in a manner consistent to maintain preservation and the protection of evidence in its original form. Adhering to industry-standard principles, methodologies, and techniques when gathering, processing, handling, and storing digital evidence is a part of your DNA. You love to collaborate with and support various security teams to develop and maintain mechanisms for occurrence reporting and the consistent management of threat hunting engagements. You have a strong and constant approach to critical thinking, threat analysis, and problem solving while maintaining both a creative and detailed orientation to job and team accountabilities. The ability to work extremely well under pressure while maintaining a high level of professionalism is critical to success in this role. You have expertise with Windows/Unix operating systems, mobile devices, PC hardware, and PC networking. You have a working knowledge of major programming languages (python, objective C, C#, SQL, AQL, others). You have knowledge and experience with data mining and analytics using relational databases (i.e. Microsoft SQL). You possess advanced communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English. The same in Spanish is a strong asset. You will have 4+ years working experience in information/cybersecurity or a related field, or a bachelor’s degree in an approved field from an accredited university and a minimum of +2 years of documented and relevant experience. professional certifications and membership of associations in the field of information/cybersecurity are preferred, but not required. Certifications such as Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC), Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP) would be assets. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity and curiosity and celebrates success We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create meaningful customer experiences You’ll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Our work from home social channel offers weekly virtual yoga, social events, learning opportunities, and lots more. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), and generous vacation. 
ScrapedJobID840:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Opportunity to drive modern Observability platform that covers Cloud-native and hybrid applications Working with a team of incredibly talented and dedicated peers with hands on experience in cutting-edge cloud and Observability products A chance to share best practices and create innovative application monitoring standards and logging solutions to support cloud adoption at the firm Working with various streaming Technologies to handle TBs of data each day Provide telemetry and logging capabilities to developers and SRE organizations as part of the firms devops efforts At least 5 years of relevant experience Experience working with python Experience instrumenting applications for transaction tracing and metric collection Experience turning research ideas into actionable designs. Able to persuade stakeholders and champion effective techniques through product development Solid understanding of container technologies and container orchestration platforms Strong verbal and written communication skills as well as presentation skills Comfortable with customers with focus on customer interaction and client experience Ability to provide mentoring and contribute to local office leadership Proficiency with Linux operating system and databases Understanding of how various software components involved in enterprise service delivery interact: web servers, application servers, databases, web services, mainframes, network attached storage, and so forth Working experience of regular expressions in data extraction from log files Understanding and familiarity with log parsing Advanced degree in a relevant field is desirable. Design and monitor tools to measure a particular problem or the contribution of a particular technique over time Work closely with a cross functional team to design new features and resolve issues as they arise Experience with Azure Devops, Azure Monitor/AppInsights, as well as knowledge of integrating such telemetry with on-prem solutions as a single pane of glass Experience in Application Performance Management (APM) space Familiarity with the network and application monitoring space a plus Experience analyzing packet captures (wireshark) a plus Experience with Extrahop and Appdynamics (or similar products) Due to the roles integration within APM team, prior experience in Application Performance Management (APM) is a big plus. Database experience with at least one of the following: MySQL, DB2 or MSSQL Experience with various authentication methods such as SPNEGO, Siteminder, Kerberos, and LDAP Understanding of enterprise-networking technologies: switches, routers, firewalls, load balancers, WAN optimization technologies, and so forth Understanding of enterprise-architecture concepts: 3-tier architecture, high- availability/disaster recovery (active-active data centers, redundant switch stacks, and so forth) Understanding of the OSI model and excellent working knowledge of the key protocols from Layer 2 through Layer 7 including ARP, IP, TCP, UDP, and HTTP Understanding and familiarity of network topology, configuration of devices, network routing. Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID841:
Keeping abreast of emerging information security threats and how they may be applicable to Save-On-Foods Leading the tactical actions within other teams to ensure that known security threats are mitigated Assisting with IT incident response including monitoring, detection, investigation, and lessons learned while always assessing and prioritizing based on business risk Conducting computer forensic investigation which may include malware analysis, memory analysis, network traffic analysis, imaging, and analysis of hard drives. Conducting security testing and web application penetration tests Ensuring that all published security services processes are understood by all groups Identity Acting as subject matter expert to provide guidance to other IT teams as they implement projects and initiatives that may have an impact to information security Fostering and promoting information security best practices, security awareness, and their value through face to face meetings and publishing articles/standards documents Ensuring that Save-On-Foods maintains compliance with external audit, contractual, and legislative requirements regarding information security by taking direct action, partnering with other teams, and/or external partners Articulating the vision of future capabilities within the security services areas using published documents and presentations Working experience with a major SIEM and EDR product such as Splunk, Sumo Logic, Crowdstrike or Microsoft Working experience with email and web security implementation and management Working experience with Cloud security such as Azure, GCP, AWS Working experience in identity and access management Working experience in automating security controls using API integrations and scripting technology Working experience in incident response The ability to identify, prioritize, and mitigate vulnerabilities Experience and advanced knowledge in conducting security tests and web application penetration tests using open source tools Knowledge of IT processes and change management processes GIAC certification(s) and/or previous SANS training (asset) A strong multi-tasker who can manage projects simultaneously An excellent written and verbal communicator with strong and presentation skills Adaptable and resilient when faced with change, pressure and challenges A fast learner who can understand new technology and concepts quickly Committed to staying current on information security best practices and industry trends 
ScrapedJobID842:
Leads Customer IAM product solution design (incl. application, infrastructure, integration) and deliver Customer IAM Technology Vision, Strategy and Roadmap to a single identity and authentication Reference Architecture Enterprise Solution Architecture (all BUs, unified identity & authentication) Security roadmap (across all BUs) - working with TSBT & TD security, understanding unique needs of TH, etc Makes key solution architecture decisions & options Sets non-functional requirements & attributes Removes technology-related obstacles removal during implementation Gains alignment across products on solution level Consults with Enterprise Architects on the specifics of tech stack used by a Product Provides thought leadership to accelerate technical and business initiatives that drive quality outcomes Collaborates and fosters strong working relationships with internal stakeholders and external partners Drives transformational change across multiple stakeholder groups in a large, complex organization A Customer and Employee IAM visionary as well Digital Identity exchange eco-system Solid understanding of SAML, Oauth, OIDC, UMA 2.0 and other identity protocols Experience with Ping Identity and preferably Okta Experienced and have 10+ years in leading identity programs including 5+ years in a senior architect role Respected as a collaborative partner and trusted advisor who builds strong relationships across the organization and providing value add Regarded as an excellent communicator, negotiator and influencer, able to communicate complex ideas and concepts to a variety of audiences including executives and senior leaders in a clear, simple, easy to understand manner Recognized for your Customer First mindset and delivering on optimal outcomes for both internal and external stakeholders Sought after for your strategic thinking, business acumen, sound decision-making and result-driven mindset with the ability to take initiative and ownership of complex issues through to resolution Noted to have a high degree of curiosity, continuously learning new topics, concepts and technologies, and also looking beyond the surface level to understand the full picture and questioning/challenge the status-quo resulting to drive higher business value Able to interact with technical team members and distill complex ambiguous problems into actionable items Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts 
ScrapedJobID843:
Experience working in and with developer relations. Experience with security concepts in the Cloud. 7 years of experience working as a technical practitioner developing, delivering, or securing applications/systems. Relevant experience presenting at technology conferences, blogging/writing technical articles, or working on open source projects. Ability to share technical knowledge and information with others. Ability to work globally and collaboratively in a team environment. Ability to be diplomatic and influence technical practitioners, stakeholders, and globally distributed teams. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Participate in security communities as a practitioner developing an understanding of that community’s needs. Represent the needs of the security communities throughout the product lifecycle and across the Cloud platform (e.g., input on design discussions, customer zero testing, launch, and post-launch updates). Advocate for the community internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy by working with product management, developing, PR, marketing, business development, and other cross-functional teams. Acquire and synthesize feedback/sentiment to drive improvement to Google Cloud Platform products and to the overall experience of the platform. Build and foster an external ecosystem of community influencers, meetups, and experts that amplify our messages and extend our reach. 
ScrapedJobID844:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Act as a Subject Mater Expert (SME) of Siemens’ Industrial network and security products and solutions Develop Industrial Network and Security architectures as per customer needs Create detailed design documentations for complex Industrial network and security solutions Perform on-site activities including: Configuration, integration and testing of industrial network and security solutions. Perform system tests and produce reports as required. Optimize an existing network and stage network for factory and lab testing as needed. Develop training course curriculums, build training material and perform training activities as needed. Prepare and present detailed technical proposals, including product demonstrations and solution prototypes. Performs complex hardware and/or software design consultation in accordance with customer/project needs. Resolves very complex technical problems to meet customers' needs. Provide post and Pre-sales support for the Siemens’ industrial network and security solutions. Generates technical collateral such as blueprints, application notes and whitepapers. Bachelor of Science/Associate degree in electrical/computer/mechanical engineering/computer science or equivalent technical degree. Network design (Topologies, Rings, Routing, VLAN, VRRP). WLAN design under IEEE 802.11 and knowledge in Rapid Roaming, IPCF, IPCF-MC. Networking analysis knowledge and proficiencies in Wireshark, SNMP, NMap, and Wireless Site Surveys Good working knowledge of Linux and Virtualized environments Experience working with Next Generation Firewalls (NGFW) Prior automation/networking experience and use of protocols in SCADA an Industrial applications Networking Certifications such as CCNP or Siemens certifications is an asset. Cybersecurity Certifications such as IEC62443 is a plus. Demonstrate project management skills. Solution fitting Troubleshooting/Fault analysis Ability to manage his/her own time and tasks with minimal supervision Self-motivated and self-starter Sound interpersonal, organizational and communication skills. Excellent command of the English language... professional knowledge of a second language (French, Spanish) is an asset Excellent command of Word, Excel, VISIO, PowerPoint and Outlook Able to accommodate for 30% to 50 % of Travel schedule internationally worldwide on short notice. Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the Canada, and able to travel to the USA and internationally on short notice 
ScrapedJobID845:
Provide Sophos customers with Technical Support within the defined parameters of Sophos Support Services including customers with defined SLAs, with a focus on quality and customer satisfaction, covering our Network products Provide advanced troubleshooting via remote sessions to modify customer’s environment towards a resolution that include, but are not limited to: Installation issues, best practice configuration, network troubleshooting, Windows, Linux, Mac and Unix OS configuration. Handle technical escalations within team response/resolution targets Ability to work weekend and on-call shifts on a rotational basis Provide Team Leader or Manager feedback with regards to Technical Support procedures and policies, with the goal of improving overall customer satisfaction as well as engineer efficiency A bachelor’s degree or technical diploma in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field 3+ years’ experience in the IT field, including experience as a Systems/Network Administrator, or a technical support role supporting Systems/Network administrators Experience with security products, such as Firewalls, IPSec, IDS/IPS, Anti -Spam, Anti-Virus, Web Security proxies, Email Security filters, VPNs Experience with Linux operating systems through the command line level Experience with Active Directory (or any LDAP variant) group policy configuration and deployment Experience with cloud virtualization such as Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure The ability to work with complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires review. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, inspiring confidence while leading customers through the steps to resolve issues via phone, and email Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Masterclass and Calm 
ScrapedJobID846:
Protects systems by monitoring networks and systems for security threats or unauthorized use. Recognizes problems by identifying abnormalities; reporting violations. Management of Firewalls and Intrusion Detection Systems. Management of Endpoint Security and Spam Gateways. Preparation of security status reports, educating users on information security, creating security documentation for technicians and end-users. Support the investigation of incidents, installation, modification or replacement of hardware or software components and any configuration change(s) that affects security, as necessary. Maintains technical knowledge by attending educational workshops and reviewing publications. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Contribute towards improvement of Information Security posture of the company by introducing new technologies and tools to deliver innovative Managed Security Services. Support Installation, Configuration and Management of LAN/WAN/WLAN devices. Experience working with vulnerability scans and network scanning tools on systems of varying complexity. Strong exposure to system administration or system engineering in the context of IT Security. Exposure to SIEM tools is an asset. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent qualification More than 5 years of industry experience and at least 2 years in IT Security. Must possess CEH or similar information security certifications. Must possess at least one of the following: CCNA, CCNP, CompTIA Network+ Industry certifications in Microsoft and Linux. 
ScrapedJobID847:
Act as a specialized resource on audits to provide subject matter expertise for planning, risk assessment and execution of audits and related processes with a high degree of complexity Play a key role in developing and implementing programs to contribute to the strategic direction of the audit Plan and lead audit activities that require alignment across multiple areas and execute follow-ups of findings arising from internal audits and regulatory reviews as per the standards Lead the ongoing audit communications and the reporting process with the client, senior management and external auditors Guide the team and participate in identification, design, testing and implementation of a wide range of complex audit initiatives Identify and resolve key issues by providing guidance for complex situations and report non-standard issues to the appropriate levels and shareholders where required Keep current on emerging trends and evolving regulatory requirements to find opportunities, and recommend improvement areas to senior management to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the team Build positive, diverse and open work environment by continually improving the efficiency, sharing deep knowledge and skills, and encouraging the team to deliver results Over 7 years of experience with undergraduate degree or relevant professional certifications, accounting designations, or equivalent education(e.g. CISA, CISM, CISSP, CIA) Advanced knowledge of business processes and operations, risk, change and project methodologies, organizational practices and business transformation Expertise in using software tools, windows applications, data analysis and reporting techniques A strong team leader who can negotiate and influence key partners including employees Aptitude in exercising sound judgment while making decisions and handle confidential information with discretion Ability to work collaboratively and communicate effectively in both oral and written form Deep knowledge of specialist auditing and integration of cross functional processes to undertake and complete a variety of audit projects and initiatives Capabilities required include subject matter expertise on infrastructure technologies (cloud computing, operating systems, networking, etc.), cyber security, to review and challenge first and second lines' of defense related control processes and mechanisms. Solid risk assessment, information security, and technical IT infrastructure knowledge of key infrastructure technologies e.g. Operating Systems (Windows/UNIX/Mainframe), databases (SQL, Oracle, Sybase, etc.), Networking, middleware, Cloud and Cyber, etc. A deep understanding of inherent technology risks and the ability to translate these risks into business language 
ScrapedJobID848:
Provide management and strategic direction to a project team and is shares responsibility. Collaborate closely with Global Head of PMO by providing monthly budget forecasts and reconciling invoices. Partner with Procurement and Vendor Management to create and execute NDAs/Contracts/Statements of Work/Change Orders, to monitor and renegotiate upon expiration of those documents. Collaborates with engineering leads to develop project milestones and facilitates development and testing progress against milestones Collaborates with Business Stakeholders and other IT Global resources to develop project Plans, identify dependencies, Risk Register and all other Project Management deliverables. Attends project meetings, provides project status and assumes the ownership for the delivery of the technical components of the program Effectively applies ELC / IT PMO methodology and enforces project standards across projects and work efforts. Provides Project Financial Management, to:
Ensure project funding processes are completed
Manage project budget and changes
Track and report team hours and expenses on a weekly basis
Update project forecasts on a monthly basis
Track and report on project burn rate Ensure project funding processes are completed Manage project budget and changes Track and report team hours and expenses on a weekly basis Update project forecasts on a monthly basis Track and report on project burn rate Creates and coordinates communication to stakeholders and assists with stakeholder management. Tracks key project milestones and manages project plans, budget and/or resources to meet the needs of stakeholders based on agreed requirements and scope, using defined change control processes. Coordinates communication with all areas of the enterprise that impacts the scope, budget, risk and resources (people/money) of the work effort being managed. Ensures project documents are complete, current and stored appropriately. Ensure all programs and projects are delivered comprehensively, completely, on time, and within budget. Collaborate with Projects/Governance Teams to kick off new projects, to submit project documentation, and to report project status. Responsible for managing all aspects of project management from discovery through delivery implementation. Identifies resource needs and ensures resources are accountable and delivering against their project commitments. Performs quality reviews and follows quality assurance procedures. Manage project risk exposure and will escalate functional, quality, timeline issues appropriately. Directs and monitors work efforts daily & selects appropriate work procedures and approaches to address technical/functional, process and/or people challenges. Participate in collecting requirements and developing ECR reports and metrics. Participate in the design and development of an updated ECR PMO SharePoint site. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field or equivalent experience. 5+ Years of Experience PMP / PgMP` / PMI-ACP / Scrum Master and/or another accredited PMI or PM certification (such as Prince 2) SDLC Methodologies - Agile / Scrum / Rapid Development / Iterative Development / Waterfall Release / Deployment management Strong communication and validation skills. Able to iterate through the requirements in phases. Evidence of staying in alignment with business sponsor, stakeholders, and management. Independent and creative analytical skills and the ability to clearly communicate ideas and confirm understanding. Demonstrated writing skills Requirements definition & management Strong interpersonal skills An exceptional communicator and spirited collaborator Knowledge of budgeting and work scheduling tools and techniques Strong production capabilities in PowerPoint, Keynote, Word, Excel, JIRA, Confluence Strong capabilities using MS Project or another Project Management Tool Previous experience managing IT Infrastructure projects Previous experience in managing IT Scope for Infrastructure Construction projects. Previous experience Managing System Integration Projects Experience working with Manufacturing and Distribution Organizations. Experience supporting Supply Chain Processes (i.e. Order Management, Distribution, Quality, New Product Launch, 3PL) Experience and expertise in Warehousing and Logistics, Manufacturing, QA and Health and Safety Experience working with (or, ability to quickly learn & master) a variety of technologies. Experienced in traditional SDLC and Agile frameworks 
ScrapedJobID849:

ScrapedJobID850:
Design, create, and curate technical training in a variety of formats (instructor-led, recorded, interactive eLearning) Rapidly learn new technologies, and apply adult learning principles to distill that knowledge into effective lessons Create hands-on lab activities to reinforce key concepts from lectures Collaborate with diverse stakeholders in R&D, Product Management, and Security Services to ensure accuracy and completeness of training Maintain and improve existing content library Become a fountain of knowledge: answer questions, source training, provide mentorship, enhance the flow of information Earn and maintain 'Certified' status within Security Services College diploma or university degree in Computer Science, a Computer Security program, or 5 years of experience in a relevant IT sector Minimum of 2 years experience in corporate or product trainer with focus in cybersecurity Able to enthusiastically create high-quality, instructor-led training Skilled at developing eLearning using Captivate, Active Presenter, or equivalent Experience with Cornerstone OnDemand or a related LMS CompTIA CTT+ Technical Trainer certification a plus Computer and/or network security Networking fundamentals Cloud infrastructure Software development/coding Instructional design Proactive mentality Ability to get things done Equity for all employees Paid parental leave Training and career development programs 
ScrapedJobID851:
Help develop the design and verification of SoCs; Duties may include RTL coding, verification, synthesis, timing closure, and documentation of various RTL blocks; Work with FPGA engineers to perform early prototyping; and/or Support test program development, chip validation, and chip life until production maturity. Collaboration with firmware, software, DV, FPGA, DFT, SoC integration, and backend teams throughout various stages of ASIC development. Knowledge of logic design, scripting languages (e.g., Perl, Python), revision control, and bug-tracking tools; Knowledge of scripting languages (e.g. Perl, Python), FPGA design, and/or embedded software tools (e.g. C, Assembly language, trace/debug); and Good writing and verbal communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID852:
Developing and maintaining project plans for your portfolio including; scope statements, schedules, communication plans, goals and milestones, deliverables and deadlines. Critically evaluating information gathered from multiple sources, reconciling conflicts, and deconstructing high- level information into details Tracking project stages and ensuring any roadblocks to completion are mitigated or escalated. Completing project coordination tasks required to initiate, organize, and close projects in your portfolio. Providing regular project documentation tracking, reporting, and follow up to both internal and external customers. Delivering elements of systems design, including data migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed deliverables. Managing changes to the original scope through change order requests where required. Facilitating and ensuring a steady flow of communication to and from team members, stakeholders, internal clients, steering committee, updating them on the projects' progress following the governance established. Defining business process and workflow models. Identifying issues and proposing resolutions, escalating to appropriate personnel as needed. Creating, analyzing, and validating detailed functional specifications. Designing, documenting and maintaining system processes for review to internal and external stakeholders. 5+ years of experience as a Project Manager or Business Analyst PMP certification or Agile certification is preferred An understanding of Change Management practices and experience in applying Change. Management within a project environment would be considered an asset. Excellent relationship and team building skills. Ability to travel or willingness to work in multiple potential locations would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID853:
Service Reliability: Proactively identifying risks to service and remediate them. Reduce risk from deployments by improved use of resilience and ensuring appropriate testing of releases pre and post deployment. Provide support and troubleshooting when service incidents occur. Improve time to recover from service impacting incidents. Identifying trends and root causes to reduce volume of incidents. Automation: Identify and deliver on opportunities to use automation to increase efficiency, reduce toil and drive service availability. Use automation and orchestration techniques to provide repeatable solutions and reduce risk of mis-operations. Observability: Monitor and ensure smooth operation of all production services. Identifying gaps in coverage and improving observability of Production services. Ensuring appropriate events are generated for service failure or degradation scenarios. Responding to events and alerts in timely manner managing through to resolution. Knowledge management: Continuously improving the knowledge of the Application Support team to become subject matter experts on the Product and the technology that runs it. Collaborating with other teams to understand how underpinning services support the Products. Identifying opportunities to share knowledge and decrease the time it takes to resolve customer related incidents. Platform and Database tech: Linux, Cassandra, Kafka, Arangodb Containerization/Virtualization: Kubernetes/OpenShift, VMware Instrumentation & Monitoring: Splunk, Zabbix, Prometheus, Grafana Scripting: Powershell, Python Service focused Experience running highly available, critical services, ideally SaaS A problem solver who takes initiative Effortlessly self-motivates while working on team-based projects or individual tasks A well organized, thorough and detail oriented person Able to keep the "bigger picture" in mind while prioritizing conflicting demands and tasks Ability to take ownership in pressurised situations to provide direction during service incidents, tenacious enough to ensure issues do not get dropped Ability to negotiate and liaise with other teams to influence across teams as required to ensure appropriate outcome Confident enough to voice your opinion, ask questions and not afraid to suggest a better solution, without being abrasive Collaborative and willing to share knowledge, able to engage and meet needs of demanding stakeholders 1-3+ years' experience as a SRE or Application Support Engineer or similar role Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field Scripting ability in Powershell, Python, etc. Understanding of software systems concepts such as networking, firewalls, protocols, databases and more Java debugging exposure – ability to complete thread dumps Experience with monitoring solutions Splunk experience – creating dashboards, reports, events & analysis Awareness of software delivery practices (CI/CD) Experience troubleshooting connectivity issues: TCP/IP, DNS, Telnet, Trace Route, TCP dump Awareness of load balancing technologies such as HA Proxy, Nginx, F5 Experience of collaboration technologies: email, archiving, instant messaging Exposure to supporting voice / SMS technologies (nice to have) 
ScrapedJobID854:
Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field. Strong ability to drive conversations with both technical and non-technical audiences. 4+ years of working experience with hardware, firmware and system software (Server, PC, or mobile) Experience in BIOS/UEFI security Experience in security of PCIe devices Experience extracting and reverse engineering firmwares Experience in Authentication, Authorization and Governance Experience in securing cloud services 
ScrapedJobID855:
You are responsible for the installation and operation of client and server systems. You ensure that system and network operations as well as IT security are running smoothly. You take care of the administration of users (new creation / change / blocking) as well as assignment of rights. You are responsible for the user support for our IT solutions and products, performing hardware repairs, setting up workstations, configuring routers and switches. You take over the user support and troubleshooting in the system and infrastructure environment, including documentation as part of 1st / 2nd level support. You take care of the supervision of network infrastructures (WAN / LAN) and multimedia equipment. You support with global infrastructure projects. You manage server assembly and datacenter work. You have a technical Degree (BAC/DEC) in a technology discipline and/or an equivalent combination of education and related experience. You possess a profound knowledge and experience in the operation of Windows Client Platforms, networking, troubleshooting as well as IT support (desktop, hardware). You feel confident in dealing with a Linux platform and create Linux Bash scripts routinely. You are familiar with active directory and software installations. You have additional knowledge in Apple Client Platforms, MySQL and Git? That would be great additional qualifications for us! You are a team player and have fluent English skills. You are interested in new technologies and love challenges. Additional Sick Leave & Public Holidays. Collective Insurance Plan. Way to Work Goodie. Health & Wellness Fund. Free space for innovation and independent action. Short decision paths and flat hierarchies in an open work atmosphere. Personal and professional development opportunities. Attractive and performance-related compensation. No dress code – you can come to work as you like. Delicious coffee, tea and fresh fruit every day for free. Free Book Policy – we will order your reference books. Regular pizza meetings for an interdisciplinary exchange. Unlimited contracts. Fast growing international company with a promising future and no limits to growth in your professional career. Your CV in english as PDF document. Your earliest starting date and your salary expectation. 
ScrapedJobID856:
Working closely with colleagues and end-users to ensure the solution meets business requirements and is delivered in a timely manner. Troubleshoot and provide solutions to end user requests or problems submitted by phone, email, or chat. Troubleshoot and provide solutions to software and hardware faults. Perform systems, network, and application administration as well as support functions. Participate in and lead IT projects spanning multiple sites. Provide tier II/III technical support and serve as top escalation point for critical and/or challenging systems issues. Triage and assign advanced problems or requests to the proper channels. Perform post solution follow up to ensure end user satisfaction. Write knowledgebase articles to document new solutions. Support the Group IT team on other projects as needed. Provide regular communication with local management on IT initiatives and projects. Ability to manage local IT needs with wider regional/global needs. Be able to work well as part of a team but also unsupervised. Demonstrate project management abilities and aptitude with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Provide mentorship to junior system administrators and supporting team members. Contributes to building a positive team spirit; balancing individual and site responsibilities Provides support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of IT systems. Assist Ultra IT leadership and team members in identifying, implementing and championing process improvements. Carry out any other duties as reasonably required. Bachelor’s Degree with 5+ years’ experience or Associates Degree with 7+ years of experience or High School Diploma (or equivalent) with 9+ years of experience At least 5-7 years of Microsoft Active Directory and Windows Server administration experience. At least 5-7 years of Windows Security Policy and Group Policy experience. At least 5 years of experience installing, maintaining, and supporting hardware and software in a Microsoft Windows environment. At least 5-7 years of network administration and/or support experience. At least 5-7 years of VMware administration experience. At least 5-7 years of Storage Area Network (SAN) administration experience. Ability to convey risks and propose mitigation strategies to technical and business audiences. Exhibits objectivity and openness; able to manage conflict effectively. Reacts well under pressure, treats others with respect and consideration. Experience with M365 administration Experience with certifying compliance and auditing the security aspects of various operating systems within Windows. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and demonstrated ability to interface effectively with multiple faculty and staff on issues within the area of sponsored research in a cooperative, responsible manner. Experience with development and delivery of Information Assurance (IA) related briefings and training material. Experience with Microsoft Exchange and the Microsoft Office product suite. MCSE, MCSA, MCITP, MCTS and related Microsoft Certification a plus. CISSP, CompTIA Security+, CCNA, CCNP and related IT security and/or network certifications a plus. Experience with installing and managing enterprise applications. Experience with Microsoft SharePoint intranet administration. Cisco switching, routing, ASA firewalls and VPN experience. Video conferencing and VoIP phone system administration. Ability to adapt to ongoing changes in technology and in a mixed environment with a variety of systems. Ability to quickly get up to speed on new solutions or situations and to disseminate information gathered to others as needed. Enjoys working at speed, when necessary but also able to plan and consider options. Ability to mentor, coach, train junior IT staff. Ability to be the critical voice among local teams, supporting cross-functional collaboration through the IT Team. 
ScrapedJobID857:
Faire l’analyse et la tendance des données du journal de sécurité à partir d’un grand nombre de périphériques de sécurité hétérogènes; Fournir un soutien ou supporter l’escalade de réponse aux incidents (IR) lorsque l’analyse confirme un incident donnant lieu à une action; Fournir une analyse des menaces et de la vulnérabilité; Étudier, documenter et signaler les problèmes de sécurité de l’information et les nouvelles tendances; Effectuer une analyse sur les systèmes compromis pour identifier l’étendue et la nature du compromis et appliquer les étapes de correction; Fournir un soutien et / ou de la recherche pour toute question ou incident lié à la sécurité; Intégrer et partager des informations avec d’autres analystes et d’autres équipes; Bonne compréhension des concepts TCP / IP et de réseautique; Compréhension des logiciels malveillants, des menaces émergentes, des attaques et de la gestion des vulnérabilités; Solides capacités de déduction, de pensée critique, de résolution de problèmes et de priorisation; Service à la clientèle incluant la résolution des escalades client et la gestion des incidents; Capacité à respecter des processus et des procédures; Capacité à présenter des solutions et des méthodes complexes; Excellente communication écrite et verbale en anglais et compétences organisationnelles; Fort esprit d'équipe, qui collabore bien avec les autres pour résoudre les problèmes; Fortes compétences interpersonnelles, de résolution de problèmes et de communication. 
ScrapedJobID858:
Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Secondary School (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID859:
5+ years of relevant experience. Working knowledge of common information security management frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, NIST. An undergraduate degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or equivalent work experience. Information Security Certification / Accreditation an asset. Strong understanding of security principles and technologies in networking, architecture, risk management, and product development as they apply to Operational Technology. Excellent communication, negotiation and organizational skills. Ability to present solutions in business terms to both IT and business staff including executives. Experience leading, overseeing/managing a small team. Experience with SOC 2 audit standards an asset. Experience with Cloud deployments (AWS) and associated security-related tools. Experience with Linux (RHEL/CentOS preferred). In depth knowledge of network services including DNS, SSL, OpenSSH, other cryptographic standards, IP networks, subnetting, and routing. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) AWS (Cloud deployments: 5 years (preferred) Network Services (DNS, SSL, OpenSSH): 5 years (required) Information Security Certification or working towards one (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID860:
Assess current business infrastructure and develop migration roadmap for the cloud. Work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. Make recommendation to optimize business processes and applications with public, private and hybrid cloud infrastructure. Work closely with the Enterprise Cloud Architect to define high level design cloud solution. Support preliminary cost assessment and business case for moving workloads to cloud. Develop Low Level Design Architecture documents jointly with Enterprise Cloud Architect Translate Architectural requirements and deploy, administer & operate scalable, Highly Available and Fault Tolerant systems which includes the compute, data, security and network requirements. Apply DevOps and continuous integration / continuous deployment best practices to allow speed and fast scaling of the cloud business. Provision cloud services with high level of automation for reuse and scalability. Manage configuration of cloud workload if required. Monitor cloud workload efficiency and adjust solution design to optimize performance, stability and cost without compromising security. Ensure security of the data in the cloud and implement best practices throughout the process Communicate progress to Enterprise Cloud Architect and work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. You have Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology. You have 10 years of software development experience, working with a variety of programming languages such as .Net, Java, Node.JS, C++, and Python. You have min 5 years’ experience in Azure cloud migration and operational management, tools and frameworks You have experience of multiple projects deployed with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) You have 3-5 years of Azure Solution Architecture and Development You have 2-3 years of DevOps Implementation and Operations You have At least two Microsoft Azure certification from the list below (equivalent certification on AWS would be considered)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect,
Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator, Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect, Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert, Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer You have sound knowledge of various Azure services including Express Route, VPN Gateways, Azure Firewall, API Manager, Application Gateway, Load balancer, AD, Logic Apps, Azure Monitor and App insights. You have sound knowledge on cloud deployment model - IaaS, PaaS and SaaS as well as hybrid cloud. You must have experience gathering requirements, analysis and documentation You have experience with AIX, Linux and Wintel workload migration to cloud You have experience deploying infrastructure as code and highly automated cloud provisioning environment (Terraform, Azure Resource Manager, Puppet, Chef) You have experience of at least 20 projects (workload) deployed and supported on a public cloud You have good understanding of cloud security principles You have experience delivering project following Agile methodology / Scrum You have ITIL 3 or ITIL 4 certification You must have experience with handling customer and other third-party vendors effectively. You must have problem solving ability to provide solutions to complex and new business problems. You have the ability to generate innovative ideas and apply them in implementing solutions. You must be flexible and adaptable towards changing organizational needs. You must excellent communication and inter-personal skills 
ScrapedJobID861:
Using existing globally implemented SOC/SIEM tools to monitor and alert suspicious activities in the IT systems, and respond to incidents and provide communication to impacted teams Contributing to the security service arsenal of the company by proposing, evaluating, and implementing modern security strategies Proactively exploring, auditing and evolving our cloud development platform structure to minimize our risk exposure while enabling our ongoing development agility Responding to internal and global security threats and take the lead on communicating and implementing our response to them, including reporting any breaches to appropriate senior teams Actively participating on security committees/meetings within the Amer Sports Security group Collaborating and proposing changes in the company’s policies, sharing our needs, meet global compliance guidelines, implementing standardized security tools, and responding to global incidents impacting our organization Acting as an ambassador of security initiatives and build a culture of secure development practices, design, and best practices for users of all types Performing on-call duties as required to respond to incidents relevant to the role in a globally-operating company Completing regular planned security and compliance scans for various teams, and lead the group towards resolution of identified risks Working alongside the rest of the Infrastructure team to identify risks, establish protocols, and help improve system architecture and maintenance practices from a security standpoint Auditing our AWS cloud environment and work with involved parties to restructure account management, IAM, roles and API key rotations and compliance monitoring to better meet best practices while still encouraging creativity through sandbox environments Collaborating regularly with internal development groups to understand their needs, their DevOps pipelines, and facilitating security-minded best practices and habits throughout our project lifecycles for both in-house and public services Bolstering our remote and hybrid work-from-home users by ensuring our increase in remote access minimally impacts our security profile Reviewing existing global security standards and tools, and lead projects to align our internal systems with them Generating new scans and audits, and intrusion tests against our systems to build a stronger awareness of our security position Analyzing our ransomware defense positions and implementing changes as needed Investigating existing website Intrusion Prevention and Bot management and evaluating changes in configuration and protection vendors You have 5 or more years of experience in IS operations with at least 3 years in a dedicated IS Security role in a mid-sized business or enterprise environment You have a degree specializing in or related to Cybersecurity Operations You have experience using security monitoring, scanning, and compliance reporting tools to discover and monitor production environments. (Splunk, Siemplify, etc) You have a strong working knowledge of cloud environments such as AWS and Azure, and their security models from IAM to design best practices, and the native tools in those systems used to manage security You have strong values around the importance of cybersecurity to protect the business and our customer’s data, as well as the skills to build business cases and consensus with teams to make it a priority in the organization You have a strong working knowledge of common DevOps software deployment tools and CI/CD practices, and the ability to support the needs of a busy software development environment from a security standpoint You have experience managing and supporting network structure such as Firewalls, Wifi, VPNs and other ways people connect to technology You have experience with web security platforms, intrusion prevention platforms, and bot detection solutions You are able to create and maintain a library of documentation and practices for technical team members to follow You are confident in communicating in group environments, and ability to explain security concepts and get buy-in from people with a range of technical backgrounds You have a high level of personal integrity and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters with proper judgment. AWS Security Specialist Certification Experience working within Agile projects and sprint teams will be helpful in collaborating with development groups. Knowledge of scans and certifications such as PCI and GDPR, and experience maintaining compliance. Experience with Atlassian products to manage projects and capture documentation Experience with Zscaler for remote access and client security Hands-on experience configuring, auditing, and managing firewall solutions. 
ScrapedJobID862:

ScrapedJobID863:
Provide Sophos customers with Technical Support within the defined parameters of Sophos Support Services including customers with defined SLAs, with a focus on quality and customer satisfaction, covering our Network products Provide advanced troubleshooting via remote sessions to modify customer’s environment towards a resolution that include, but are not limited to: Installation issues, best practice configuration, network troubleshooting, Windows, Linux, Mac and Unix OS configuration. Handle technical escalations within team response/resolution targets Ability to work weekend and on-call shifts on a rotational basis Provide Team Leader or Manager feedback with regards to Technical Support procedures and policies, with the goal of improving overall customer satisfaction as well as engineer efficiency A bachelor’s degree or technical diploma in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field 3+ years’ experience in the IT field, including experience as a Systems/Network Administrator, or a technical support role supporting Systems/Network administrators Experience with security products, such as Firewalls, IPSec, IDS/IPS, Anti -Spam, Anti-Virus, Web Security proxies, Email Security filters, VPNs Experience with Linux operating systems through the command line level Experience with Active Directory (or any LDAP variant) group policy configuration and deployment Experience with cloud virtualization such as Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure The ability to work with complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires review. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, inspiring confidence while leading customers through the steps to resolve issues via phone, and email Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Masterclass and Calm 
ScrapedJobID864:
Deliver industry and technical expertise in information security through client interactions, reports, technical work, management presentations and the creation of high quality deliverables Provision of client services including planning, budgeting, scheduling and coordinating engagements Facilitate collaboration with client engagement team prior to commencement of client work to discuss roles and responsibilities, risk areas, materiality and deadlines Identify ways to maximize the relationship with clients and deliver added value Maintain high quality control by reviewing work done from other team members for accuracy and completeness; provide feedback to team members Monitor project timelines against targets and adjust where necessary; advise clients of project status Network and take a leadership role in the local professional and business community while raising awareness of MNP and looking for new business development opportunities Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Assist in the development and training of team members towards professional and personal growth Possess a Bachelor’s Degree or diploma in IT, security or related field Possess CISSP, CISM, CISA and/or other related certifications (or working towards) Minimum three (3) year of experience in security Minimum five (5) years’ of experience in IT Understanding of IT security and governance frameworks (i.e.ISO 27001/2, NIST, CIS 20, COBIT, etc.) Understanding and experience in delivery of Security services (vulnerability assessments, TRA’s, cyber maturity assessments, cloud security, penetration testing, incident response/forensics, PCI, ) Understanding of Security and Privacy compliance (i.e. OSFI, Interac, PCI, PIPEDA, etc.) Experience with architecting, configuration and delivering technology-based controls Experience in business and practice development Security Clearance considered an asset Some travel required 
ScrapedJobID865:
Develop and build a Unified Communications infrastructure solution from the ground up according with business requirements and provide continuous improvements to keep up with changes in business and technology. Design, install and configure complex solutions including Voice, Video, Chat, Presence, Conferencing, Contact Center to satisfy business requirements. Implement and support highly available and scalable Unified Communications solutions across many remote locations. Integrate a dynamic and complex UC environment with 3rd party solutions and applications. Integrate and connect with multiple telecom providers. Configure and manage dial plans, UC applications, Telepresence systems and Conferencing platforms. Implement, manage and support call center solutions. Design and configure voice and video over LAN, WAN and Wi-Fi. Implement reliability strategies to maintain call quality and survivability. Integrate multi-vendor phone systems to provide easy to use solutions for the business. Manage infrastructure effectively at all locations through standardization and automation. Configure and manage monitoring as well as event management and automatic remediation. Work closely with cyber security team to implement policies and best practices and be proactive on remediating vulnerabilities. Create and maintain documentation, including standards, diagrams, drawings and deployment plans. Provide Unified Communications metrics for team and executive reporting. Advise management on hardware and software capacity and lifecycle management. Develop proposals for introducing new technologies in alignment with the future direction of Chartwell. Gather business requirements working directly with business representatives, vendors and others in ITS, as appropriate, to help devise the required solution. Research new technologies solutions with a focus on solving potential problems as opposed to solving existing problems. Provide Unified Communications solutions based on business needs and anticipated growth. Working across all functional areas of the ITS Environment, ensure all escalated service requests and incidents are resolved in a professional and timely manner. Participate in incident, problem and change management processes as well as lessons learned with focus on continuous improvements. Escalate and manage vendors, partners and service providers and to provide timely resolution to problems. Share expertise and provide individual training and support. Stay abreast of new and emerging technologies to drive the IT innovation within Chartwell. Comply with all IT and corporate policies and with the guidance of the IT Security team, ensure that all audit controls are met. Comply with any project management requirements such as documentation standards and status reporting as determined by the manager. University degree in a relevant field of study Preference is given to a candidate with technical certifications (CCNP, CCIE, ITIL) Minimum 7-10 years of progressive IT experience, working in a complex environment with many distributed sites. Advanced expertise with large Unified Communications environments, concepts and technologies Expert knowledge of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM), Unity Connections (Unity), Cisco Telepresence, Unified Contact Center Express (UCCX), WebEx, Expressway/VCS Expert knowledge of UC applications including Cisco Jabber and Cisco WebEx Teams Experience in building and supporting large scale deployment over WAN with site survivability (SRST/SRSV) Expert knowledge of Cisco Voice Gateways including SIP, H.323, PRI, FXS/FXO, CUBE Expert knowledge of VoIP protocols. Expert knowledge and experience with IP networks including IPAM, DHCP, DNS Knowledge of Communications Manager Express (CUCME) Advanced knowledge in Cisco IOS, IOS-XE and NX-OS Advanced knowledge of branch technologies including Cisco ISR 4400 Expert knowledge in diagnosing complex network performance issues and working with Network Monitoring systems, Wireshark, IPPERF, NETFLOW, IP SLA and other network troubleshooting/performance benchmarking techniques Good knowledge of Avaya IP-Office and one-X (Communicator & Mobile) Advanced knowledge of LAN, WAN technologies Good understanding of information security best practices. Excellent customer service skills, positive attitude. Resourceful and collaborative. Excellent organizational & multitasking skills. Quick learner. Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills. Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Strong team player. Bilingual in French and English, an asset Work requires mental effort, such as attentiveness and/or concentration, verifying, checking numbers, watching a computer screen and physical effort, such as keyboarding. Work is generally performed in an office environment. Occasional travel to remote sites (up to 10%) Occasional need to work outside of office hours 
ScrapedJobID866:
Support a 24/7/365 Security Operations Center and monitor security tools Perform onboarding of new clients to the XDR SIEM platform, ensuring that all the necessary log sources are being monitored. Assist customers in implementing sound and secure logging practices, deployment of agents and sensors Continuously improve clients' data sets through the integration and tuning of the data, care and feeding of feeds, and use case implementation Set up vulnerability management and ensure the client perimeter is being scanned Leverage advanced knowledge of security operations, cyber security tools, intrusion detection, and secured networks to integrate with the SIEM platform Partner with cross-functional technical teams to share expertise, research threats, and implement solutions Test emerging technologies in a lab environment Stay current with Security technologies and make recommendations for use based on business value SIEM administration, configuration, and optimization experience with platforms such as Alien Vault, IBM QRadar, Splunk, Microsoft Sentinel Familiarity with firewalls from vendors such as Cisco, Palo Alto, Fortinet and Watchguard Knowledge of various security frameworks/protocols such as Federation/SSO, IDS, IPS, VPN, SSH, PKI, SAML, TLS, etc Proficient with IP protocols (IPv4, IPv6, TCP/UDP/ICMP) DNS/DHCP and ability to troubleshoot network connectivity Experience configuring, integrating, and monitoring endpoint protection solutions such as Cylance, Carbon Black, or CrowdStrike Experience and knowledge of public cloud environments, specifically Azure and AWS as well as familiarity with Elasticsearch Knowledge of regular expressions and data normalization Linux command line experience Understanding and experience with vulnerability management tools such as Tenable Nessus, Rapid 7 or Qualys Familiarity with service management software such as ServiceNow Familiarity with data visualization platforms such as Domo or Kibana Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment with a high level of analytical and problem-solving abilities Positive attitude with strong oral and written communication skills Ability to anticipate and respond to changing priorities and operate effectively in a dynamic demand-based environment requiring flexibility and responsiveness to client matters and needs BS/BA in Information Security, Computer Science or related engineering discipline, preferred 3+ years' experience in technology (security, networking, systems, etc.) Prior experience working in a SOC, preferred Financial services, healthcare and/or state and local government industry experience is a plus Managed security service provider (MSSP) experience is a plus GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA) GIAC Network Forensic Analyst (GNFA) Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) CompTIA Security+ Comprehensive benefits package with immediate coverage including health, vision, dental, disability, life insurance, and more 20 days vacation 10 paid holidays 10 sick days 32 hours of paid volunteer time-off 3 floating holidays Financial support including a competitive salary, pension, COVID allowance, and more Commuter benefits within qualifying locations Social events Agio Swag And more! 
ScrapedJobID867:
Providing developers and application stakeholders with the most accurate and update to date guidance on how to make their applications more secure. Innovate and build automation solutions for efficiently managing the workflow for security defects. Help us design, develop and build our next generation of AppSec analytics solutions. Help drive security standards and governance using automation wherever possible. Security Integration Engineering – help us build security into everything we do. AppSec Testing - Hands-on Experience with one or more of: SAST, DAST, Pen Testing, Open Source Experience working with DevOps, CI/CD and building security into the pipeline. Experience with automation and scripting - we use Python and PowerShell. Some exposure to business process automation using common Office tools such as SharePoint and Power Automate. Data and analytics experience. Have you worked with Excel formulas and Power Query? Can you work with databases and write SQL? Development experience: ideally in your career you’d had experience coding and developing Web, mobile or API-based applications. More about the role at the bank:

We are looking for someone to join us as we develop and implement policies, programs and tools related to TD Technology Controls and Information Security. We'll look to you to help provide specialized expertise and guidance on assessing risks, identifying potential gaps and providing security solutions to mitigate risks and protect TD. You may also participate on projects of moderate to high complexity and provide complex reporting, analysis, and assessments at the functional, business line or enterprise level.

Meaningful work is fueled by meaningful performance and career development conversations with your manager. Here's some of what you may be asked to perform: Be an expert in Application Security - guide and advise partners on a broad range of specific Technology Controls and Information Security programs, policies, standards and incidents. Lead or contribute to large projects – everything from AppSec tools evaluation & integration, integrate security into the DevOps pipeline Participate in assessments related to risk, controls, implemented control procedures, vulnerability etc.. Actively contribute to the definition, development, and oversight of a global security management strategy and framework. Ensure technology, processes, and governance are in place to monitor, detect, prevent, and react to both current and emerging technology and security threats to TD. Apply a teamwork philosophy with technology and partners, service or platform owners to integrate all technology security components and address control gaps. Consult on regulatory compliance requirements, reporting and questions. Provide support and consulting for Audits, help compose management responses and appropriate remediation activities. Participate in computer security incident responses relevant to business (or enterprise wide), represent your respective position to the business while conveying their needs to the incident response team. University Degree or equivalent combination of experience and education. Information Security Certification / Accreditation an asset. 5-7 years of relevant experience. Firm commitment to staying informed and abreast of emerging issues, industry trends etc. Advanced knowledge of one or more technology controls or security domains, disciplines and practices. Experience with Application Security, Static Analysis using Verico, checkmarks, appscan Sound to advanced knowledge of business, technology controls, security and risk issues. Demonstrated ability to participate in projects of moderate to high complexity. Ability and commitment to serve as a subject matter expert on business-specific, cross-functional and enterprise initiatives. Readiness to participate in projects of moderate to high complexity and provide complex reporting, analysis, and assessments at the functional, business line or enterprise level. Potential Remote work Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, #tdcybersecurity 
ScrapedJobID868:
Get Engaged and Build Relationships – Get to know about the audits in execution and how cybersecurity risk affects the different business units of CIBC. Build relationships with the entire Internal Audit department and become the focal point for cybersecurity risk. Coach and Collaborate – Work in partnership with other auditors to provide insights, guidance and judgement on testing of cybersecurity risk. Help others develop their understanding of cybersecurity risk so they can better recognize and test cybersecurity risk. Reflect and Strategize – As cybersecurity risk evolves and requirements change, stay informed on corresponding control requirement changes. Be forward-looking and ensure the audit coverage of cybersecurity risk evolves with the regulatory and threat landscape. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID869:
Be a liaison and public relations representative for the Co-op within the communities we serve; Lead the development of a Risk Management strategy, and review on a yearly basis; Create a business continuity plan, and keep it updated with the input from the Executive Leadership Team, and with direct consultation from the CFO and CEO; Keep up-to-date on all insurance contracts, and oversee insurance claims; Complete incident reports on and conduct investigations for fraud and internal/external theft; Minimize the financial losses related to crime, fraud, vandalism, accident and injury; Identify operational deficiencies as they relate to Asset Protection and apply effective solutions to mitigate risks; Respond appropriately to emergencies, incidents and urgent issues as they arise; Create policies pertaining to Risk Management; Serve as the operation’s liaison and security subject matter expert, keeping them abreast of training and awareness, key issues, strategies and department performance; Ensure all external crime including cyber incidents are investigated, and complete related documentation as per policy and procedure; Create escalation channels for any potential cyber-security breach; Ensure all established environmental policies are administered and enforced in all locations; Maintain the ongoing due diligence program for fuel controls, including quarterly reporting to the CFO and daily analysis of fuel overages and shortages; Maintain up to date contingency plans and site-specific fire and spill plans; Work with the Director of Development on the maintenance and repairs for all Red River Co-op Facilities, including the co-ordination of preventative maintenance programs, inspections and budget planning; Work with Human Resources to provide Asset Protection, Environmental, and Cyber Security training for all new employees through Red River Co-op’s onboarding program; Communicate regularly with our various divisions to address needs and identify gaps; Ensure Red River Co-op’s policies and manuals on Asset Protection, Cyber Security, Environmental, and Privacy are kept current and up-to-date; Ensure pertinent legislation is adhered to; Remain current with all federal and provincial standards and regulations, and inform the leadership team of all changes and amendments in a timely manner. You possess a combination of education and/or related experience in Cyber Security, Information Technology, Criminal Justice, Finance / Accounting, Asset Protection, or another related field; You demonstrate effective team leadership skills and the ability to work well with diverse groups; You have strong written and verbal communication skills; You are self-driven, goal-oriented and have the ability to set and adjust priorities and schedules; You are trustworthy, and maintain a high degree of integrity and confidentiality. 
ScrapedJobID870:
Work closely with user experience designers to create stunning UI designs Produce multiple designs and work interactively with different teams on delivering projects for different platforms & devices A solid foundation in typography, layout, and design Work within brand guidelines to create layouts that reinforce a brand’s style or voice through its visual touch-points The ability to effectively take direction and work both collaboratively and autonomously Great sense of typography, iconography, color theory, and visual composition Strong understanding of usability and user centered design practices Diverse software design experience and a visual design portfolio representing work conducted for various different platforms & devices Passion for emerging technologies and hunger to innovate Excellent listening, written, and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills and an attention to detail Basic knowledge of HTML/CSS Degree in Graphic Design, Web Design or related field Experience designing enterprise applications Experience creating clickable prototypes (Flinto or Invision) Experience with user research Technical background 
ScrapedJobID871:
Develop scalable and maintainable APIs using standards and best practices Document our APIs in the Swagger specification Implement API security best practices Implement an SDK on top of the crafted API Implement an integration middleware using the SDK Construct the platform by which these items can expand and be consumed Collaborate with team members on code quality and test quality standards Mentor and share best practices and standards across other engineers Assist the team in adopting and improving Agile Scrum processes with emphasis on building quality code Ensure code validity by including integration testing, end-to-end testing and user acceptance testing practices B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent preferred Hands on experience with integration frameworks and streaming platforms Proficient working knowledge in Python, Java or equivalent programming languages Able to learn new technologies willingly and quickly Experience with modern RESTful API design and best practices Familiarity with designing and creating Swagger specifications Understanding of microservice architectures Familiarity with cloud native technologies A great understanding of how all of the technologies fit together to construct a full application Great communication skills that invite welcoming discussions Excellent time management skills to deliver prompt and efficient requirements A breadth of experience by which you will be able to mentor other engineers Competitive salary and stock options Medical, dental, vision coverage for you and your family in many locations Ability to craft your schedule with flexible work arrangements and locations for many roles Generous holidays and vacation days each year Retirement plans Virtual weekly happy hours and catered brown bag lunches Monthly team programs and social events Annual innovation summits, hack-a-thons and top-performer recognition events 
ScrapedJobID872:
Evaluation : Tests d’intrusion et Audits de sécurité Maîtrise des risques numériques : Projets SSI et Sensibilisation Services Managés de Sécurité : Services managés de prévention, détection et réponse aux incidents Innovation : Recherche & développement Prendre en charge et participer à des prestations de type (par ordre de priorité) : – Tests d’intrusion : externe, interne, redteam, … – Audits de sécurité techniques, applicatif et organisationnels – Homologations et certifications Collaborer en tant qu’expert ou consultant à d’autres activités d’OctoSave: – de formation et sensibilisation – d’état des lieux – d’expertise technique – réponse aux incidents Contribuer aux activités d’avant-vente Participer activement au développement et rayonnement de l’activité : – amélioration continue – communication (articles, retours d’expérience, conférences, …) – recrutement (cooptation, recrutements dans les conférences et écoles, …) – mentorat (encadrement de stagiaires, juniors, …) Soucieux de réfléchir à l’avenir des activités de type test d’intrusion & audits pour préparer le futur d’OctoSave. Capable de faire la conception et développement des scenarii et cas d’utilisation (UC) de détection d’attaques informatiques. Pouvant délivrer une démarche claire, structurée et industrialisable de scenarii et UC d’attaques. 
ScrapedJobID873:
Travail significatif qui favorise le perfectionnement professionnel Possibilité de travailler dans l’industrie technologique et de s’y épanouir Environnement de travail axé sur la collaboration Faire partie d’une équipe à haut rendement Avantages sociaux : entièrement flexibles pour que vous puissiez choisir ce qui est important Retraite : Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées et régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif Avantages financiers : Régime d’actionnariat et nombreux rabais d’entreprise Programmes personnels et familiaux : Plan de bien-être physique et prestations de maternité complémentaires Équilibre travail-vie personnelle : Horaires flexibles et « vendredis californiens » toute l’année Plaisir au travail : Activités sociales et communautaires tout au long de l’année! Faciliter la mise en œuvre du CGSE de manière cohérente au sein des équipes de livraison et de soutien aux UAS. Soutenir les réunions et les engagements des clients VIP en représentant la Sécurité mondiale CAE. Superviser les examens et les audits de sécurité des clients dans les UAS Point de contact principal pour les fonctions de sécurité mondiale de CAE et les questions de sécurité des clients Assurer la supervision des acquisitions de UAS selon les besoins (fusions et acquisitions) Superviser l’application des politiques et des normes de sécurité de CAE aux environnements internes et partagés (multi-clients) Superviser le respect par les UAS des normes de sécurité CAE Soutenir les initiatives de sécurité mondiale en collaboration avec tous les SBP et les principales parties prenantes Assurer la supervision du processus de gestion des risques de sécurité au sein de chaque UAS Assurer l’uniformité des programmes d’éducation, de formation et de sensibilisation à la sécurité et de la communication en matière de sécurité dans les UAS S’assurer que la gestion des vulnérabilités de sécurité est alignée sur les UAS Maintenir la sensibilisation à la posture de sécurité et établir des rapports sur les mesures de sécurité au sein des UAS Représenter la voix de la sécurité mondiale pour contribuer à l’évolution du CGES Rapport sur les risques de sécurité ayant une incidence sur les UAS Compréhension des principes de gestion des risques Expérience de la réponse aux incidents de sécurité, de la conformité et de la gestion de projets Jugement démontré et capacité à s’adapter à un environnement dynamique Une approche du travail axée sur les résultats qui valorise la qualité des services, l’économie et la collaboration Travailleur indépendant nécessitant une supervision directe minimale Être à l’aise avec les présentations exécutives et les interactions générales Participer à des forums sectoriels et en faire le tour afin de partager les meilleures pratiques et d’acquérir une veille concurrentielle Meaningful work that drives professional development Ability to enter and grow within the technology industry Work in a collaborative environment Be part of a high-performance team Benefits: fully flexible for you to choose what is important Retirement: Defined Benefits Retirement Plan & Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) Financial Perks: Employee Stock Purchase Plan & numerous corporate discounts Personal and Family Programs: Physical Wellness Plan & Supplementary Maternity Plan Work-Life Balance: Flex time & California Fridays all year Fun at work: social and community events all-year round! Facilitate the implementation of the ESMF consistently across the SBU delivery and support teams Support VIP client meetings and engagements representing CAE Global Security Provide oversight for client security reviews and audits across SBUs Primary point of contact for CAE Global Security functions and client security matters Provide oversight for SBU acquisitions as needed (Merger and Acquisition) Provide oversight for the application of CAE security policies and standards to internal and shared (multi-client) environments Provide oversight for SBU adherence to CAE Security Baseline Support Global Security initiatives in collaboration with all SBPs and key stakeholders Provide oversight for the Security Risk Management process within each SBU Ensure uniform security education, training and awareness programs and security communication across SBUs Ensure security vulnerability management is aligned across SBUs Maintain security posture awareness and reporting on security metrics across SBUs Represent the voice of Global Security to contribute to the evolution of ESMF Report on security risks that have a cross-SBU impact Understanding of risk management principles Effective experience with security incident response, compliance and project management Demonstrated judgment and the ability to adapt to a dynamic environment A results-focused approach to work which values service quality, economy and collaboration Independent worker that requires minimal direct supervision Must be comfortable with executive presentations and general interactions Participate and network externally in industry forums to share best practices and gain competitive intelligence 
ScrapedJobID874:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Architecting, testing, integrating, and deploying Web Proxy technologies. Work alongside the wider organization’s security experts to implement policy-based solutions Research industry best practices and future technologies with a view to how they could improve our current security posture. Interfacing with technical vendor subject matter experts and internal squads, ensuring the delivery of high-quality secure solutions. Training squad personnel and application support groups on newly delivered solutions Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field Around 5 years of proxy experience in a similar position. Must know how to integrate external services with proxies via ICAP, proxy chaining, and service offloads, etc. Moderate cloud security experience (Azure, O365, AWS, etc.) Practical and theoretical knowledge of web malware and how to mitigate against Good understanding of the protocols underpinning the web - TCP/IP, HTTP, SSL/TLS etc. Strong Linux knowledge Experience working in DMZ environments with good understanding of hardware load-balancing, firewalls, multi-tiered architectures. Hands-on proxy knowledge; Bluecoat and Zscaler experience preferred Hands-on CASB design, architecture and deployment (SkyHigh, Symantec, etc.) Advanced proxy experience required including DevOps operational understanding Knowledge of Data Protection Practices (Data At Rest, In Use, In Motion, etc.) and their practical implementations Expert knowledge and understanding of web security concepts and cyber-attack vectors CISSP or similar recognized cyber security qualifications Experience operating in large, siloed enterprise environments Programming/Scripting languages: Python, Perl, AngularJS - advantage SASE/SD-wan - advantage Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID875:
Acts as a trusted advisor to assigned business/group. Assists in the development of strategic plans. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks and mitigation techniques for designated areas. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Acts as the day to day contact for vendors; supports the implementation, maintenance, and sustainment of vendor solutions. Understands the strategy, plans, activities and needs of all stakeholders and translates those business needs into solutions and makes recommendations. Provides advice, counsel and support on information security matters and recommends solutions to assigned business/group leaders on principles, frameworks, programs, approaches, trends, legislation and regulatory requirements including interpretation of policy and identification and management of risk. Builds credibility and influences/negotiates effectively to drive business performance through development and delivery of information security solutions. Tracks metrics and milestones, providing recommendations for resolution and escalating as appropriate when issues arise. Facilitates discussions and follows a disciplined approach to plan, elicit, analyse, document, communicate and manage initiatives and issues with stakeholders by applying a variety of elicitation techniques to probe, challenge and understand associated risks. Promotes process improvements and methodologies; keeps emerging information security issues and trends in mind and ensures standards are followed. Creates professional presentations and deliver them in a meaningful concise way. Assesses information security impact to a project’s benefits and risks when scope changes. Develops and champions information security best practices, including staying abreast of industry information security and business trends through benchmarking and/or participation in professional associations. Gathers, examines and interprets data and information to extract meaningful insights, answer business questions and provide actionable recommendations. Assists with continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities. Ensures consistent, high quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 4 - 7 years of relevant experience and a post-secondary degree in Information Security, Computer Science, Engineering, and/or Information Systems or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. MUST HAVE a Min of 1-3 years experience with Governance, Risk, Controls or Advisory services in Cyber or Information Security. MUST HAVE a Min of 1-3 years of Application Security experience, able to understand Penetration Test Results and Code Scans for risk exposure Nice-to-have 1-3 years experience with vulnerability and configuration management, assessing for risk Preference for candidates who have at least one certification in a related field, with strong preference for Information security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS). Understanding of industry standards and frameworks e.g. NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO 27001 and 27002, Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS), etc. - In-depth. Experience in information security concepts and methodology. Knowledge of business analysis, project delivery practices and standards across the project lifecycle - In-depth. Knowledge of information security processes, procedures and controls - In-depth. Understanding of and problem solving ability for information security issues within their business group - Working. Understanding of information security risk and regulatory requirements - Working. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID876:
Comprendre, appliquer et contribuer à l’élaboration de la méthodologie de l’audit interne chez SNC-Lavalin; Acquérir une compréhension des principaux risques, stratégies et opérations de l’entreprise; Aider le cadre supérieur ou le gestionnaire à planifier les missions de vérification; Effectuer des audits des activités financières et opérationnelles de différentes unités d’affaires; Émettre des recommandations à la haute direction afin de réduire les risques commerciaux de la Société et d’améliorer l’efficacité opérationnelle; Effectuer des suivis pour s’assurer que les recommandations proposées ont été mises en œuvre; Favoriser un environnement d’équipe efficace; et Contribuer à l’excellence opérationnelle du département Baccalauréat en comptabilité, en finance ou en administration des affaires; Le titre de CPA / le titre d’ICA ou de CFE est un atout; Un minimum de 1 à 3 ans d’expérience en vérification interne, vérification externe; Capacités d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Capacité de travailler de manière autonome dans un environnement axé sur l’équipe; Capacité d’élaborer et de remettre des rapports de vérification écrits officiels à la direction; Compétences efficaces en communication Français et en anglais (écrites etparlées); Volonté de voyager au Canada, aux États-Unis et à l’étranger (jusqu’à 25 % du temps). Understand, apply and contribute to developing the IA methodology at SNC-Lavalin; Develop an understanding of key business risks, strategies and operations; Assist Senior/Manager in planning for audit engagements; Conduct audits of the financial and operational activities of different business units; Issue recommendations to senior management to reduce the Company’s business risk and enhance operational efficiency; Conducting follow-ups to ensure that proposed recommendations have been implemented; Foster an effective team environment; and Contribute to the department’s operational excellence. Bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance or business administration; CPA designation / CIA or CFE designation is an asset; A minimum of 1 - 3 years of experience in internal audit, external audit; Analytical and problem-solving abilities; Ability to work autonomously in a team-driven environment; Ability to develop and deliver formal written audit reports to management; Effective French and English communication skills (written and spoken); Willingness to travel in Canada, to the United States and internationally (up to 25% of the time). Founded in 1911, SNC-Lavalin is a fully integrated professional services and project management company with offices around the world. SNC-Lavalin connects people, technology and data to help shape and deliver world-leading concepts and projects, while offering comprehensive innovative solutions across the asset lifecycle. Our expertise is wide-ranging — consulting & advisory, intelligent networks & cybersecurity, design & engineering, procurement, project & construction management, operations & maintenance, decommissioning and sustaining capital – and delivered to clients in four strategic sectors: EDPM (engineering, design and project management), Infrastructure, Nuclear and Resources, supported by Capital. People. Drive. Results. www.snclavalin.com 
ScrapedJobID877:
Manage overall access control policies across SAP (and related) enterprise level applications ensuring segregation of duties, internal controls, etc. Implement SAP-centric security policies, processes, audits, SOX and SOD concepts Design and build security authorizations based on SOD standards and business requirements Maintain, update, and configure applications using risk analysis tools Support on-going audits, providing analysis of reports, findings and following-up on outstanding audit findings that require remediation Help lead the SAP security implementation from conception, design, testing and deployment Serve as internal SAP security SME on the ERP program Partner and execute complex changes in the security landscape based on results business requirements and from analysis received from Internal Controls & Compliance, Internal Audit, External Audit Recommend and implement new functionality to enhance compliance processes. Ensure SOX and IT controls are followed and effective Assist in forensic investigations using standard tools and procedures to provide data to Legal, HR and Management Support for the SAP move-add-change-delete process, particularly as it pertains to role changes throughout various instances Attend Change Advisory Board meetings to ensure that changes requested do not expose Weston Foods to undue risk Financial and regulatory IT audit facilitation and co-ordination Encryption key escrow – management of encryption keys used at Weston Foods University or post-secondary degree in a Computer Science related discipline (or equivalent work experience) CISSP certification required. GSEC certification an asset. PCI DSS experience would be an asset; experience with SOX highly preferred 5+ years of experience or training in SAP Security solution design, implementation and troubleshooting across all computer platforms (SAP Solution Manager security, SAP HANA Cloud security) Hands-on working knowledge with a variety of security tools including SAP user access authorization/controls and configuration, identity and access management, LDAP, Active Directory, forensics software, and security incident response Highly self-motivated, strong attention to detail, and possess an outstanding ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a complex environment Solid understanding of standard ITIL processes Strong client relationship management, analytical and problem-solving skills Strong verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID878:
Conducting cloud security assessments of client environments based on KPMG’s established frameworks. Preparing detailed reports covering identified risks and detailed recommendations. Assisting in the implementation, deployment, integration, and initial configuration of all new security solutions, as well as any enhancements to existing solutions in accordance with the clients' standards. Providing recommendations to improve the monitoring and troubleshooting of existing client security solutions for stability, reliability, and performance against security baselines. Recommending enhancements to existing client security solutions to improve overall enterprise security. Evaluate new cloud security solutions and vendors to ensure they meet client security standards. Evolve your knowledge of new or updated security solutions, enhanced security processes, and the development of new attacks and threats. 3+ years of experience with cloud-based infrastructure, including identifying security issues and risks, and developing risk mitigation plans leveraging Azure, AWS, or Google) Experience in securing operating systems, firewalls, networks, systems, databases and application architectures. Experience with cloud-native security tools for IaaS, PaaS, micro-services and serverless. Experience with antivirus, IDS/IPS, WAFs, NSG, Express route, Application Firewalls. Experience with Azure Security Center, Azure Monitor, Azure Sentinel, AWS Config Knowledge of security standards and regulations (NIST CSF, ISO 27K, CIS, CCM, SOC2) Demonstrated knowledge of cloud security threats. Post-secondary education in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline. Cloud certifications such as Azure Fundamentals, Azure Security Engineer, AWS Technical Essentials or equivalent. Professional certifications such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), Certificate of Cloud Security Knowledge (CCSK), or equivalent. Scripting or programming experience in Ruby, Python, Shell/BASH scripting, Java, C/C++, C#, Perl, or equivalent. Expertise with orchestration/ automation tools like Ansible and code management tools (GIT), GitLab. Good understanding of IT technologies and practices (DevSecOps, CI/CD). Working experience with CIS benchmarks, ISO27k, NIST 800-53 V4 and OWASP Top 10. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Good written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to conduct research into IT security issues and products as required. Highly self-motivated and detailed oriented. Team-oriented and skilled in working within a collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID879:
Merchandising and retail store systems that process 40 million plus customer transactions per year. Wholesale, distribution and warehouse systems that enable the movement of 17 million plus cases per year. Corporate finance systems to service an annual budget of approximately $3 billion and HR and payroll systems to service more than 5000 employees. A degree in computer science, IT audit or a related field, and a minimum of 4 years of recent, related experience* OR A combination of education, training and experience will be considered. i.e., 6 years or greater of recent, related experience* with a diploma or certificate in a related field. Recent, related experience must include: Experience with all aspects of IT security including current technologies and best practices. Experience with leading technical projects and/or initiatives. Experience, preferably with a security focus, in a Microsoft environment. Experience with contributing to the development, implementation / installation, maintenance and operation, and problem resolution of enterprise systems, technologies (HW / SW) and/or network components. Industry standard certification including a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) or equivalent. Certification in one or more technical disciplines such as CISCO, security (SANS, CSI or other accredited institutes) and/or certification in privacy or information management. Experience with change management processes and/or project management methodologies. Experience in identifying, evaluating and/or addressing risks from a business and technological standpoint. Experience with reporting of vulnerabilities across the organization. Experience in identification and/or implementation of mitigation strategies. Experience working with security principles and/or controls measures across the organization. Experience with application design and development life cycle. Demonstrated ongoing professional skills upgrading through the completion of course work. Experience in business analysis including working with business users and subject matter experts to produce requirement, gap analysis, business process design, business rules and other analysis work products. Knowledge of Information Technology (ITIL) best practices. Advance knowledge of all aspects of IT security including current technologies, best practices and/or security risks, threats, controls, technologies, policies, standards and procedures. Knowledge of the installation, configuration, maintenance and problem resolution of hardware, software, operating systems and network components (e.g., Windows, Linux, Unix). Knowledge of IT infrastructures and applications as they relate to NIST domains. Knowledge of asset management, vulnerability management, and identity and access management. Knowledge of risk management principles. Knowledge of security and privacy issues of government and the broader public sector and how they relate to business requirements and privacy regulations is desirable. Ability to quickly gain understanding of data flows. Excellent written and oral communication, presentation / facilitation and inter-personal skills and attention to detail when communicating, and the ability to communicate complex matters in a manner that can be understood by the audience. Ability to apply persuasion and influence management skills within area of expertise, to advance the LDB's information security objectives. Excellent analytical and judgement abilities; and problem solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities/projects and produce results within deadlines and budget parameters. Ability to lead and manage teams. Commitment to continuous learning. Experience with resolving conflicts with vendors and service providers. 
ScrapedJobID880:
Analyze, process and track access requests to computer systems Create and remove user accounts on various systems Take charge of handling access-related incidents Assist users in the use of the IAM system Collaborate with other groups related to security and access governance Participate in the documentation or revision of procedures and support articles Ensure compliance with established norms and standards Rigorous approach to research, analysis and documentation Organizational skills and prioritization Ability to navigate in a changing environment with autonomy Quick to learn, intellectually curious, resourceful Initiative, leadership Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing Ability to work in a team and cultivate productive relationships Focus on customer satisfaction and high quality standards Open-mindedness and active listening skills College degree in Computer Science; Information Security and/or any other combination of education or experience deemed equivalent Minimum of two (2) years experience in an identity and access management role Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory ('on prem' and Azure) and Office 365 environments Knowledge of ticketing tools and identity and access management systems Experience in customer service (an asset) Bilingualism (French/English) French 
ScrapedJobID881:
Experience with large scale security solution deployment Must have good hands-on experience with multiple McAfee products, including ePO, Virus Scan Enterprise and Endpoint Security, Anti-Malware for Physical and Virtualized environments Supporting McAfee products on systems located in corporate network, remote locations, and DMZ Experience in deploying and supporting McAfee DE, FRP, HIPS, VSES and Endpoint Security Storage Protection solutions via McAfee ePO Experience in Managing ePO, Agent Handlers, Distributed Repositories Should be able to handle escalation for all technical and process issues. Ability to provide end to end support to enterprise counterparts, identifying root cause of complex enterprise initiatives Provide technical subject matter expertise wherever required. Ensure proper communication and quick resolution for any Virus outbreak. Plan and schedule Changes, Coordinating with different stakeholders. Perform Threat analysis, identify top few incidents and work with respective teams/individual to minimize the incidents. Troubleshooting & Vendor coordination Prepare Weekly and monthly status reports Participate in business meetings with various stakeholders on a need basis. Work on the service improvement programs Effort estimation/reviews on need basis for new projects Training of new team members Able to work on Knowledge acquisition and updates to related documents Should able to provide BAU support within required SLAs Ability to work in a team and with Client’s server team for any restoration etc. Experience in Managing policies and software deployment Ability to provide end-to-end support to enterprise clients, identifying root cause of complex enterprise initiatives Plan, Upgrade and Deploy new version of McAfee products Provide oversight and guidance to other team members as it relates to the Security realm Willing to work in 24/7 shifts Bachelor’s degree in Computers or other IT related field or 4 years of Information Technology experience with network technologies, specifically TCP/IP and related network tools and concepts Strong knowledge of OSI Layers 1-4. Demonstrable comprehension of Information Security including malware, emerging threats, attacks, and vulnerability management Experience in managing Customer Service and client expectations Ability to complete swift problem resolution, including troubleshooting Analytical approach for solving tasks as well as ability to repeat procedures and follow standards Ability to multi-task with different types of problems Solid written and verbal communication Ability to work independently and succeed on solo projects and willingness to assist within a team as necessary. Certifications in McAfee endpoint security, data encryption, Web Control, Policy Orchestrator 
ScrapedJobID882:
Meeting with the software design team to discuss verification protocols. Identifying software application weaknesses and target areas. Sketching out ideas for automated software test procedures. Reviewing software bug reports and highlighting problem areas. Work with development teams and stakeholders to do performance, load and stress testing of the applications. Writing automation scripts and implementing software applications. Designing and installing software databases. Troubleshooting automation software and finalizing system procedures. Identifying quality issues and creating test reports. Collaborating with the design team to solve application faults. You are an expert at troubleshooting and diagnosing system issues You have working knowledge of issue tracking systems such as JIRA You can create tests with or without business requirements or specifications A high degree of flexibility and creativity Detailed knowledge of application functions, bug fixing, and testing protocols. Good written and verbal communication skills. Strong attention to detail. Good project management skills. 3+ years of experience as a QA Automation Engineer or related field. Experience with Amazon (AWS) or Azure cloud is required. Familiarity with programming script languages including Java, python, .net and go. Excellent analytical skills. Experience with security and compliance frameworks and support (ITIL, PCI, SOC, etc) preferred. A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID883:

ScrapedJobID884:
Provide management and strategic direction to a project team and is shares responsibility. Collaborate closely with Global Head of PMO by providing monthly budget forecasts and reconciling invoices. Partner with Procurement and Vendor Management to create and execute NDAs/Contracts/Statements of Work/Change Orders, to monitor and renegotiate upon expiration of those documents. Collaborates with engineering leads to develop project milestones and facilitates development and testing progress against milestones Collaborates with Business Stakeholders and other IT Global resources to develop project Plans, identify dependencies, Risk Register and all other Project Management deliverables. Attends project meetings, provides project status and assumes the ownership for the delivery of the technical components of the program Effectively applies ELC / IT PMO methodology and enforces project standards across projects and work efforts. Provides Project Financial Management, to:
Ensure project funding processes are completed
Manage project budget and changes
Track and report team hours and expenses on a weekly basis
Update project forecasts on a monthly basis
Track and report on project burn rate Ensure project funding processes are completed Manage project budget and changes Track and report team hours and expenses on a weekly basis Update project forecasts on a monthly basis Track and report on project burn rate Creates and coordinates communication to stakeholders and assists with stakeholder management. Tracks key project milestones and manages project plans, budget and/or resources to meet the needs of stakeholders based on agreed requirements and scope, using defined change control processes. Coordinates communication with all areas of the enterprise that impacts the scope, budget, risk and resources (people/money) of the work effort being managed. Ensures project documents are complete, current and stored appropriately. Ensure all programs and projects are delivered comprehensively, completely, on time, and within budget. Collaborate with Projects/Governance Teams to kick off new projects, to submit project documentation, and to report project status. Responsible for managing all aspects of project management from discovery through delivery implementation. Identifies resource needs and ensures resources are accountable and delivering against their project commitments. Performs quality reviews and follows quality assurance procedures. Manage project risk exposure and will escalate functional, quality, timeline issues appropriately. Directs and monitors work efforts daily & selects appropriate work procedures and approaches to address technical/functional, process and/or people challenges. Participate in collecting requirements and developing ECR reports and metrics. Participate in the design and development of an updated ECR PMO SharePoint site. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field or equivalent experience. 5+ Years of Experience PMP / PgMP` / PMI-ACP / Scrum Master and/or another accredited PMI or PM certification (such as Prince 2) SDLC Methodologies - Agile / Scrum / Rapid Development / Iterative Development / Waterfall Release / Deployment management Strong communication and validation skills. Able to iterate through the requirements in phases. Evidence of staying in alignment with business sponsor, stakeholders, and management. Independent and creative analytical skills and the ability to clearly communicate ideas and confirm understanding. Demonstrated writing skills Requirements definition & management Strong interpersonal skills An exceptional communicator and spirited collaborator Knowledge of budgeting and work scheduling tools and techniques Strong production capabilities in PowerPoint, Keynote, Word, Excel, JIRA, Confluence Strong capabilities using MS Project or another Project Management Tool Previous experience managing IT Infrastructure projects Previous experience in managing IT Scope for Infrastructure Construction projects. Previous experience Managing System Integration Projects Experience working with Manufacturing and Distribution Organizations. Experience supporting Supply Chain Processes (i.e. Order Management, Distribution, Quality, New Product Launch, 3PL) Experience and expertise in Warehousing and Logistics, Manufacturing, QA and Health and Safety Experience working with (or, ability to quickly learn & master) a variety of technologies. Experienced in traditional SDLC and Agile frameworks 
ScrapedJobID885:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Monitor security alerts in SIEM for various IT and OT assets within either 9x5 or 24x7 operational environments Perform manual triaging of triggered alerts to identify potential security incidents and threats Document true positives and initiate incident response as needed Perform host and network data collection for incident response and forensics Analyze collected evidence and reach objective conclusions Lead individual stages of incident response as needed Collaborate efficiently with internal and external stakeholders Document incident response workflow and maintain chain of custody for collected evidence Compile post-incident report and present evidence and documentation to executive and legal teams, and law enforcement agencies as needed Support special security and compliance requirements of external parties Bonus – ability to independently run threat hunting Extra bonus – ability to independently perform security assessments, pen-testing and red-teaming in IT and OT environments Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related area required 2 - 5 years of hands-on information security experience in a SOC environment Detailed familiarity with information security fundamentals and incident response process Relevant cybersecurity certifications are a plus Experience with automating processes using shell scripting and programming languages such as Python is an asset Problem solver with good analytical abilities who tackles challenges with a strong hands-on and can-do attitude Strong stakeholder management skills to have urgent topics addressed in a timely manner 
ScrapedJobID886:
Provides expertise required for the day-to-day and routine troubleshooting and maintenance of the LAN Infrastructure, Videoconference, Firewalls, B2B VPN, Remote Access, Telephony Infrastructure and Network monitoring systems, working with other groups within IT to complete operational tasks. Reviews operational inefficiencies, systemic problems, researching and recommending new technology, and acting as the Sr. Network Analyst on major project initiatives. Diagnoses and performs analysis on larger-scale problems (e.g. remote access is not working, affecting multiple users), analyzing the individual components that may be contributing to the problem. Diagnoses and resolves non-routine and complex network/telephony problems (e.g. DCO core switch failure) Designs, installs, supports and troubleshoots more complex technologies such as: Ethernet switches and router equipment, remote access (SSL & IPSec, VPN), WAN compression devices, business to business VPN connections, firewalls, VoIP. Diagnoses performance issues and performs application analysis on the largest-scale problems. Leads smaller-scale projects of short duration e.g. 1-2 months or components of larger-scale projects, (e.g. cable, plant and equipment), where the impact on the network systems are contained. Liaises with vendors in support of communications circuits and communications equipment under contract and with building services regarding the management of the LAN/WAN. Plan components of large projects and/or plans and leads small projects. Graduation from a recognized educational institution in electronics, data networking, telecommunications, or Graduation from an equivalent formal education program and relevant technological experience Cisco CCNA or equivalent technical certifications preferred Five of more years of prior experience in an IT Network Analyst or similar role to gain design-related expertise with IT Infrastructure technologies. Understanding of CNL-specific practices and processes. Incorporates industry best practices and new technology into CNL's network infrastructure (e.g. next-gen firewalls, cloud networking, VPN technologies, etc.) Uses creativity and judgment in resolving non-standard problems. Creativity and innovation are a regular part of this position. Follows procedures manual and customer service protocol. Identifies performance issues using well-defined toolsets. Coaches and trains other members of Networks team. Communicates with other departments regarding the coordination of services e.g. with building services regarding the management of the network and telephony services. Leads larger-scale multidisciplinary project teams for periods of long-duration. Communicates with vendors as part of a Project Team during the evaluation and vendor selection phase of new network hardware/software. Works closely with vendors during the installation phase to identify and document potential problems, and their solution. 
ScrapedJobID887:
Detailed design, coding, integration, testing (including automated test scripts), debugging, configuration, and documentation of firmware for the assigned sub-system, features, or tools Participate in peer design and code review Implement software solutions based on requirements, architecture, and high-level design documentation Assist in developing customer-facing documents such as user guides, application notes, and release notes Participate in and influence continuous software development process improvements Degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a Technology Diploma with relevant industry experience in embedded software development. Strong programming skills, which involves software design from marketing requirements, solid software implementations, and diligence in ensuring platform security. Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment with measurable results Work well individually with minimal direction and in a team environment. Effective written and verbal communication skills. 5+ years of experience in the following areas: Strong knowledge in networking concepts, in particular: Routing, Firewall, VPN tunneling Strong experience in development in C/C++ and scripting languages (Perl, Python, Bash) Strong experience in troubleshooting complex network problems Familiarity with the Linux networking stack Experience with Wi-Fi, Cellular, or Ethernet technologies 
ScrapedJobID888:
System architecture, design, preliminary and detailed engineering Implementation, testing and technical hands-on assignments and projects as required Perform penetration testing and vulnerability assessments Deploy, manage, monitor firewalls and design enterprise systems Continued professional development through participation in internal and external learning opportunities Graduate in Electrical Engineering or equivalent education Minimum 10 years of relevant experience Minimum CISSP certification and CCNP Security certified (or equivalent) Experience with NERC CIP V3 and 5 policy implementation, testing, and program development (systems architecture, documentation, systematic reporting and data retrieval, etc.) Experience deploying, managing, monitoring firewalls and designing enterprise systems Enterprise Management of critical applications Experience working as a member of multi-disciplinary design teams Detailed knowledge of IT security concepts Understanding of Regulatory and Controls requirements such as: PCI, FFIEC, SOX, HIPAA, ISO 2700x, and NIST standards Ability to clearly communicate complex architectures through the use of standard drawing tools A broad technical background is required with an emphasis in IT security Highly meticulous nature, strong attention to detail Ability to plan, prioritize, organize Ability to work with minimal supervision 
ScrapedJobID889:
Perform audit procedures/documentation in accordance with department standards and the International Professional Practices Framework (Internal Audit Standards) Present information in oral and written format to clients Challenge current practices and evaluate opportunities for improvement Perform work in a systematic and disciplined approach in accordance with standards Be detail oriented, think critically, analyze information, and solve problems Ensure that information in decision making is relevant, accurate and sufficient Communicate clearly and concisely, listen actively, and present information both verbally and in writing Organize and prioritize workload, participate fully as a team player, and discuss feedback/constructive criticism with an open and positive attitude Learn new software applications quickly and effectively Pursue professional development and apply relevant learning opportunities A bachelor’s degree in Commerce or Business and/or a recognized accounting designation such as Certified Professional Accountant (CPA), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), or other IT certification/designation (CISSP, CISM, or other applicable IT certifications) A minimum of 27 months of experience conducting internal audits or equivalent experience in a related field of business. Other related education and work experience may be considered Experience in Information Technology audit is an advantage Working knowledge of risk and internal control concepts General knowledge of risk, governance, and control frameworks (e.g., COSO) Working knowledge of MS Office (intermediate Excel, Word, Outlook) 
ScrapedJobID890:
Project Team Integration (30%): Collaborating with project team members to assist in creating required documents & checklists. Reviewing project plans to ensure alignment with security operations is considered and/or new processes are developed. Aiding Security Architecture with completion of project RFI/RFP documentation. Security Operational Expertise (50%) – Developing and documenting security standards and best practices that Finning should follow. Supporting the Security Operations Centre (SOC) Operational tasks through automation and technical efficiencies. Responding to any security breaches or intrusions. Enhancement of Security maturity (20%) – Helping provide organizational security awareness including content and training. Educating the workforce on information security awareness and best practices. Assisting with rapid, agile digital initiatives by providing design and contract reviews. A degree or equivalent education in a related discipline such as Computer Science, Business Computing, or Engineering. Security certification will be an asset. Obtained at least one of or working towards the following certifications:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Information Systems Security Architecture Professional (ISSA)
GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC)
GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP) Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Information Systems Security Architecture Professional (ISSA) GIAC Security Essentials (GSEC) GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP) Direct experience with Security technologies such as: Firewalls, Endpoint Protection, Cloud Security Platforms, Security Logging & Monitoring, Email filtering. Experienced time management skills, researching and developing security policies, standards and procedures. Sound understanding and implementation of cybersecurity trends, security methodologies, and OSI model; TCP/IP stack, C++, and Java; Python Net, bash, and power shell. Ability to effectively communicate security concepts to technical and non-technical audiences. High level of personal integrity, with the ability to handle confidential and otherwise sensitive matters professionally and with the appropriate level of judgment and maturity. 
ScrapedJobID891:
Casual dress On-site parking Paid time off Day shift Monday to Friday Dunnville, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID892:
Responsible for Wireless design and optimization of cellular networks. Evaluate projects to support network evolution to meet growing subscriber demand, analyzing coverage, capacity, and performance. Develop project related planning documents for new site builds and network augmentation Interface with planners and real estate for service requirements, providing feedback on proposed deployment solutions. Work with and provide guidance to construction and civil engineering, transport planning, equipment engineering. Lead network collaboration meetings, design reviews, and change meetings. Successful completion of relevant Post-Secondary Education in an Engineering related field. 5+ years of experience with RAN Engineering. 4G and or 5G core experience. Experience working with Ericsson or Nokia would be considered an asset. Advanced skills in NetAct and Planet. Experience and solid understanding of 4G/5G technologies. Ability to read and interpret mechanical and electrical drawings. Excellent communications skills, both written and verbal Attitude focused on team success and improving the customer experience. Proven ability to put words in actions and ability to deliver results. Ability to work with change, in a competitive environment where priorities change frequently. Registered P.Eng would be considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID893:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Act as a Subject Mater Expert (SME) of Siemens’ Industrial network and security products and solutions Develop Industrial Network and Security architectures as per customer needs Create detailed design documentations for complex Industrial network and security solutions Perform on-site activities including: Configuration, integration and testing of industrial network and security solutions. Perform system tests and produce reports as required. Optimize an existing network and stage network for factory and lab testing as needed. Develop training course curriculums, build training material and perform training activities as needed. Prepare and present detailed technical proposals, including product demonstrations and solution prototypes. Performs complex hardware and/or software design consultation in accordance with customer/project needs. Resolves very complex technical problems to meet customers' needs. Provide post and Pre-sales support for the Siemens’ industrial network and security solutions. Generates technical collateral such as blueprints, application notes and whitepapers. Bachelor of Science/Associate degree in electrical/computer/mechanical engineering/computer science or equivalent technical degree. Network design (Topologies, Rings, Routing, VLAN, VRRP). WLAN design under IEEE 802.11 and knowledge in Rapid Roaming, IPCF, IPCF-MC. Networking analysis knowledge and proficiencies in Wireshark, SNMP, NMap, and Wireless Site Surveys Good working knowledge of Linux and Virtualized environments Experience working with Next Generation Firewalls (NGFW) Prior automation/networking experience and use of protocols in SCADA an Industrial applications Networking Certifications such as CCNP or Siemens certifications is an asset. Cybersecurity Certifications such as IEC62443 is a plus. Demonstrate project management skills. Solution fitting Troubleshooting/Fault analysis Ability to manage his/her own time and tasks with minimal supervision Self-motivated and self-starter Sound interpersonal, organizational and communication skills. Excellent command of the English language... professional knowledge of a second language (French, Spanish) is an asset Excellent command of Word, Excel, VISIO, PowerPoint and Outlook Able to accommodate for 30% to 50 % of Travel schedule internationally worldwide on short notice. Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the Canada, and able to travel to the USA and internationally on short notice 
ScrapedJobID894:
We are ONE team - there’s no room for blame or egos Everything we do is tied to the business We challenge the status quo - and when others think we’re done, we make it better We live up to our commitments - to ourselves, our customers, leaders, peers, family and our friends Our success is all about how we do things - how we think, solve problems, deliver, communicate, measure success and continuous improvements Welcomes the opportunities to drive change enabling increased demand on how technology impacts lawful compliance & what are the operational consequences. Recognized as a strong collaborative team player that influences operational change As an COLT advocate, Trusted Advisor and Partner you will represent COLT at a number of projects articulating COLT operational needs ensuring TELUS is working through governance, risk assessment and delivering to lawful compliance. Critical Thinker - Own and address complex issues end-to end from assessment to interpretation to recommendations/resolution Adapt to on-going change and prioritizations University degree/diploma in technology related field and/or professional designation in computer science or equivalent work experience Ability to translate business requirements into technical requirements and the technical information to business impacts Ability to consult, guide and influence within a team and within the business using tact, diplomacy and common sense. Strong motivation and coaching skill to guide and support teams throughout a project. Demonstrated skill to research and present alternative security solutions to reduce or eliminate identified risks Excellent time management skill, especially in high pressured situations Excellent and proficient skills in communication, written, verbal and listening Successfully obtain Canada PWGSC Clearance Knowledge of TELUS Reliability and Change Management Bilingual - French Familiar with API and SQL, 
ScrapedJobID895:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID896:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID897:
Work closely with the BRMS IT Risk to assure the implementation and sustainment of 1st Line of Defense Business IT & Cyber Risk capabilities, and ensure governance measurements and metrics are in place Acts as a center of excellence for education and advocacy on RBC’s Cyber Risk, and a key contact for CB Businesses, T&O and GRM, providing subject matter expertise on Cyber Risk initiatives and requirements Lead, direct and oversee activities on planning, delivery and implementation to ensure platform-wide program strategic goals and objectives are accomplished within approved time frames and scope Coordinate the collection, storing and producing of cybersecurity evidence in preparation for regulators, assist with Business and Technology risk and audits and maintain cybersecurity assurance program documentation and content systems Organize the quarterly Cyber Risk committee, arranging agendas and working with RBC stakeholders to prioritize key Cyber Risk initiatives to address gaps identified in the E&Y Cyber Risk paper Develop monitoring framework for Cyber Risk across key areas like IT applications, Digital, Data loss Prevention, Third Party Risk and Fraud, and develop appropriate CB Dashboards for Cyber and IT Risk Provide oversight on implementing business as usual processes for CB Business units or by BRMS for Enterprise IT risk initiatives; like Identity Access management program, IMAAC, Data Loss Prevention, etc This includes driving the transition from project mode to a business as usual state, while ensuring Enterprise policy and program requirements are adhered to and risks are adequately mitigated Strong related Canadian Banking National Office and/or Cyber Risk experience Solid knowledge of RBC Canadian Baking Operations and strong financial and business acumen Proven transformation leadership skills and demonstrated leadership capabilities Ability to work well in a matrix environment and develop the team by creating and leveraging opportunities for innovation, growth and learning for all employees Strong change leadership and impact and influence capabilities Ability to lead with a collaborative mindset and naturally adept at partnering with peers and colleagues within the organization A collaborative work ethic and enterprise-wide mindset, with ability to interact with senior business and function executives for discussion of business cases, issues, conflicts and presentations Competitive Compensation Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work with a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
ScrapedJobID898:
Hands-on experience is required to provide specific guidance to platform & application operators to ensure real world security against likely & plausible threats to Rogers. Compile metrics for management review. Responsible for embedding design patterns, standards, and best practices for cloud security. Develop cloud services security controls, review with operation team, and facilitate the implementation. Work with application teams to deploy security controls. Evaluates existing infrastructure and identify potential threats and gaps in security posture and prioritize remediation efforts Monitor progress, manage risk, and communicate with key stakeholders on progress and expected outcomes, and propose and take corrective action as appropriate. Strong project management with an attention to detail. Knowledge of various tools (ex. CSPM, HELM for Kubernetes, Python, Jenkins, etc.), including the ability to deploy, configure, and run. Identify areas to implement continuous improvement of security and operational functions to support Information Security. Knowledge of cybersecurity concepts and methods including, but not limited to, vulnerability management, privacy, incident response, governance, risk and compliance, enterprise security strategies, and architecture. Engage with cross-functional teams in the design and implementation of cloud and cloud-security projects and initiatives. University degree or equivalent industry experience. Knowledge of AWS, Azure, and Oracle cloud services and related controls. 3-5 years of experience working in Cloud Security role. Strong communication, presentation, and relationship skills, especially the ability to articulate technical topics. Knowledge of security and industry standards (e.g., ISO, NIST, ITIL, COBIT.) The successful candidate must hold or be willing to pursue related professional certifications such as the CISSP or equivalent. Scripting (PowerShell, Python) knowledge/experience a bonus. Knowledge of Linux, Windows system. Ability to lead the team and work well both independently and in a team environment. Good working knowledge with Microsoft products such as Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Our people are at the heart of our success Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do We do what’s right, each and every day We believe in the power of new ideas We work as one team, with one vision We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
ScrapedJobID899:
Are experienced in consulting and advisory discussions with clients and other consulting firms Are talented in designing and implementing technology solutions Are experienced in working with or leading medium to large teams Are able to collaborate within a large global organization Take full accountability to lead and manage work streams and ensure work is coordinated across different work streams, processes, or projects. Create and validate the detailed design of solution components in accordance with the target solution within environments of medium size and complexity Lead small to medium project general design and delivery (solution architecture and associated infrastructure or business and functional requirements) Are highly regarded individual who proactivity builds trust with clients at multiple levels, sought out for follow on work Prepare well written, logical, concise material without guidance Identify new or extend current opportunities at the account level and contribute to upsell. Present well to audiences of all sizes and challenges client assumptions constructively Complete defined work streams on time, on budget and with expected quality level within the scope of the role. Makes internal contributions to practice Bilingual (Preferred) - French You solve complex problems that span across work domains requiring considerable judgement of contextual factors. You have wide scope for autonomous decision-making within established work plans. You develop a strong client relationship and contribute to sales outcomes. You work well under guidance and direction, but fully independent in own work. You identify utilities, tools or processes to improve project development. You structure and deliver work results against defined standards and maintain structured, accurate and current work records Proven experience in the design and implementation of Anti-Virus and Endpoint Detection and Response solutions to protect, detect and response to cyber incidents on endpoints across all major operating systems. Proven experience protecting email, instant messaging and collaboration platforms from malicious attacks, such as Phishing as well as from more sophisticated attacks such as Spear Phishing, Business Email Compromise and identity theft. Proven experience with user and entity behavioral analytics and how these services can be used to identify and defend against identity compromise. Proven experience of security, incident and event management solutions, their design, implementation and integration into Security Operations. Azure Sentinel experience is of particular interest. Proven experience performing use case development and rules that can be applied to consolidate events across disparate systems and used to identify an attack chain across systems. Proven experience performing threat hunting across endpoints, identities, networking, cloud and collaboration platforms. A good understanding of threat modelling, risk and how to mitigate the risks concerning applications, both from internal and external threat actors. A deep understanding of incident response processes and techniques for cyber recovery. A deep understanding of security operations centers, their functions and roles. A good understanding of the Microsoft platforms across Windows, Microsoft 365 and Azure. Experienced in managed security services, incident response and security advisory. A good understanding of techniques and approaches used by threat actors to compromise companies. A good understanding of the MITRE ATT&CK framework and how it can be applied to help customers improve their cyber defense. A good understanding of the business, privacy, security, and compliance challenges surrounding client data and able to articulate and understand the types of assets that would be seen as valuable and susceptible to attack. With an eye to the future, you are aware of emerging technologies in the Cyber Defense space. M365 Threat Protection (Security Center, MCAS, Defender for endpoint, Office 365, Identity) Splunk Enterprise Security Certified Admin CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Administrator CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Responder CrowdStrike Certified Falcon Hunter ZCCA-IA - Cloud Administrator Internet Access ZCCA-PA - Cloud Administrator Private Access AZ-500: Microsoft Azure Security Technologies SC-200: Microsoft Security Operations Analyst SC-900 Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals SC-300: Microsoft Identity and Access Administrator SC-400: Microsoft Information Protection Administrator Opportunity to work for Microsoft’s Global Alliance Partner of the Year (17 of the last 20 years) Exceptional development and training to help you understand Microsoft's broader Security, Compliance, and Identity (SCI) ecosystem with a minimum 80 hours/year of training and paid certifications Avanade University - real-time access to technical and skilled resources globally Dedicated career adviser to encourage your progression Reward and recognition program Full benefits package including medical coverage, income protection policy, extended benefits, bonus program, generous retirement plan, and much more. 
ScrapedJobID900:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas. Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results. Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems. Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends. Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance. Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice. Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives. Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others. Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships. Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives Experience in securing cloud (IaaS/PaaS/SaaS) and Network and Network Security solutions. Experience building and migrating applications in the cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) Good understanding of cloud security architecture, security assessments, audit standards for the Cloud, security threats in the cloud Experience in working as part of a large team to deliver cloud security services on its own or within large complex projects. In possession of or working toward industry recognized cloud security certifications such as CCSK, CCSP, Azure Security Engineer, Azure Solution Architect Expert, AWS Solution Architect Associate/Professional Familiarity with GDPR, PCI, SOX 404 and/or OSFI compliance Scripting experience using either Shell, Perl, Python, JavaScript, PowerShell, AWS-CLI, Azure-CLI, GCP CLI, etc. is a plus Good working level knowledge of IP Networking. Routing protocols (OSPF, ISIS, BGP), signalling protocols (RSVP, LDP), QoS, IP VPN, VLAN, VLL/VPLS, etc. Good working level understanding of Network Security devices NG Firewalls, DDoS, WAF, IPS/IDS. In possession of or working toward CCNP / CCIE certification. Advanced certifications such as SANS GIAC/GCIA/GCIH, CISSP or CASP and/or SIEM-specific training and certification, Palo Alto (e.g. PCNSE), Checkpoint (e.g. CCSE), VMware Demonstrated leadership abilities Adaptable and capable of managing difficult situations 
ScrapedJobID901:
Effective writing, communication, and presentation skills Exhibit professional business conduct The ability to work easily with diverse and dynamic teams Comfortable working in a project based / client serving model with minimal oversight and direction Self-starter mentality Ability to absorb professional knowledge quickly and develop skills Must be able to draw upon professional concepts to collaborate with others to carry out assigned duties Challenge the validity of given procedures and processes with the intent to enhance and improve Demonstrated analytical skills 5+ years’ experience in information security consulting (professional services consulting for end clients) In possession of, or able to qualify for, Canadian security clearance 5+ years’ experience in interfacing at multiple levels of client management and building relationships 3+ years’ experience in supervising/managing and leading teams to success 2+ years’ experience in managing complex projects and using project management skills Basic knowledge in security industry regulations/standards (PCI DSS, HIPAA) and compliance frameworks (NIST, ISO 27002, CobiT) Bachelors’ degree in Computer science, CIS/MIS, engineering, information security, or related Willingness to travel, depending on client requirements 7+ years’ experience in information security consulting (professional services consulting for end clients) 5+ years’ experience in managing complex projects and using project management skills Basic cloud proficiency with Azure, AWS, or GCP Certified in at least 1 of CISSP, PMP, CISA and/or CISM or equivalent certification 
ScrapedJobID902:
Excellent understanding of information security and software vulnerability concepts Experience in areas of vulnerability research Experience using disassemblers and debuggers (IDA pro, ollydbg, Windbg, etc) Knowledge of networking protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, SSL/TLS, etc.) Knowledge of the C/C++ programming languages Strong problem solving, troubleshooting and analysis skills Experience with static binary and code analysis methods for the identification of security vulnerabilities Good written communication skills Experience in Vulnerability Assessment and/or Penetration Testing IT Security Certification such as OSCP or CEH is an asset Experience with and understanding of assembly language (x86, MIPS, ARM) Experience with embedded and real-time operating systems Software Development is an asset Knowledge of malware analysis techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID903:
Develop and maintain global policies and standards on cyber and information security Develop security architectural patterns Assist with global security awareness and phishing programs Oversee audit and cyber risk assessment activities Manage global cyber metrics programs and quarterly reporting Assist with quarterly and annual IT-related SOx compliance activities The successful candidate will provide thought leadership and possess the capabilities to influence others through the communication and dissemination of data driven, risk-based guidance Strong leadership skills Motivates and inspires others Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Experience dealing with senior leaders Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or related discipline CISSP, CISA, CISM, CCSP or other relevant security related designation(s) 7-10 years of experience in IT Security/Risk management Experience in the delivery of cyber security governance activities Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Demonstrated working knowledge of securing cloud environments (Aws, Azure, Google) Working knowledge of Cybersecurity frameworks (NIST Cyber Security Framework (CSF), ISO27000, IEC 62443) Knowledge of cyber security principles and best practices related IT Demonstrated experience in the development of security policies and standards Experience with development and administration of risk assessments and reviews Experience in cyber incident management and response 3 years’ experience with operational technologies 
ScrapedJobID904:
Functional Drive the development, implementation and ongoing improvements of security processes that result in effective methods for reducing security risks before project deployments Support and resolve findings from SAST, DAST, pen test and other review process within agreed upon SLAs. Ownership of key security focused projects, ensuring project budget, timelines and scope are met, while managing associated resourcing and risk. Participate in driving the vision, strategy, transformation, design and delivery of security products, processes and application enhancement across key mobile, web, IVR and big data based applications and supported sites that serve our customers Partner with Customer Experience, Corporate and IT Security teams to resolve, and build customer centric and secure solutions Accountable to pull together overall program status, communications materials for executive review. Ability to produce effective metrics reporting the state of application security programs Build and maintain relationships with external delivery partners Demonstrate the ability to effectively collaborate with Executives, Directors, Managers and Team Members in the pursuit of measurable outcomes and results People Management Provides leadership and direction for full time and contract Project Managers, SecOps primes, Security, Business and Technical analysts Responsible for the management of approximately 40 contract or fulltime resources setup in matrix organization located in various urban centers such as; Mississauga, Montreal, and Toronto. Travel between offices is required. Mentor, coach and support staff in their personal and professional development e.g. objective setting, performance appraisals, training plans, talent management, organization changes, salary reviews, etc. Provide vision, leadership, structure and communications to the team as work to though normal operational activities including service interruptions and project deployments. Ensures timely and effective communications with internal/external customers, internal resources, partners and outside agencies Proven communication, negotiation, facilitation and persuasion skills enabling internal and external members to come together to solve a business problem or improve operational excellence 10+ years of experience leading and developing teams focused in the areas of Security Architecture, Secure Development Lifecycle Management, Application Security (web and Mobile) 5+ years leading at a director level or higher, motivating teams and fostering professional development Bring a deep background and broad experience in Information Security, Application Security, & Application Development or related business areas Proven experience of web & mobile development lifecycles and methodologies, including Waterfall and Agile Scrum (SaFE). Demonstrated success leading large programs and teams in multiple locations. Experience evaluating existing security standards and technology to discover opportunities and mitigate risks. Proven IT experience with excellent communication skills and the ability to understand and articulate to all levels of management representing both technical and business perspectives. Strong negotiation, facilitation and persuasion skills enabling internal and external members to collaborate and build premier digital experiences Strong analytical thinker with ability to associate technical tasks as well as relate to pertinent business processes Strong experience with implementing successful and effective sSDLC program with high level of automation In-depth experience with common web application vulnerabilities, such as the OWASP Top 10, and business logic flaws; ability to explain all vulnerabilities and weaknesses and discuss effective defensive techniques Bachelor’s Degree, MBA or Master’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or related field (proven and documented experience can be used in place of education) Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills Flexibility and adaptability to respond to new information, changing conditions, and obstacles Partnering and collaboration skills to develop networks, build alliances, engage in cross-functional activities and find common ground with stakeholders. Knowledge of operations management competencies that can be applied regardless of situation or initiative e.g. critical outage, system maintenance, contract negotiations, etc Program Management Experience involving significant revenue streams Security+, GSEC, CISSP certifications Occasional travel to regional offices in Montreal, Toronto and Ottawa, conferences, employee sessions, seminars, training, etc Willing to work as the job requires; non-business hour and weekend work as it relates to meeting timeline or assisting with incident and problem resolution 
ScrapedJobID905:
Provide people and process leadership and foster a collaborative, pragmatic, and innovative team environment Be a trusted technology advisor with a focus on achieving business outcomes, and ensure processes are user-friendly, effective, and efficient Ensure the team has the appropriate staffing levels, training, and expertise to meet the needs of the product and project teams and to achieve agreed-to service levels. Partner with sponsors to establish, maintain, and drive prioritized capability roadmaps Lead the development, implementation, and continuous delivery of chapter and platform capabilities, in collaboration with various stakeholders, such as product owners Incorporate feedback and lessons learned to drive continuous improvement of the related processes and tools Ensure Change, Incident, and Problem Management operate within expected service levels, and provide regular reporting on the health and progress of these services Define and evolve the team’s objectives, and report on key success metrics to show the overall health of the capabilities, measure progress, and identify areas for improvement / investment 10+ years’ experience in a technology environment with progressive leadership roles Ability to exercise effective independent judgment to deliver business results in a fast moving, high pressure environment with competing priorities Strong interpersonal, communication and influencing skills to build credibility and collaboration, including developing effective cross-organizational and vendor relationships Ability to inspire and coach technical teams to reach their full potential Comfortable using data to inform decision-making process and ability to translate business objectives into technical solutions Top candidates will have knowledge of retail and/or banking and/or automotive applications and related hardware platforms, operations support, and cybersecurity 
ScrapedJobID906:
Examine and evaluate current systems Identify system requirements from business stakeholders Liaise with users to track additional requirements and features Apply change management best practices to insure successful integrations Train users on the new systems and provide support Lead internal management and improvement meetings Develop data migration and deployment strategies Manage all new system implementation and deployment projects Define and improve our data security infrastructure and protocols Validate changes by testing programs Stay up to date with current technologies Act as a technological leader You are not afraid to take initiatives, and you challenge the status quo Be methodical, intuitive and structured in your way of approaching and solving technical problems Ability to work in a team, but also to demonstrate autonomy Able to manage multiple priorities and projects simultaneously Be receptive, attentive to needs Good listening skills Get it done attitude Excellent analytical skills You are a positive, dynamic, problem-solving person Spearhead for successful change management Demonstrate excellent resourcefulness Excellent communication, presentation, negotiation, conflict resolution skills Ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical personnel Experience conducting large scale requirements and design sessions with business owners Must be a self-starter, results-oriented and have a track record of timely high-quality deliverables Knowledge of several business processes Such as accounting, purchasing, manufacturing (MRP), CRM, quality, etc. Application of the concept of iterative development such as the Agile method Experience with several full life cycle implementations and/or equivalent experience in a support role Hands on experience with software development and documentation Bilingual Preference given to candidates that reside in the Quebec City region Hold an undergraduate university degree in computer science or equivalent 7+ years of proven work experience as a system analyst At least 3 years of experience in an analyst role specializing in ERP Solid knowledge of popular ERP systems Solid knowledge of popular PLM systems Database experience, Access, SQL, Oracle Proficiency using Microsoft Apps Strong Asset: Power BI development and implementing experience Strong Asset: Implementation of Sharepoint experience 
ScrapedJobID907:
Strong customer service skills Hands-on experience with Microsoft 365 (Exchange Online, Teams, OneDrive, SharePoint) Experience with VMware and Hyper-V Experience with cloud backup Comfortable working with various firewalls and managed switches (i.e. you've created a port forwarding rule before and tagged a VLAN) Hands-on experience with Azure required; preference given to those experienced with managing Azure stack technologies (AADS/AutoPilot/InTune) Some SQL Server experienced required (i.e. you can write some basic queries and know your way around an install and log management) PowerShell experience required (i.e. you're comfortable modifying scripts and have written a few yourself to do some sysadmin tasks) Familiar with the MSP industry (i.e. you've worked with small businesses who don't have their own IT departments) All candidates must have a valid driver's license and own a vehicle. All candidates must be able to safely lift and carry items weighing 50lbs or more. Ethernet Cabling Experience with Professional Services Automation (PSA, ticket system) and Remote Monitoring and Management (RMM) software Experience with NIST Cybersecurity Framework or CIS 20 Controls (IT security governance) Providing tech support to our varied client base Installing and managing applications Patch management Monitoring backups Expanding our remote monitoring and automation through Powershell Security hardening Server builds (VMware and Hyper-V) 365/Azure AD integrations/migrations Updating documentation Comprehensive Benefits Package Contributions towards Certifications/Training Bonus pay Dental care Life insurance Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift On call London, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) IT support: 3 years (required) Drivers License (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID908:
Design, build and implement security solution that are compliant with the company Cybersecurity Standards Develop detailed-level design requirements for architecture implementations operationalization Work with various internal IS, IT, SE teams to understand and develop their target architecture needs Collaborate with various internal IS, IT, SE teams to conduct intense pre-project assessments - define project; validate requirements; contribute to budget estimates; examine feasibility; recommend next steps etc. Advise in assessing a solution’s current architecture and provide detailed recommended on both a tactical and strategic level Work internally to develop delivery guides, assessments, and common security architecture patterns for project delivery Work with various IS Architects, IS Integrators, SE & DevOps teams on engagements to deliver end-to-end solutions Deliver projects around cloud security, governance, and other foundational aspects of cloud computing Engage with technical stakeholders, such as Product Managers, Product Owners, Scrum Masters, IT Security & ISM Provide technical guidance for Developers, Data Engineers, Data Scientists and DevOps Engineers for securely using Cloud Services according to best practices Present to senior management and the architecture peer review board to gain buy-in and acceptance of solution approaches, and to ensure that decisions are made with the interest of the enterprise vision in mind Languages spoken and written: English,French Level of experience: Senior Years of experience: 5+ Experience with network and security technologies :
Routing and switching (Cisco)
Network Access Control ( Cisco ISE)
Software Defied Networking (Cisco ACI)
Next-generation Firewalls (PaloAlto)
IPS/IDS (Sourcefire)
Traditional firewalls ( Cisco ASA) Routing and switching (Cisco) Network Access Control ( Cisco ISE) Software Defied Networking (Cisco ACI) Next-generation Firewalls (PaloAlto) IPS/IDS (Sourcefire) Traditional firewalls ( Cisco ASA) Experience with implementation of Secure Cloud Solutions :
Private Cloud
AWS
Azure Private Cloud AWS Azure Access Control Continuity and Disaster Recovery Data Recovery Incident Response Security Monitoring End-user devices security (Desktop and Mobile) Vulnerability management Ability to create and deliver effective presentations and briefings to key stakeholders – IS Team, SE & DevOps Teams, IT senior management & executives Ability to quickly adapt to changing priorities in a high paced environment. Literacy with Agile practices and tools such as Jira, Kanban, etc. Highly effective communication skills - written & verbal An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID909:
Develop code, unit test, debug, and implement requests for programs, small projects, and system changes in a custom application environment with a focus on product security. Assist in the development and documentation of system architecture, designs, and consult on encryption management solutions. Analyze and improve performance of the infrastructure and applications. Works with eco-system partners to help improve the security of the entire compute base from CPU to GPU. Very good communicator; able to engage and effectively respond to diverse internal partners. Support global business users to ensure enterprise applications SLAs are met. Work both independently and as part of a strong, collaborative team across multiple geographies. Self-starter who requires minimal supervision. Able to proactively support a team culture that fosters excellent collaboration. Since the position entails working with confidential information, a high level of integrity is required. Software development experience in .Net, Java, C++, SQL, UNIX/Linux. Web application development, Tomcat, JBoss or WebSphere. Strong understanding of computer architecture systems and concepts, including CPU architecture, fundaments of the system memory hierarchy and caches, and underlying system hardware and firmware. Knowledge of existing hardware architecture(s) (prefer x86 and/or ARM) including associated security and/or virtualization extensions. Must possess an understanding of all aspects of data, client/server and network security, including such areas as firewall administration, encryption technologies and network protocols. Experience with custom development solutions hosted on premise or in the Cloud. Experience with firmware, APIs, applications, OSes and their interactions within Windows, Linux, gaming, compute, and virtualization environments. Eagerness and ability to quickly learn new concepts. Worked in cross-site and matrix environments. Database development, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server. Possess fundamental knowledge of security principles and properties, including confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, authorization, and auditing. Understand industrial security standards: TCG, DMTF, OCP NIST, FIPS, Common Criteria, etc. Working knowledge of cryptography and encryption key management an asset. Relevant industry experience is highly beneficial. 
ScrapedJobID910:
Computer hardware or software retailer/wholesaler Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Git Shell script Internet access Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Linux JavaScript Database software MAC Servers HTML editing software Web service design Website creation and management software Cloud 
ScrapedJobID911:
Passion – we love what we do Integrity – we do what we say Excellence – we always make it better Innovation – we envision, build, and deliver Expertise – we understand what you need Install, configure, and maintain Linux servers, on both hardware and virtualized infrastructure Performs systems administration functions such as managing user accounts and profiles, and maintaining hardware and software inventory and licenses Monitors server and storage health and performance; remediate issues detrimental to the health or performance of systems Identifies recurring hardware and software problems and recommends plans for prevention and resolution Harden the security of server and networking infrastructure by applying proper configuration, security updates, and other appropriate security measures Ensures data security and availability through proper backup and verification procedures Advocates information technology security best practices; ensure systems conform to company security standards and policies Research and test new and emerging server and storage technologies. Ensure future infrastructure capacity through recommendations to the Operations Manager Supports user requests for administrative systems Assists in IT hardware and software rollouts, including PCs, printers, phones, other IT resources Participate in 24x7 on-call support rotation as required Various operating systems including Windows Server, RedHat, CentOS, Ubuntu Container technologies such as Docker Virtualized environments using VMware EXSi Public and private cloud environments such as IBM Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Azure. Experienced in managing LAN, WAN, and virtualized network environments including routing, firewall rules, VPNs, etc. Demonstrated experience in automation of infrastructure deployment using scripting languages and industry tools such as Ansible, Vagrant, etc. Working knowledge of server hardware components and data center equipment such as UPS’s, PDU’s and be conceptuality aware of structured cabling standards and best practices. Working knowledge of specialized applications services such as LDAP, SMTP, SFTP, SNMP, etc. Demonstrated experience on your resume supporting end-user IT hardware and software Practical knowledge of IT security principles Ability to collaborate with other members of the IT team Perform tasks in an efficient and effective manner Ability to exhibit a positive attitude and to deal with coworkers and customers tactfully and courteously in order to maintain effective service-oriented relationships Ability to communicate effectively and follow oral and written instructions Minimum 5 years of demonstrated experience as a System and Network Administrator College degree Must be legally allowed to work in Canada Role is not open for relocation support 
ScrapedJobID912:
Competitive compensation package; Flexible work hours that offer work/life balance; Opportunity to learn, grow and innovate; Friendly and supportive team environment; and, Opportunity to provide your input into making this organization successful. Manage Help Desk tickets in a timely manner. Respond to client/user issues via phone, email and computer chat (Slack/Zoom). Provide client/user assistance. Document client/user interactions. Run diagnostics to resolve client/user reported issues. Escalate issues to the next Tier with next level of difficulty. Install, make changes and repair computer hardware and software. Follow-up with client/user to ensure issues are resolved. Regular follow up with clients with recommendations, updates and action plans (internal and external). Reproduce issues in-house, respond back in a timely manner, and escalate issues in a timely manner. Participate in projects when needed to deploy new solutions or company software to external clients. Work with different vendors and partners to ensure systems are stable and configured as per company standards. Leverage internal technical expertise, including peers, knowledge base, community forums and other internal tools, to provide the most effective solutions to customer issues. Create/document solutions to capture new learning for reuse throughout the organization. Participate in technical communication within the IT Team to share best practices and learn about new technologies. Install and configure hardware and software components to ensure usability. Troubleshoot hardware and software issues. Repair/replace damaged hardware. Upgrade/patch user systems to enable compatible software on all computers. Management of the IT hardware and software inventory along with licensing information. Install and upgrade anti-virus software to ensure security at the user level. Perform tests and evaluations of new software and hardware. Provide support to users and be the first point of contact for error reporting. Establish good relationships with all departments and colleagues. Manage and conduct daily backups and related operations. Maintain technical documentation on installation of software, configuration of hardware and problem troubleshooting. Assist with troubleshooting of printers/photocopiers and various software. Provide training on systems as required to end users. Other duties as required by the Company. Flexibility to work a variety of shifts with minimal notice. Available to work overtime. Detail oriented in order to keep detailed notes on tickets. Highly organized to keep Help desk tickets order. Hands on experience with diagnosing and resolving basic technical issues. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Customer-oriented and patient. Proficiency with a Windows (Windows 2008 and above administration) and Linux (Centos/Alma) Working knowledge in MS-Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, O365 and related technologies administration such as DHCP/DNS, SSL certificates, etc. Ability to troubleshoot MS office suite, printers, PCs, and servers. 
ScrapedJobID913:
Develop scalable and maintainable APIs using standards and best practices Document our APIs in the Swagger specification Implement API security best practices Implement an SDK on top of the crafted API Implement an integration middleware using the SDK Construct the platform by which these items can expand and be consumed Collaborate with team members on code quality and test quality standards Mentor and share best practices and standards across other engineers Assist the team in adopting and improving Agile Scrum processes with emphasis on building quality code Ensure code validity by including integration testing, end-to-end testing and user acceptance testing practices B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent preferred Hands on experience with integration frameworks and streaming platforms Proficient working knowledge in Python, Java or equivalent programming languages Able to learn new technologies willingly and quickly Experience with modern RESTful API design and best practices Familiarity with designing and creating Swagger specifications Understanding of microservice architectures Familiarity with cloud native technologies A great understanding of how all of the technologies fit together to construct a full application Great communication skills that invite welcoming discussions Excellent time management skills to deliver prompt and efficient requirements A breadth of experience by which you will be able to mentor other engineers Competitive salary and stock options Medical, dental, vision coverage for you and your family in many locations Ability to craft your schedule with flexible work arrangements and locations for many roles Generous holidays and vacation days each year Retirement plans Virtual weekly happy hours and catered brown bag lunches Monthly team programs and social events Annual innovation summits, hack-a-thons and top-performer recognition events 
ScrapedJobID914:
Own the SOC1/SOC2 programs and be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) for our compliance initiative Set direction for audit readiness, manage compliance programs and drive continuous improvement Maintain our internal procedure and documents to ensure compliancy Coordinate the overarching annual audit plan with external auditors to support delivery of both existing and new audits and certifications Plan and carry out periodic internal auditing of all processes, policies, procedures, and documentation to ensure full SOC compliancy within all departments Interface with auditors, articulating control implementation and impact, and establishing considerations for applying security and compliance concepts to a technical cloud environment Research and check for new regulations or compliance procedures and measuring its effectiveness matters for all Nakisa’s SaaS solutions Support delivery of audit milestones to ensure audit timelines stay on target by proactively identifying and coordination resolution of roadblocks, compliance risk Effectively communicate compliance program results, including assessment status, workflow, remediation, and reporting, to a broad audience including peers, senior leaders and Clients Collaborate with R&D and business stakeholders to drive, track, and resolve all aspects of compliance readiness and audit execution Own vulnerability tracking and mitigation path by engaging R&D team and update clients when needed Support sales teams with compliance and security enquiries during RFI and RFP cycles and attend meeting when needed with clients Carry out trainings to internal employees to raise the awareness of compliance and security, support training team with training content and materials Own and create documentations and materials that can be used by sales team to demonstrate our security and compliance measures A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Security or Computer Engineering. 2 to 5 years of experience in audit and/or compliance Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English Strong analytical and investigative skills Strong sense of teamwork, integrity, and self-motivation Demonstrated strength in working in a high change environment Effective team collaboration plus the ability to coach and mentor others CISA, CISSP or professional designation or the willingness to obtain Experience with Cloud norms and certifications (CSA, NIST) Experience in auditing technical controls and environments (e.g: AWS, ITGC, SOC 2) Opportunity to join a growing and fast-paced SaaS company with offices all over the world Chance to make a difference Work with Fortune 500 companies as customers Growth opportunities into more technical roles or management roles Opportunity to learn and expand your skillset Make wonderful friends and become part of the diverse and inclusive Nakisa family Work with a team of incredibly talented and forward-thinking people who value hard work and know-how to celebrate the wins – No matter small or big Amazing benefits & perks 
ScrapedJobID915:
Help develop a comprehensive automation test infrastructure. Develop automated scripts and frameworks for test and data management. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to develop automated test plans. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to understand functional requirements and troubleshoot discovered defects. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to ensure appropriate resolution and test coverage. Proactively identify and communicate risks and opportunities for improvement across all products and test frameworks. Select, train, and mentor Quality Assurance project resources. Maintain an open and continuous communication between the Quality Assurance team and the rest of the project and leadership team. Summarize and report the Quality Assurance activities that took place, from start to end, to the Quality Assurance, project, and leadership teams. Champion Quality Assurance at all stages of the project life cycle. Completion of a university or college degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or the equivalent, combined with extensive directly related experience in Quality Assurance. Formal Quality Assurance certification/designation from either ISTQB or IIST strongly preferred. Extensive knowledge of Quality Assurance as it relates to the information technology discipline. Intermediate-senior level experience in formal SDLC methodology and standards (e.g., Waterfall or Agile). Intermediate-senior level experience in Automation Testing with hands on experience one or more of the following tools: Selenium Web Driver, FitNesse, Ranorex, QTP/UFT, RFT, SOAP UI, Jenkins Considerable knowledge and experience in Quality Assurance management life cycle. Adept at planning own work activities and assisting in identifying Quality Assurance work items and tasks necessary for successful project completion. Experience and exposure to Test Management and Defect Management Tool. Ability to lead teams and work collaboratively in a project and team environment. Affable nature and outstanding skills as they relate to general interaction and collaboration with clients and other team members from the business and technical domains. Quick learner, attention to detail, superior analytical, problem solving, organizational, verbal, and written communication skills. Proficient with Microsoft Office tools (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel). Someone who shares our core values. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID916:
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Ethical Hacker¿(CEH) Certified information security systems practitioner (CISSP) Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python R Credit check Criminal record check Secret clearance Fast-paced environment Handling heavy loads Tight deadlines SQL MS Office Effective interpersonal skills Team player Values and ethics 
ScrapedJobID917:
Performing functional analyses/preparing files. Performing functional tests. Carrying out strategic planning for information systems. Implementing, reviewing and optimizing functional processes. Developing and modelling the functional architecture for a GIA ecosystem. Implementing IAM projects. Developing user guides and technical documents. Translating business requirements into technical objectives for development teams. Implementing company-wide solutions for analyzing data and producing reports and, therefore, analyzing data from internal and external sources and communicating the analysis results to submit recommendations to senior management. Building and maintaining excellent client relationships. At least 2-3 years of experience as a functional analyst (general analysis). At least 2-3 years of GIA experience. CERTIFIED IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGER (CIAM) ® certification is an asset. Practical change and quality management experience. Experience working in a complex environment. Ability to work on several projects simultaneously. Team player with good communication, problem-solving and leadership skills. Knowledge of key IAM market solutions (Sailpoint, Saviynt, Okta, etc). Excellent communication skills in English and French. The ability to work independently with minimal supervision as well as work effectively within a multidisciplinary team Highly driven, autonomous, resilient and team player with a strong work ethic Being proactive in determining priorities and managing multiple deadlines 
ScrapedJobID918:
People leadership Solutions Architecture Workshops Internal Financial Reporting of Project Posture Project Timeline Development and Execution Lead and grow Accenture AWS Security practice and capabilities as a part of the security leadership team. Responsible for leading and developing teams, mentoring junior members, enriching cloud assets and accelerators for the Canadian market Work closely with technology partners to onboard new service offerings and technology capabilities Working directly with clients and Accenture teams in a multi-disciplined team structure, designing and implementing cloud solutions across a variety of vendors Assisting Accenture Leadership in business development activities such as client proposals, thought leadership and participation at industry events Building knowledge capital through research and development and leveraging industry insights to deliver best of breed expertise to clients. Helping grow Accenture’s security practice across North America through thought leadership and entrepreneurialism Leading client engagements and providing subject matter expertise to clients and engagement teams Developing deep working relationships with senior executives across Accenture account teams and at clients. Responsible for large-scale delivery and managing complex digital transformational projects Oversee the design of cloud and microservices security architecture Ensuring that final design addresses identified threats and countermeasures during threat modeling Mix of security sales and delivery expertise in Cloud security with ability to cross sell into other security practice areas Minimum of 4+ years of experience in AWS cloud security, including designing and architecting solutions based on client requirements Experience in leading teams and managing projects Strong experience in AWS Cloud Security Architecture & Microservices Security (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty, AWS SecurityHub, Amazon Macie, Amazon Detective, Amazon Access Analyzer, Amazon Inspector, AWS WAF, AWS Network Firewall) Minimum 3 years working experience on infrastructure and microservices security assessments and/or architecture design, preferably for payment applications Minimum of 3 years of experience in consulting and implementation of AWS cloud solutions across various service areas/groups. Able to recommend and differentiate between cloud vendor offerings, with special emphasis on AWS Security native offerings and how they rank against market offerings. Strong ability to lay down a high-level cloud infrastructure security architecture, outlining logical and technical security architecture components Comfortable using M.S Visio to chart different types of diagrams. Strong presentation and public speaking skills. In possession of, or able to qualify for, Canadian security clearance required Minimum Bachelor’s degree (e.g., Computer Science, CIS/MIS, Engineering) Industry recognized professional Security certification preferred (CISSP, CISM) Demonstrated leadership, teamwork, and collaboration in professional setting; either military or civilian Project Management (Minimum 2+ years) Experience managing delivery of multiple projects with different deadlines effectively for customer facing environments/workloads (minimum +2 years) 
ScrapedJobID919:
Help develop the design and verification of SoCs; Duties may include RTL coding, verification, synthesis, timing closure, and documentation of various RTL blocks; Work with FPGA engineers to perform early prototyping; and/or Support test program development, chip validation, and chip life until production maturity. Collaboration with firmware, software, DV, FPGA, DFT, SoC integration, and backend teams throughout various stages of ASIC development. Knowledge of logic design, scripting languages (e.g., Perl, Python), revision control, and bug-tracking tools; Knowledge of scripting languages (e.g. Perl, Python), FPGA design, and/or embedded software tools (e.g. C, Assembly language, trace/debug); and Good writing and verbal communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID920:
GPS-based fleet management systems Collision avoidance safety systems Asset Health and predictive maintenance Optimized Smart Dispatch Autonomous trucks and specialized automation Analytics and BI Deliver technical solutions for improving overall quality and security of platform and product build, deployments, monitoring and alerting Design and implement Wenco's cloud-based source control, CI, builds and automated testing infrastructure security standards practices Research new technologies that will improve security, efficiency and effectiveness Analyze, design and evaluate automation scripts and systems Automate system monitoring processes Troubleshoot problems, maintain virtual environments and build processes Participate in managing cloud infrastructure and system administration, and work with teams to identify and repair issues on an as-needed basis Provide direct support during various operations such as deployment to production and non production environments Collaborate with developers and IT to ensure new environments meet requirements and conform to best practices Design, implement and test agreed-upon infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or relevant field with 3+ years of overall experience Minimum of 3-5 years of related work experience, working with local and remote engineering teams across multiple disciplines Software development background, more specifically in security, automated QA and DevOps space Experience with systems and IT operations Experience with automation/configuration management Experience with cybersecurity trends and practices Experience with security testing, vulnerability assessment and threat investigation and remediation A good understanding of open-source DevOps technologies and cloud services Experience in creating a CI/CD (continuous integration/deployment) pipeline Hands-on experience using industry standard DevOps tools (CI/CD, Terraform, Jenkins, Cucumber, Git, scripting, Chef, Puppet, Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) A good understanding of regulatory, compliance and audit standards especially SOC2 and ISO27001 Experience with Microsoft Azure and Azure DevOps is required(Experience with AWS is a plus) Experience with programming and scripting, with a preference for Python, Perl, bash, php etc. Prior experience in C++, C#.Net, C programming a plus Security certification is preferred Detail-oriented, with excellent analytical, technical and problem-solving skills Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to work on multiple assignments simultaneously Ability to learn, understand, and apply new technologies Highly self-motivated and directed Clear written and verbal communication in English, with ability to translate non-technical requests and requirements to a technical solution 
ScrapedJobID921:
Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Confer with clients to identify and document requirements 8 hour shift Langley, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) Proven: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID922:
Acting as a consultant across all aspects of DevSecOps engagements including processes, people, tools, data, experience and governance Designing and documenting processes, policies, standards, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and controls Documenting culture change, process and technology requirements to fulfill client needs Defining governance structure, roles and responsibilities and required reports/dashboards Working as member of tools-integration teams (e.g. Azure DevOps) to implement processes, controls and dashboards Providing trusted advice on how DevSecOps transformation and technology enablement can lead to improved performance, reduce risks and optimize investments Technology delivery and/or system support experience Understanding of waterfall and agile SDLC methodologies Experience using or configuring some of DevSecOps tools, such as Jira, Jenkins, GitHub, ServiceNow, Ansible, or similar Analytical skills with an ability/experience to work as a team member to perform assessment of current state, define target state and prepare roadmap to achieve the target state Ability to design and implement enablers that satisfy client’s requirements Some understanding/knowledge of agile (e.g. SAFe, Scrum) or ITIL services Ability to learn quickly and work independently A bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Systems Management, Engineering or similar discipline SAFe, Scrum, ITIL certification is plus Ability to work in a large cross-functional team environment A customer-focused approach to work, and the ability to translate often-complex requirements into strategic options The confidence to build lasting relationships and influence senior colleagues and clients from a wide range of backgrounds Analytical and self-starter Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID923:
Deliver industry and technical expertise in information security through client interactions, reports, technical work, management presentations and the creation of high quality deliverables Provision of client services including planning, budgeting, scheduling and coordinating engagements Facilitate collaboration with client engagement team prior to commencement of client work to discuss roles and responsibilities, risk areas, materiality and deadlines Identify ways to maximize the relationship with clients and deliver added value Maintain high quality control by reviewing work done from other team members for accuracy and completeness; provide feedback to team members Monitor project timelines against targets and adjust where necessary; advise clients of project status Network and take a leadership role in the local professional and business community while raising awareness of MNP and looking for new business development opportunities Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Assist in the development and training of team members towards professional and personal growth Possess a Bachelor’s Degree or diploma in IT, security or related field Possess CISSP, CISM, CISA and/or other related certifications (or working towards) Minimum three (3) year of experience in security Minimum five (5) years’ of experience in IT Understanding of IT security and governance frameworks (i.e.ISO 27001/2, NIST, CIS 20, COBIT, etc.) Understanding and experience in delivery of Security services (vulnerability assessments, TRA’s, cyber maturity assessments, cloud security, penetration testing, incident response/forensics, PCI, ) Understanding of Security and Privacy compliance (i.e. OSFI, Interac, PCI, PIPEDA, etc.) Experience with architecting, configuration and delivering technology-based controls Experience in business and practice development Security Clearance considered an asset Some travel required 
ScrapedJobID924:
SmartSimple is a remote-first workplace. We recognize the distinct advantages of workplace flexibility. SmartSimple’s headquarters are located in Toronto, Canada with our EMEA office based out of Dublin, Ireland. Employees will have the option of working from the office (when it is safe to do so) if they wish or they may work remotely from home. You’ll implement and operate tools designed to improve the security of the platform You’ll perform on-going security testing and code review to improve software security You’ll provide suggestions for new software solutions to help mitigate security vulnerabilities You’ll troubleshoot, debug, and remediate issues that arise You’ll contribute to building and conducting secure coding training for all developers You’ll maintain technical documentation You’ll develop a familiarity with new tools and best practices You’ll maintain professional relationships with internal and external clients and teams, participating in team meetings, code reviews and work closely with technical and non-technical teams. Other duties as assigned. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field 2-5 years of experience in software development. Strong interest or passion for development work in compliance, security and vulnerabilities Strong software development experience in Java Adequate knowledge of web related technologies (Web applications, Web Services and Service Oriented Architectures) and of network/web related protocols Strong problem solving and analytical skills and strong time management skills. Working knowledge of OWASP/Top 10 and CWE/SANS TOP 25 Most Dangerous Software Errors Analytical skills: Elicitation, Data Analysis, Logic, code development and design. HTML, Java, JavaScript, XML Knowledge of relevant software platforms (Windows and Linux environments preferred) Must be legally eligible to work in Canada You will be entering into a culture of inclusion, innovation and collaboration. We believe software is autobiographical – and we want you to be a part of our story. The first three months of your journey with SmartSimple will kick off with our Cara, (meaning friend in Irish!) and Mentor program - giving you the opportunity to network and learn from team members from all levels and areas of the organization. Your professional and personal development is prioritized – you’ll receive training opportunities to elevate your technical knowledge and skills, and your manager will provide ongoing feedback and regular 1-on-1s. You have tons of autonomy and responsibility giving you the freedom to approach your work in a unique way that breeds creativity and independent thought. Employee recognition is key and we promote and celebrate it - you do a good job, everyone will know about it! We provide competitive salary and benefits along with tuition, fitness and gaming reimbursements, and bespoke mindfulness/wellness initiatives. Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID925:
Manages multi-platform networks and infrastructure comprised of high-performance network storage and a large rendering/compute farm with thousands of users across multiple locations Improves and pushes DevOps, infrastructure-as-code, and CI/CD systems to the next level Strong Linux and Windows admin/engineering experience Comfortable writing tools or automation in scripting languages (e.g. Python, Bash, Powershell) Experience using configuration management tools such as Puppet, Salt, or Ansible Experience in using development tools such as git, Jenkins, Jira Excellent organizational and time management skills, strong attention to detail Experience managing large multi-platform environments - mixed Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments Experience with Chocolately, Glazier, or other open-source Windows deployment systems Proficiency with network design and protocols such as DNS, DHCP, VLANs, routing protocols, firewalls Experience managing high-performance network-attached storage environments Visual effects or other media vertical experience Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID926:

ScrapedJobID927:
Déterminer et administrer les exigences internes et externes en matière de sécurité de l’information et de protection de la vie privée tout au long du cycle de vie des projets et des biens; Gérer la conformité des fournisseurs; Répondre aux demandes d’information de tiers en matière de sécurité de l’information et de confidentialité; Mener des campagnes de formation et de sensibilisation; Créer et tenir à jour la documentation sur la conformité et les systèmes de gestion; Effectuer des audits internes (organiser la préparation de l’équipe, effectuer des entrevues, composer des rapports); Coordonner les audits externes; Élaborer et tenir à jour des dossiers, des mesures et des analyses; Communiquer des idées exploitables pour le leadership, en identifiant les possibilités d’amélioration, la valeur supplémentaire et l’avantage concurrentiel. Sécurité de l’information, cybersécurité, assurance de l’information, gestion des risques ou expérience de travail équivalente; Systèmes de gestion de la sécurité de l’information (ISO 27001 de préférence); Gestion du programme de protection de la vie privée; Vérification interne et externe; Excellente maîtrise des langues française/anglaise, à l’oral et à l’écrit (L’utilisation de l’anglais sera prédominante) Capacité à voyager fréquemment; Réussir une vérification préalable à l’emploi. Poste permanent à temps plein de jour. Possibilité de télétravail, formule hybride; Avantages sociaux; REER collectif; Lieu de travail à proximité des transports en commun; Nouveau siège social mondial en construction dans l’arrondissement de Saint-Laurent. Accessible en transport en commun, à vélo avec un magnifique Atrium, gym, cafétéria avec aménagement extérieur, bureau assis-debout, espaces de collaboration et ++. (Déménagement prévue cet Hiver) Entreprise internationale offrant plusieurs possibilités de carrière à long terme 
ScrapedJobID928:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Interface directly with Business Units to facilitate IT risk assessment and management processes and works with stakeholders throughout the enterprise on identifying acceptable levels of residual risk. Develop on-going technology risk reporting, monitoring key trends and defining metrics to regularly measure control effectiveness for own area. Assist with the Technology Risk reporting operations to senior business leaders, including scheduling key monthly meetings, monitoring key milestones, escalation of past due activities, problem triage and management, and archiving key monthly artifacts for audit purposes. Provide support and follow up on risk findings and action plans, ensuring the timely execution of the risk agenda and deliverables (including control documentation, entitlement reviews, audit findings, and associated remediation activities, Resiliency-Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity compliance). Participates in risk working groups to help promote and champion the operational risk agenda across the organization to enhance the overall risk culture throughout Technology and across the Firm. Provide support for reviewing technology initiatives with reputational risks and red flags identified during defined intake procedures. Adhere to internal policies and procedures, technology control standards, and applicable regulatory guidelines. Contribute to the review of internal processes and activities and assist in identifying potential opportunities for improvement. Adhere to, advise, oversee, monitor and enforce enterprise frameworks and methodologies that relate to technology controls / information security activities. Influence behavior to reduce risk and foster a strong technology risk management culture throughout the enterprise. Bachelor’s degree in a field related to Information Technology, Business or Risk Management 5 years of information security, risk management or related experience Certifications in one or more of the following: ISACA Certification (CISA, CRISC, CISM, CGEIT); PMI Certification (CAPM, PMP, etc.); ISC2 Certification (CISSP, SSCP, etc.); ITIL Certification (Foundation, Practitioner (General), Service Manager, Practitioner (Specialist) Strong written and verbal communication skills to a tailored audience Interpersonal, influencing and negotiation skills with the ability to work effectively with all levels of the organization Critical thinker with strong problem-solving skills and organizational skills, with the ability to multi-task and define problems / identify risk Aptitude for technology and strong understanding of technology concepts and terminology; experience in software development, technology infrastructure, risk analysis or audit reporting Understanding of risk assessment methodologies (e.g. RCSA), internal controls and controls testing (e.g. SOX), and industry technology risk management frameworks, as well as familiarity with SDLC and Project Management methodologies Strong analytical and data analysis skills Familiar with industry standards, best practices and regulatory expectations in respect to technology and IT risk management Knowledge of Technology and/or Information Security policies and procedures Knowledge and direct experience with Resiliency-Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity compliance A course of study that included risk management frameworks and methodologies, identifying and modeling information security risks, qualitative and quantitative risk assessment methods, risk controls and mitigation, and/or business impact analysis Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID929:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Interface directly with Business Units to facilitate IT risk assessment and management processes and works with stakeholders throughout the enterprise on identifying acceptable levels of residual risk. Develop on-going technology risk reporting, monitoring key trends and defining metrics to regularly measure control effectiveness for own area. Assist with the Technology Risk reporting operations to senior business leaders, including scheduling key monthly meetings, monitoring key milestones, escalation of past due activities, problem triage and management, and archiving key monthly artifacts for audit purposes. Provide support and follow up on risk findings and action plans, ensuring the timely execution of the risk agenda and deliverables (including control documentation, entitlement reviews, audit findings, and associated remediation activities, Resiliency-Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity compliance). Participates in risk working groups to help promote and champion the operational risk agenda across the organization to enhance the overall risk culture throughout Technology and across the Firm. Provide support for reviewing technology initiatives with reputational risks and red flags identified during defined intake procedures. Adhere to internal policies and procedures, technology control standards, and applicable regulatory guidelines. Contribute to the review of internal processes and activities and assist in identifying potential opportunities for improvement. Adhere to, advise, oversee, monitor and enforce enterprise frameworks and methodologies that relate to technology controls / information security activities. Influence behavior to reduce risk and foster a strong technology risk management culture throughout the enterprise. Bachelor’s degree in a field related to Information Technology, Business or Risk Management 5 years of information security, risk management or related experience Certifications in one or more of the following: ISACA Certification (CISA, CRISC, CISM, CGEIT); PMI Certification (CAPM, PMP, etc.); ISC2 Certification (CISSP, SSCP, etc.); ITIL Certification (Foundation, Practitioner (General), Service Manager, Practitioner (Specialist) Strong written and verbal communication skills to a tailored audience Interpersonal, influencing and negotiation skills with the ability to work effectively with all levels of the organization Critical thinker with strong problem-solving skills and organizational skills, with the ability to multi-task and define problems / identify risk Aptitude for technology and strong understanding of technology concepts and terminology; experience in software development, technology infrastructure, risk analysis or audit reporting Understanding of risk assessment methodologies (e.g. RCSA), internal controls and controls testing (e.g. SOX), and industry technology risk management frameworks, as well as familiarity with SDLC and Project Management methodologies Strong analytical and data analysis skills Familiar with industry standards, best practices and regulatory expectations in respect to technology and IT risk management Knowledge of Technology and/or Information Security policies and procedures Knowledge and direct experience with Resiliency-Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity compliance A course of study that included risk management frameworks and methodologies, identifying and modeling information security risks, qualitative and quantitative risk assessment methods, risk controls and mitigation, and/or business impact analysis Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID930:
Be well organized in your work methods and follow-up Establish collaborative relationships with various internal and external stakeholders Review systems and work processes in order to improve them and ensure their profitability and stability Interact with managers/employees to provide advisory support and ensure understanding Completion of a three year professional college degree or academic equivalent, related to the business area, and five years of relevant experience Ensure compliance with cross-functional change, incident and problem processes Basic knowledge of IT infrastructure Knowledge of architecture principles Knowledge of ITIL processes Good communicator Leadership and initiative (scrum master skills) Knowledge of agile methodologies such as Safe or others Advanced knowledge of Office tools Autonomous Ability to work in a team Bilingual (spoken/written) French and English Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and family assistance program Preferred banking services Volunteer program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID931:
Lead team responsible for advancing Data Protection, through data discovery/scanning, test data management, in line protection; identifying gaps and opportunities, reporting progress Ownership of the Data Security controls (Encryption, Tokenization, etc.) Advocate and advance Data Security and act as IT SME, for Data Protection, providing guidance for IT teams Track and report on various data security objectives within IT; prepare monthly progress reports to IT leadership Generate or update existing Business documentation Embrace adhoc requests, such as investigative and gap analysis, supporting IT Data Security programs & initiatives Minimum of 5 years in an IT, Information Security or Network Architecture or Delivery role Strong knowledge of Data Encryption theory and practical experience Database administration with a focus on encryption Excellent analytical skills, able to manage multiple requirements under strict timelines, work well in a demanding dynamic environment Program Management experience Excellent verbal and written skills Critical thinker with the ability to identify potential areas of opportunities and be able to accurately identify and document issues Excellent communication, presentation and relationship skills, especially the ability to partner and build consensus among various teams High degree of initiative, dependability and ability to work with a diverse workforce Ability to work independently with limited supervision Post-Secondary education in Information Technology-related field, or equivalent work experience. Professional security management certification, such as a Certified Information Security Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or other similar credentials CIPP (Certified Information Privacy Professional) Experience with Software Development Lifecycle, including Agile processes and Secrets management 
ScrapedJobID932:
Manage full adversary simulation engagements from conception to report delivery. Communicate effectively with team members and clients during the engagement. Keeping current with the latest offensive security techniques. Perform adversary simulation of real-world adversary Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs) by leveraging frameworks such as MITRE ATT&CK™ and other sources of information. Develop payloads, scripts and tools that weaponize new concepts for exploitation, evasion, and lateral movement. Engage in an active evasion of defenders to avoid detection and progress engagements. Coordinate with other Red Team operators to achieve the specified goals. Deliver reporting and debriefs to defenders in manner that improves detection and response capabilities. Perform/present technical security research. English fluent (verbal and written) Must be a Canadian Citizen or Canadian Permanent Resident Ability to develop/modify exploits and payloads to avoid defensive countermeasures. Red teaming experience in a dedicated red team role. System administration, network administration, or programming experience. Understanding of real-world adversary operations methodologies, tactics, techniques, and procedures. In particular, the ability to apply frameworks (eg. MITRE ATT&CK™) in client engagements. Demonstrated history of published exploitation research. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Good interpersonal, organizational, communications, and time management skills. Experience coordinating security testing projects with multiple consultants. History of presenting at security conferences. Track record in vulnerability research and CVE assignments. Knowledge of Windows APIs. Knowledge of EDR detection capabilities such as Carbon Black/Crowdstrike, etc. and associated evasion techniques for behavioral based alerting. Demonstrated exploit, payload, or attack framework development experience. Expert level skills in one of the following: Active Directory, Software Development, or Cloud Infrastructure. Relevant certifications from organizations like Offensive Security (OSCP/OSCE), SANS (GPEN, GXPN, GWAPT), or CREST CSAT/CSAM or demonstrable equivalent skills. Prior security consulting experience. 
ScrapedJobID933:
Developing and maintaining project plans for your portfolio including; scope statements, schedules, communication plans, goals and milestones, deliverables and deadlines. Critically evaluating information gathered from multiple sources, reconciling conflicts, and deconstructing high- level information into details Tracking project stages and ensuring any roadblocks to completion are mitigated or escalated. Completing project coordination tasks required to initiate, organize, and close projects in your portfolio. Providing regular project documentation tracking, reporting, and follow up to both internal and external customers. Delivering elements of systems design, including data migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed deliverables. Managing changes to the original scope through change order requests where required. Facilitating and ensuring a steady flow of communication to and from team members, stakeholders, internal clients, steering committee, updating them on the projects' progress following the governance established. Defining business process and workflow models. Identifying issues and proposing resolutions, escalating to appropriate personnel as needed. Creating, analyzing, and validating detailed functional specifications. Designing, documenting and maintaining system processes for review to internal and external stakeholders. 5+ years of experience as a Project Manager or Business Analyst PMP certification or Agile certification is preferred An understanding of Change Management practices and experience in applying Change. Management within a project environment would be considered an asset. Excellent relationship and team building skills. Ability to travel or willingness to work in multiple potential locations would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID934:
You will contribute to the application and platform support of the EDW ecosystem through the solution and test strategy design, development, testing and implementation of availability, performance, security, currency, and problem remediation solutions. You will partner with the Product Owner, Engineering teams, and Operations to deliver a high-quality product by recommending, creating, developing, and testing solutions for that are aligned with best practices within the SRE framework. You will be a technical lead of like-minded Data Engineers, prioritizing their focus areas, reviewing their solutions and providing feedback as required. You will maintain and recommend continuous improvements to code quality, documentation, organization, and performance meeting security, change, and release management standards ensuring SRE targets are met or improved. You will identify opportunities, recommend, and implement solutions to improve data availability, optimize data retention, and enhance data security. You will identify opportunities for quality improvements recommending and implementing automation to prevent problem recurrence and reduce toil. You will create and continuously improve functional and non-functional testing ensuring tests are automated, repeatable, and benchmarked. You will inventory, build and maintain application artifacts creating a robust repository of living documentation including application, deployment and operational guides. You will provide knowledgeable, and skilled support for deployments and lead production incident response, striving to meet or exceed service level objectives. You will provide after-hours support as required. You are a skilled application data engineer who possesses a broad set of skills and is familiar with SRE software engineering culture and practice. You enjoy creating solutions that encompass people, process, and technology. You enjoy looking for opportunities to be proactive, automate, and solve problems before they happen. You want to be challenged with problem solving in time sensitive situations to reduce system downtime and customer impact, taking those learnings forward as continuous improvements. You have strong communication (verbal/written) and good interpersonal skills to build relationships with internal and external business partners and vendors. You have a track record as a strong team player with a proven ability to create technical specifications, develop, and implement solutions for highly available and resilient systems. You have at least 4+ years of hands-on technical working experience in designing solutions and authoring technical specifications. You have at least 6+ years of hands-on technical working experience as an Application Data Engineer in and/or delivering for organization(s) that have large, complex data warehouse(s). You have at least 6+ years of hands-on technical working experience as an Informatica developer. Technical working experience with SAS, Python, Cobol and Cognos is an asset. You have at least 4+ years of hands-on technical working experience in designing test strategies and quality assurance testing. You can demonstrate a technical understanding with security, firewalls, and network protocols. You can demonstrate a solid understanding of data governance. You possess excellent problem-solving skills, prefer to identify and resolve issues before they become a problem, and can work under pressure in a dynamic environment. You have hands-on experience responding to production incidents that cross application and technology boundaries. You have completed a post-secondary education in computer science, engineering or in a related technology field. You will be a part of a Site Reliability Engineering team that will help you grow & you will have an opportunity to bring valuable and long-lasting contributions to the bank. We are technology partners who help the business transform how our employees around the world work. You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We also foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We care about our people, allowing them to design how they work to deliver amazing results. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID935:
Manage multiple projects at the same time Manage the entire lifecycle of assigned projects from initiation to closure Manage Managed Security Service Onboarding engagements Establish a plan for assigned projects, including management of tasks, deliverables, risks, resources, and issues Conduct project stakeholder meetings to solicit feedback, and set expectations Ensure project budgets and financials are forecasted and managed in a timely manner Escalate project issues or concerns to key internal and customer stakeholders Produce regular reports on the progress of projects and metrics Provide customer service, including interacting with customers, answering customer enquiries, and effectively handling customer escalations Adhere to Herjavec Group’s established project management methodologies 3-5 years’ work experience in Project Management for a technology company Experience with Managed Security Services Onboarding CAPM or PMP certification considered an asset Consultative approach to project management and customer service Strong leadership and motivational skills Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to write and edit clear and concise reports, meeting minutes, and documentation Superior organizational and data entry skills and the ability to manage numerous complex projects in parallel An interest in, and comfort with, technical concepts related to network and information security 5+ years’ experience with Managed Security Service onboarding CISSP or CISM certification SOC or SIEM implementation experience 
ScrapedJobID936:
Working closely with colleagues and end-users to ensure the solution meets business requirements and is delivered in a timely manner. Troubleshoot and provide solutions to end user requests or problems submitted by phone, email, or chat. Troubleshoot and provide solutions to software and hardware faults. Perform systems, network, and application administration as well as support functions. Participate in and lead IT projects spanning multiple sites. Provide tier II/III technical support and serve as top escalation point for critical and/or challenging systems issues. Triage and assign advanced problems or requests to the proper channels. Perform post solution follow up to ensure end user satisfaction. Write knowledgebase articles to document new solutions. Support the Group IT team on other projects as needed. Provide regular communication with local management on IT initiatives and projects. Ability to manage local IT needs with wider regional/global needs. Be able to work well as part of a team but also unsupervised. Demonstrate project management abilities and aptitude with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Provide mentorship to junior system administrators and supporting team members. Contributes to building a positive team spirit; balancing individual and site responsibilities Provides support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of IT systems. Assist Ultra IT leadership and team members in identifying, implementing and championing process improvements. Carry out any other duties as reasonably required. Bachelor’s Degree with 5+ years’ experience or Associates Degree with 7+ years of experience or High School Diploma (or equivalent) with 9+ years of experience At least 5-7 years of Microsoft Active Directory and Windows Server administration experience. At least 5-7 years of Windows Security Policy and Group Policy experience. At least 5 years of experience installing, maintaining, and supporting hardware and software in a Microsoft Windows environment. At least 5-7 years of network administration and/or support experience. At least 5-7 years of VMware administration experience. At least 5-7 years of Storage Area Network (SAN) administration experience. Ability to convey risks and propose mitigation strategies to technical and business audiences. Exhibits objectivity and openness; able to manage conflict effectively. Reacts well under pressure, treats others with respect and consideration. Experience with M365 administration Experience with certifying compliance and auditing the security aspects of various operating systems within Windows. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and demonstrated ability to interface effectively with multiple faculty and staff on issues within the area of sponsored research in a cooperative, responsible manner. Experience with development and delivery of Information Assurance (IA) related briefings and training material. Experience with Microsoft Exchange and the Microsoft Office product suite. MCSE, MCSA, MCITP, MCTS and related Microsoft Certification a plus. CISSP, CompTIA Security+, CCNA, CCNP and related IT security and/or network certifications a plus. Experience with installing and managing enterprise applications. Experience with Microsoft SharePoint intranet administration. Cisco switching, routing, ASA firewalls and VPN experience. Video conferencing and VoIP phone system administration. Ability to adapt to ongoing changes in technology and in a mixed environment with a variety of systems. Ability to quickly get up to speed on new solutions or situations and to disseminate information gathered to others as needed. Enjoys working at speed, when necessary but also able to plan and consider options. Ability to mentor, coach, train junior IT staff. Ability to be the critical voice among local teams, supporting cross-functional collaboration through the IT Team. 
ScrapedJobID937:
Research, design, implement and support enterprise network solutions and products Work closely with various teams to identify, troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve network software and hardware related issues as they arise Collaborate with various teams to identify opportunities for improved service, efficiency, security, resiliency and automation Contribute to the backup/recovery of F5 Big-IPs, routers, switches and firewalls Contribute to the security of network and data resources Create and maintain network topology diagrams and other technical documentation Clearly communicate and present technical information to both technical and non-technical groups Work with vendors and resellers to purchase new hardware and software as well as ensure support renewals are kept up-to-date Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in a Network Specialist capacity CCNA/CCNP required Experience with enterprise network architecture planning, design, and implementation Hands-on experience configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and supporting firewalls (Fortinet and Cisco) Hands-on experience configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and supporting routers and switches (IOS and NX-OS) Strong experience configuring and managing F5 Big-IPs (LTM, APM, iRules) Strong experience performing major network changes in a high-availability production environment Experience with SNMP and network monitoring tools Experience with device configuration backup tools Strong oral and written communication skills Highly motivated self-starter with a logical approach to problem-solving and attention to detail Proficient in balancing and prioritizing ongoing projects and tasks in conjunction with managing daily operational issues and requests Ability to work collaboratively in a team as well as independently in an effective and organized manner within a complex and fast-paced environment Ability to take on internal operational initiatives as the owner and coordinator for projects and large-scale items A positive attitude for continuous learning and the ability to stay focused under pressure Masters degree in network-related field Other relevant industry certifications such as CCIE, cloud and Microsoft certifications Knowledge of IPSec VPN implementation, operation and troubleshooting Experience with IDS/IPS solutions Knowledge of logging and SIEM tools Experience with AWS/Azure cloud environments Experience with Meraki firewalls, switches and wireless access points 
ScrapedJobID938:
Perform complex penetration testing projects in the realms of red teams, network penetration testing (external & internal), reverse engineering, web/mobile application penetration testing, source code review, etc. Execute penetration testing projects according to internal testing methodology, tools, and processes Document technical issues identified during security assessments to articulate the risk to the client, as well as provide tailored recommendations for remediation. Perform vulnerability research and exploit development Assist with internal business operations such as service line development, process improvements, and recruiting new penetration testing talent 2+ years of experience with penetration testing against web/mobile applications, above and beyond running automated tools. 2+ years of experience with network/infrastructure penetration testing. Development and/or source code review experience in Java, C#, C/C++, PHP, Ruby, Python, Go, Swift, Objective C/C++, Kotlin, etc. Familiarity with application layer assessment tools, such as Burp Suite and other fuzzers/proxies. A good understanding of Unix, Windows and network security skills. Ability to work both independently and perform as a leader in a team environment. Ability to work remotely as part of a distributed team and travel to client sites when required. - **Current travel is HIGHLY limited due to COVID-19** Excellent communication skills in English (both written and oral); able to concisely communicate security risks to both technical and business audiences. Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related major. Reputable security certifications, including: OSCP, OSCE, OSWE, OSEE, OSWP, GPEN, GXPN, CMWAPT Experience working as a consultant at a reputable penetration testing company. Experience working as part of an enterprise development team. Experience developing custom scripts or tools used for vulnerability scanning and identification. Experience with performing red team assessments Experience with exploit development and reverse engineering Experience with client/server thick client penetration testing. Solid understanding of cryptography fundamentals. Produced public facing research and/or delivered presentations at well known industry security conferences. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of industry experience. 
ScrapedJobID939:
Performing analysis of network security needs that contribute to the design, integration, and installation of hardware and software; Implementation of infrastructure security hardware and software with a focus on network segmentation and inspection of traffic; Analysis, troubleshooting and development of solutions to network problems; Administering perimeter security systems such as firewalls and intrusion detection systems; Lead a team of people to deliver client value through high quality project delivery and pre-sales activities; Participate in infrastructure and application project teams providing consultation on information security designs; Review and define requirements for information security solutions; Integration with corporate WAN, LAN and server architectures and other security programs; Travel as required (can be up to 100% at times) Identifies, assesses and solves complex business problems for area of responsibility, where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Closely follows the strategic direction set by senior management when establishing near term goals. Interacts with senior management at a client and/or within Accenture on matters where they may need to gain acceptance on an alternate approach. Has some latitude in decision-making. Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new assignments. Decisions have a major day to day impact on area of responsibility. Manages large - medium sized teams and/or work efforts at a client or within Accenture. Play a leadership role in a key go to market pillar within the Infrastructure Security Practice Work collaboratively with senior management to grow the capacity and capabilities of the Infrastructure Security Practice Minimum of 4 years of security consulting experience; Minimum of 8 years of experience in network security design and operations, and network administration; Must have a strong technical knowledge of network security controls relating to IPS/IDS systems, security monitoring, vulnerability management, network segmentation and firewall technologies (Palo Alto, Cisco, Fortinet); Minimum of 4 years hands on experience implementing firewall solutions (Palo Alto, Cisco, Fortinet) for large Canadian or multi-national companies; Minimum of 2 years of experience with Platform Security (UNIX/Windows); Minimum 1 year of network packet capture and interpretation experience; Must be experienced leading projects; managing resources, timelines, ensuring quality and tracking budgets; Have a deep intellectual capacity and relevant experience to develop creative and breakthrough solutions; Possess strong analytical skills and have the ability to understand complex issues with the ability to quickly absorb information and deploy conceptual and creative problem solving; Have a successful track record in sales origination with an entrepreneurial mind-set; demonstrated ability to lead multi-disciplinary teams to shape, sell, communicate, and implement security strategy engagements. Demonstrate first class written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate complex problems and solutions in a simple, logical and impactful manner. Own and develop our offerings and assets. Be a natural leader with the ability to easily establish trust-based relationships; skilled in gaining valuable insights through collaboration and communication. Be experienced leading, mentoring and developing our people. Possess drive, determination and optimism with proven ability to adapt and remove obstacles to achieve results. Demonstrated leadership in professional setting; either military or civilian; Demonstrated teamwork and collaboration in a professional setting; either military or civilian; Have extensive experience in Microsoft Office product suite; Minimum Bachelor’s degree Vendor certifications (Palo Alto, Cisco, Fortinet); Industry recognized Professional Security certification (e.g. CISSP) Experience working for the Big 4 or Global SI is required Knowledge of cyber defense vendors and product capabilities In possession of, or able to qualify for, Canadian security clearance strongly preferred Ability to travel 80-100% Ability to lead and manage dynamic multi-region teams Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment Good communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills Good organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skills Demonstrated leadership, teamwork and collaboration in professional setting; either military or civilian 
ScrapedJobID940:
Work Location: Open to cities across Canada MUST currently be living in Canada Must be eligible for an enhanced level security clearance ( i.e. minimum of 5 years residing in Canada) Participate as a cybersecurity consultant as part of larger capability deployment team to define, address and validate the fulfilment of security measures intended to fulfil the client’s security requirements; Assess client enterprise environments, systems, policies, governance and procedures to identify gaps and variances from recognized cybersecurity best practices and provide sound recommendations for remediation; Alone or as part of a team, develop security and risk related documentation to establish or improve the client’s cybersecurity program; Conduct the full span of security accreditation and authorization activities to allow clients to implement trusted operations on environments, systems and services within a balanced and managed level of acceptable risk; and Create and deliver presentations and/or discuss technical options and solutions with clients, inspiring confidence and forming strong trusted relationships between CGI and our clients. Conduct security risk and compliance assessments of client enterprise systems and environments to determine cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks; Develop security test plans, test cases, gather and validate test results against compliance requirements; Conduct required information gathering through interviews, workshops, questionnaires and documentary evidence; Provide cybersecurity analysis of information gathered to identify vulnerabilities, risks and compliance gaps; Provide recommendations to reduce residual risks to levels that are prudent and acceptable to the client; Either alone, or as part of a team, conduct IT certification assessments to meet requirements outlined in security standards and achieve accreditation and/or Authority To Operate, including Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A) activities under the ITSG-33 methodology; Create tailored cybersecurity governance frameworks, policies, standards, training and compliance assurance documentation in support of the client’s cybersecurity program; and Create reports and presentations of a high standard, demonstrating excellent communications skills in English (mandatory) and French (desirable). Minimum six years of directly relevant cybersecurity risk management experience; Sound objective knowledge of security topologies, network security best practices and the application of suitable security safeguards; A sound knowledge of security monitoring and response capabilities in conventional, Cloud and hybrid environments; A strong understanding and experience with common security standards and frameworks, including but not limited to NIST SP 800-53, ISO 27001/2, PCI, GDPR, SCADA, SWIFT, etc; Sound knowledge of Government of Canada security guidelines and standards, including but not limited to ITSG-33 and the technical control requirements of the Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A) process; Experience working with proposals and RFP submissions, including estimating effort, cost and schedules Demonstrated ability for analytical thinking and self-directed research in cybersecurity topics; Ability to obtain a Government of Canada security clearance to Reliability status (Level II – Secret preferred); A strong ability to collaborate and be part be part of an effective team; and Ability to speak, write and communicate clearly and effectively in fluent English. Effective written and verbal communication skill in French; Training and certification in Cloud environments, especially those related to Cloud governance and security; and The ability to obtain a Government of Canada Secret (Level II) security clearance. Compliance 
ScrapedJobID941:
Becoming an expert in cyber security and the development of robust secure software. As part of a scrum team, you will design and deliver features to the market. Working on technologies that save lives, secure property, and make the world a safer place. Learning a variety of technology stacks to solve complex problems. Working with a variety of developers to address a diverse collection of market applications. Learning, growing, and contributing as part of an autonomous team. A degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical discipline. Demonstrated C++ design and programming ability. Strong knowledge of real-time, multithreaded operating systems, applications and concepts. Knowledge of IP networking applications and concepts. Experience using C++ v11/v14 in a Windows or Linux Environment. Experience in network/cyber security or enterprise-type features. Experience with data privacy standards and concepts; FIPS, GDPR, as well as other privacy, encryption and cyber security standard A desire to learn, grow, and contribute. Are self-motivated and take the initiative to get things done. Have demonstrated a strong desire to innovate. Have earned a high level of trust from past employers and colleagues. Have excellent verbal and written communications skills. Are unafraid to try. Have a demonstrated, pragmatic, approach to problem solving. Do their best work as part of a team. Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical discipline. 
ScrapedJobID942:
Is part of a team of highly skilled Digital Evidence professionals who conduct complex and sensitive investigations, across North America. Applies sound methodologies to collect, preserve, and analyze digital evidence. Stays abreast on the emerging technology threat landscape across the globe.  Works with Global Security & Investigations (GSI), IT Security, Legal, Human Resources, Privacy, Risk, and external law enforcement, as necessary, to forensically collect and analyze digital evidence and conduct cyber investigations. Researches, evaluates, develops, tests and applies new methodologies for analyzing digital evidence to reduce the risk of exposure to TD Bank. Supports / develops procedures and standards and delivers advice, direction and education to TD management and staff. Knowledge of all aspects of the computer including hard drives, networking, and encryption Knowledge of various versions of Windows, Linux platforms and Microsoft Office Knowledge of network protocols, TCP/IP fundamentals and Network commands Familiarity with security tools such as Anti-Virus, Firewall systems and Data Loss Prevention tools Knowledge of phishing, malware and other cyber threats Ability to read through scripts/logs Experience with programming/scripting languages is an asset Knowledge of operational information security disciplines is an asset (e.g., incident response, security infrastructure management or monitoring services) Knowledge of Encase, FTK, or other computer forensic tools is an asset Knowledge of Splunk, Crowdstrike and E-discovery tools is an asset Experience analyzing data / information to understand actions taken and assess risk Knowledge of proper forensic procedures for data collection and documentation is an asset Knowledge of procedures in the care, handling, and protection of data including “Chain of Custody” is an asset Knowledge of investigations and criminal and regulatory legislation, regulation, procedures, and guidelines, is an asset Strong analytical perspective and ability to "think outside of the box" Excellent communication skills (written and spoken). Ability to work through urgent investigations with time sensitive deadlines Ability to interpret Digital Evidence matters in a way that is understandable to non-technical people A strong desire to learn and maintain knowledge of industry trends and emerging threats University degree or college diploma from a recognized Institute of Technology or University program in an appropriate specialty such as Computing Science, or a related field. Professional designation (or working towards the designation) in the following would be an asset: EnCE (Encase Certified Examiner), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), and/or, Certified Information Security Manager (CISM). Relevant experience with a corporate or government investigative and/or intelligence department within an organization of comparable size and complexity to TD would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID943:
Collaborate with your team on projects and engagements, assisting with various tasks and deliverables for these engagements Deliver on project timelines, schedules and time allocation Collaborate on security awareness programs, establish education plan, determine, customize and launch phishing campaigns. Collaborate on security awareness training sessions Liaise with multiple internal cross-functional teams across various business lines to collaborate and gain insights, knowledge and exposure Help the team setting up SOWs, scoping client needs and improve delivery processes Participate to pre sales calls and meetings with team and client You are fluently bilingual in reading, writing and speaking both French and English You hold a university degree in a related field You have 1+ years of practical cybersecurity experience You are passionate about security awareness You have great communication skills, both in French and English Knowledge of these security frameworks could be an asset: NIST Cyber Security Framework, IS0 27001, CIS Top 20, PCI, etc. 
ScrapedJobID944:
Contacting system owners for assigned systems to gather relevant background material about the system/application and setting up interviews for information gathering. Conducting remote/in-person interviews with system owners to get all the required information for assessment and to identify any gaps. Reviewing system-related material including specifications, diagrams, requirements, and test plans to ensure security-related standards are followed. Reviewing results with system owners and Senior Security Architecture Analysts, as needed. - Conducting security assessments using available documentation. Creating comprehensive security architecture assessment reports that clearly identify root-cause and remediation strategies. Developing and establishing global security standards and processes. Evaluating new and emerging products and technologies while making recommendations concerning the introduction of new technologies 1 year of experience in Security Architecture Assessment. Bachelor's degree in Information Systems Security or Computer Science Minimum of one professional certification amongst CISSP, SSCP, and CISM with good standing will be an added advantage. Excellent verbal and written communications skills, including presentations to clients and senior technical resources. Ability to manage expectations and handle high-pressure situations with tight deadlines. Experience in an information security (application and/or infrastructure) role in an enterprise environment. Ability to explain common application vulnerabilities and remediation strategies to developers. Ability to explain technology risks; including XSS, CSRF, Injection attacks introduced by application vulnerabilities to a system's Business Owner. Ability to quickly adapt to changing priorities and demands. Excellent security knowledge (access control) of one or more applicable security technologies or platforms including SSO (Single Sign-On) technologies like SAML2.0 and Kerberos. Excellent knowledge of information security processes, response procedures, and various attack methods used for information theft or network intrusion. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent knowledge of network technologies as they pertain to communications, computer system environments, and related infrastructures. Excellent research ability and knowledge update on the security trends and attacks, following OWASP top 10 security understanding. 
ScrapedJobID945:
Facilitate internal and external IT audits, acting as liaison for external auditors and relevant KUBRA teams while maintaining compliance. Audits that you will be responsible for facilitating as an IT Risk Analyst include: SOX, SSAE 16, PCI-DSS audits and client audits Internal controls testing of active Employee Logical Access, Security Access Level groups, File Integrity Monitoring, etc. Manage the physical access process and system for employees and contractors alike. This includes issuing / revoking access; changing access levels on existing cards; printing and issuing photo badges for new hires and on a yearly basis for existing employees; maintaining and validating compliance of this process in accordance with current policies and procedures. Act as the first point of response for client RFP and Security questionnaires. Write Incident Reports (IRs) for the security department As an IT Risk Analyst, you will also be responsible for participating in security risk assessments, as assigned; writing Incident Reports (IRs); Monitoring the security case queue and distributing new cases/requests to the appropriate resource; and other related duties as assigned Since you’ll be working with sensitive and confidential information day-in-day-out, we’re looking for someone with a high level of integrity and discretion An excellent communicator and team player — you’re able to effectively communicate and foster strong working relationships with all levels of staff within the organization as well as external contacts Someone with meticulous attention to detail and organizational skills that are second-to-none Self-motivated – you take initiative and work proactively with minimal supervision Resilient in stressful situations – you have the ability to exercise judgement when dealing with problems or issues that may arise and have the ability to plan, research, and provide creative solutions Minimum 2 years of experience working in an IT Risk or Compliance Analyst role A conceptual understanding of general IT controls and the Systems Development Life Cycle A Degree or Diploma in Business Administration or a related field The following certifications are highly preferred, but not required: CISA, CRISC, COBIT A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID946:
leading the response and escalation of events that have been identified through various sources and security technologies and controls as well as our internal Help Desk notifications of security type events, Investigate data loss type incidents, network intrusion incidents as well as endpoint malware infections including Ransomware type attacks, managing response to alerts from various monitoring systems and platforms to address potentially malicious events in a timely manner. developing Threat Models; conducting application risk profiles; and maturing ivari’s secure coding framework. 7+ years of broad Cyber Security Experience, of which minimum 3 years as a Senior Security Analyst or similar role. Strong knowledge and hands-on experience of AD (Active Directory), OU (Organizational Units), GPO (Group Policy Object), MFA (Multi-factor Authentication), ADFS (Active Directory Federated Services), Azure ADFS, Azure AD and other cloud services, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Defender including MDI (Microsoft Defender for Identity), MDE (Microsoft Defender for Endpoint), MCAS (Microsoft Cloud App Security), EOP (Exchange Online Protection), Windows as Service, popular Operating Systems (Windows, Solaris, Linux, Mac OS); TCP/IP, DNS (Domain Name System), DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol), 802.1x, WiFi, firewall, proxy, VPN (Virtual Private Network), MDM (Mobile Device Management), MAM (Mobile App Management), SPF (Sender Policy Framework), DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail), DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication); PKI (Public Key Infrastructure), HSM (Hardware Security Module), Digital Certificate, SSL/TLS (Secure Sockets Layer / Transport Layer Security), SSH (Secure Shell), current encryption technologies; SEIM (Security Event and Incident Management), audit log, incident response and investigations, PAM (Privileged Access management), policy-based PAM managing administrative accounts to servers, services and endpoints, password vault, FIM (File Integrity Monitoring), change management; IDS/IPS (Intrusion Detection System / Intrusion Prevention System), End Point Protection, EDR (Endpoint Detection and Response), securing IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service), PaaS (Platform as a Service), SaaS (Software as a Service); Knowledge of SAST, DAST and IAST solutions, and Microsoft Azure DevSecOps frameworks Ability to assist development teams throughout the lifecycle with secure coding, with a strong knowledge of both the OWASP Top 10 and OWASP API Top 10 vulnerabilities and associated remediations Identifying vulnerable systems and prioritizing remediation plans with system owners Conducting research of emerging security threats and monitor 3rd party Cyber Security Advisories for latest vulnerabilities discovered and work with internal units to address applicable advisories Managing intrusion detection/prevention systems and advanced threat protection technologies – maintain continuous monitoring of network and end point activities System hardening with accumulated good experience implementing CIS Benchmarks and / or NIST CSF Executing Threat Modelling and Risk Assessments to critical projects and on a need basis. Certifications desired are: CISSP, CCSP, GIAC Forensics, CRISC, CEH, CISM, Security+ are all assets but not mandatory. High level of personal integrity, as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters, and show an appropriate level of judgment and maturity Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to effectively communicate and interpret infrastructure and data security, as well as risk remediation concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences Excellent analytical skills, the ability to manage multiple projects under strict timelines, as well as the ability to work well in demanding, dynamic environment and meet overall infrastructure and data protection objectives. Bringing clarity and focus to your work; Taking ownership and doing what you say you will; Remaining flexible; Collaborating with others; 
ScrapedJobID947:
Design, develop, Deploy and maintain the corporate’s IT Infrastructure keeping in mind future technologies in mind ie cloud infrastructure migration /management and security Design and implement VmWare Infrastructure, including the creation, migration, and consolidation of physical to virtual servers; Maintain and monitor all operations and infrastructure through alerts and logs to keep an eye on the organization’s digital security footprint; Maintain and monitor remote servers and services hosted on data centre/cloud (Azure); IT Incident management, investigation, escalation and resolution of L2/L3/server/cloud related issues; Assess the current technology architecture (operating systems, hardware, software, security, networks) for vulnerabilities, weaknesses, and for possible upgrades or improvement; Select the new technologies while observing the various constraints (cost, time frame and security); Draw up a development or integration plan and pilot the deployment; Inform and advise management on the technological and organizational impacts of the new IS; Management of the Help Desk/Technical Support; Develop and direct implementation of security standards and best practices for the organization; Ad-hoc projects and tasks as assigned. A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent; A minimum of eight years’ experience in a related IT role, with the most recent experience working independently as a senior member of a technical services team; Experience with Cybersecurity best practices; Experience with HP-UX and Linux, network administration, network security infrastructure and with TCP/IP services such as DHCP, DNS; Proficient with scripting and/or various programming languages (shell/bash/perl); Proficient with cloud infrastructure IAAS Ability to troubleshoot various situations with customer interaction over the phone and/or in person; Excellent technical documentation skills are a requirement; Working knowledge of applications or services such as Apache, Tomcat; Solid understanding of data centre hardware including storage devices such as SAN/NAS connected via fiber; Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to deal within all levels of the organization in a team oriented environment; Ability to handle multiple priorities under the pressure of time constraints; Appreciation for and understanding of organizational principles and practices; Working knowledge of VMware ESX or other virtualization technologies is considered an asset; Experience working with routers, switches, hubs and wiring is considered an asset; Familiarity with server hardening and patching is considered an asset; Familiarity with ITIL complaint help desk ticket systems and servicing; Familiarity with computer/network asset protection and recovery mechanisms for business continuity planning and execution purposes. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability VmWare: 5 years (preferred) Network Administration: 2 years (preferred) cybersecurity: 2 years (preferred) Azure Cloud server management: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID948:
Optimize network and systems to improve availability, performance, stability, and integrity Identify and implement pro-active measures for preventing issues Identify, analyze, and resolve complex issues related to hardware, software, operating systems, and networks Support DevOps practices using “Infrastructure as Code” methods Design and implement physical and virtual servers, storage, and network infrastructure Maintain security compliance to protect client data and intellectual property Automate processes to reduce effort and improve quality Ensure successful implementation, testing, and improvement of business continuity procedures Accelerate your career through industry-recognized training and certifications. Contribute to documentation for planning, designs, standards, and procedures Provide training and knowledge transfers Collaboration with teams in the USA and Canada Participate in paid on-call rotation. Conducted root cause analysis, troubleshooting, and effective resolution of complex issues Can find and build toolsets to increase productivity (e.g. scripts, utilities) Experience gathering requirements, designing, planning, and implementing technical solutions 6+ years collective experience in designing and maintaining the following:
Windows servers
Virtualization stack
Networking
Cloud technologies Windows servers Virtualization stack Networking Cloud technologies In-depth knowledge of the following:
Windows Server
Linux
Virtualization technology (Microsoft Hyper-V preferred)
Core services (ADS, DNS, DHCP, SD-WAN)
Switches, routers, and firewalls
Storage technologies (SAN, DAS, Compellent)
Backup and disaster recovery technologies (ASR)
Microsoft System Center suite of products (SCCM, VMM, CM, DPM)
Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure preferred)
Cloud automation and Infrastructure API’s
Monitoring systems (RMM) Windows Server Linux Virtualization technology (Microsoft Hyper-V preferred) Core services (ADS, DNS, DHCP, SD-WAN) Switches, routers, and firewalls Storage technologies (SAN, DAS, Compellent) Backup and disaster recovery technologies (ASR) Microsoft System Center suite of products (SCCM, VMM, CM, DPM) Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure preferred) Cloud automation and Infrastructure API’s Monitoring systems (RMM) Exposure to:
Privileged Remote Access
SIEM
Vulnerability scanning and remediation
SecOps
Terraform and other automation tools Privileged Remote Access SIEM Vulnerability scanning and remediation SecOps Terraform and other automation tools Associates or Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or a similar degree is preferred Microsoft certification is desired (MS Azure Administrator) A competitive pay scale commensurate with your skills and expertise. A generous medical, dental, and vision benefits plan along with retirement plans. A fantastic work environment complete with an on-premise lounge area with pool table, gourmet coffee machines, outdoor patio lounge, large kitchen/dining area, and office area sleep rooms. (When it is deemed safe to return to the office, you will be able to enjoy these perks) An opportunity to grow both personally and professionally through our CX Academy. Freedom to present solutions and ideas in an environment that fosters trust, respect, and service. Work/life balance is something we are really committed to, not something we just talk about. We believe you should love your work and your play. Numerous opportunities to create community game lunch hours, CX Giving Partnership, summer picnics, our Annual Awards banquet, and lots of other great activities throughout the year. (These activities will resume when it is once again safe) A commitment to corporate transparency with quarterly all-company meetings 
ScrapedJobID949:
Be a liaison and public relations representative for the Co-op within the communities we serve; Lead the development of a Risk Management strategy, and review on a yearly basis; Create a business continuity plan, and keep it updated with the input from the Executive Leadership Team, and with direct consultation from the CFO and CEO; Keep up-to-date on all insurance contracts, and oversee insurance claims; Complete incident reports on and conduct investigations for fraud and internal/external theft; Minimize the financial losses related to crime, fraud, vandalism, accident and injury; Identify operational deficiencies as they relate to Asset Protection and apply effective solutions to mitigate risks; Respond appropriately to emergencies, incidents and urgent issues as they arise; Create policies pertaining to Risk Management; Serve as the operation’s liaison and security subject matter expert, keeping them abreast of training and awareness, key issues, strategies and department performance; Ensure all external crime including cyber incidents are investigated, and complete related documentation as per policy and procedure; Create escalation channels for any potential cyber-security breach; Ensure all established environmental policies are administered and enforced in all locations; Maintain the ongoing due diligence program for fuel controls, including quarterly reporting to the CFO and daily analysis of fuel overages and shortages; Maintain up to date contingency plans and site-specific fire and spill plans; Work with the Director of Development on the maintenance and repairs for all Red River Co-op Facilities, including the co-ordination of preventative maintenance programs, inspections and budget planning; Work with Human Resources to provide Asset Protection, Environmental, and Cyber Security training for all new employees through Red River Co-op’s onboarding program; Communicate regularly with our various divisions to address needs and identify gaps; Ensure Red River Co-op’s policies and manuals on Asset Protection, Cyber Security, Environmental, and Privacy are kept current and up-to-date; Ensure pertinent legislation is adhered to; Remain current with all federal and provincial standards and regulations, and inform the leadership team of all changes and amendments in a timely manner. You possess a combination of education and/or related experience in Cyber Security, Information Technology, Criminal Justice, Finance / Accounting, Asset Protection, or another related field; You demonstrate effective team leadership skills and the ability to work well with diverse groups; You have strong written and verbal communication skills; You are self-driven, goal-oriented and have the ability to set and adjust priorities and schedules; You are trustworthy, and maintain a high degree of integrity and confidentiality. 
ScrapedJobID950:
Tuition reimbursement program. Group benefits including dental, vision, and insurance Pension and retirement savings plans Personal rebates for fitness and computers And much more ……… Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday On call Overtime Weekend availability System Engineering and Architecture: 5 years (required) Azure Active Directory and security: 5 years (required) Network and Endpoint Security: 3 years (required) Security specific knowledge and understanding of IT security: 3 years (required) Vulnerability Mgmt Programs (Tenable, Rapid7, etc.: 3 years (required) CISSP, CISA, Security+ (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID951:
Get Engaged and Build Relationships – Get to know about the audits in execution and how cybersecurity risk affects the different business units of CIBC. Build relationships with the entire Internal Audit department and become the focal point for cybersecurity risk. Coach and Collaborate – Work in partnership with other auditors to provide insights, guidance and judgement on testing of cybersecurity risk. Help others develop their understanding of cybersecurity risk so they can better recognize and test cybersecurity risk. Reflect and Strategize – As cybersecurity risk evolves and requirements change, stay informed on corresponding control requirement changes. Be forward-looking and ensure the audit coverage of cybersecurity risk evolves with the regulatory and threat landscape. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID952:
Must be fluent in German 
ScrapedJobID953:
Conduct security testing in the form of vulnerability and penetration testing Conduct security reviews of network infrastructure Conduct security reviews of web application designs Conduct security reviews of planned workflows Conduct authenticated and non-authenticated testing Conduct white-box, grey box and black box testing Contribute to evolution of Mariner Risk Management testing methodology Act as SME for review of and working with third party vulnerability and penetration tests/testers Create, assess, update and execute testing plans Create test reports and provide suggested findings remediations Interface directly with clients 5+ years working in information security or IT security 2+ years security testing experience is required Excellent customer communications skills Desired Certifications: CEH, GIAC Pen Tester, OSCP, OSCE, etc., or equivalents and combined experience Knowledge of network and database architecture Knowledge of Linux/Windows/ Unix operating systems Knowledge of common vulnerabilities in web hosts/apps (e.g., SQL injection, XSS, etc.) Knowledge of common security standards and frameworks such as ISO27001, NIST, etc. Knowledge of common open source and commercial testing tools such as Nessus, Acutnetix, Burp Suite, Metasploit, NMap, etc.) Knowledge of network security architecture (firewalls, DMZ's, routing, DNS, DHCP, WAP, etc.) desired 
ScrapedJobID954:
Maintain essential IT operations, including operating systems, security tools, applications, servers, email systems, laptops, desktops, software, and hardware. Handle business-critical IT tasks and systems. Enable faster and smarter business processes and implement analytics for meaningful insights. Nurture dependable IT infrastructure and networking that’s always up and running. Partner with internal partners to communicate project status, activities, and achievements. Maintain / configure all servers, network infrastructure, computers, printers and scanning equipment at Sargent Farms facilities and provide suggestions for improvements. Maintain, troubleshoot, repair, and administer local area networks (LANs), wide area networks (WANs), connections to the Internet and peripheral equipment. Experience with Sophos Routers and Ubiquiti network switches. Experience with Meraki Wi-Fi Access points. Monitor network to ensure optimal performance. Experience with VMWare, managing Virtual servers. Experience with Office 365, SharePoint, and Azure. Maintain cyber security standards, evaluate & recommend security improvements. Experience with security surveillance camera system, preferably ExacqVision. Maintain daily network backups and images of servers. Will require occasional weekend & after-hours availability. First contact for troubleshooting any hardware / infrastructure issues in both the office and plant. Hands-on technical troubleshooting capabilities. Experience with making and repairing Cat5e or Cat6 network cables. We use DATAMAX ICLASS 4212E label printers in our Processing facilities. We use Motorola / Zebra MC9090 barcode scanners. Attempts are made to fix hardware issues first onsite before sending out for repair. First contact for troubleshooting any hardware / infrastructure issues in both the office and plant. Will require occasional weekend & after-hours availability. Hands-on technical troubleshooting capabilities. Education background in technology or computer science. Proven work experience in IT. Experience with or knowledge of programming languages and operating systems; current equipment and technologies, enterprise backup and recovery procedures, system performance-monitoring tools, active directories, virtualization, HTTP traffic, content delivery, and caching. Experience in integration, and cloud computing (specifically Microsoft Azure). Knowledge and experience with VMWare, managing Virtual servers. Knowledge and experience with Office 365, SharePoint and Azure. Knowledge and experience with preparing and repairing network cables. Knowledge and experience with Sophos Routers and Ubiquiti network switches. The ability to meet the needs and demands in an efficient manner. Excellent communication skills and customer service skills. Reliable, dependable and organized. Ability to fluently speak, read and write English. Ability to physically lift (up to 25 kg). The willingness to work with others and respond quickly to change. A focus on detail and accuracy. Ability to work with minimal functional direction. Previous knowledge in the food industry is an asset, not a must. Desire to be meticulous when completing IT installations. Must satisfactorily pass pre-employment screening (Criminal and Background Check). Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday On call system administration: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID955:
Working with cloud databases and managed databases. Architecture and design of large-scale Azure hybrid cloud deployments. Azure Storage, File Management, and Resource Groups. Azure Security Solutions and Federated Azure Active Directory (AD). Azure Event Hub and Azure Data Factory. High availability data redundancy, data loss prevention, site recovery, and resilience. High throughput and scalable architectures; and capacity planning and load balancing strategies. Demonstrate deep understanding of Azure Security solutions. Performance monitoring Azure Application Insights. Strong general background in legacy infrastructures, networking, Windows Virtual Desktop, and security related infrastructure. Bachelor or Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. Relevant industry certifications including some combination of Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert, Microsoft Azure Administrator Associate, TOGAF, MCSE’s in Cloud and/or Infrastructure, and CCSP. 5+ years professional experience in a large enterprise or professional services (preferred) environment. Exceptional oral, written, and listening communication skills. Specific experience working with Public Service, Utility, and Telecommunication organizations of all sizes (strongly preferred) 
ScrapedJobID956:
A unique work experience in a company that’s passionate about developing and delivering truly leading edge broadband wireless solutions A supportive environment that promotes diversity in the workplace Opportunities to expand your skills and abilities in a fast-growing environment Work with Product Management and Software Engineering teams to determine Redline products’ security requirements, ensuring they meet our customers’ needs. Continued research on Information Security standards. Track and understand emerging security best practices and standards. Design and implement Public Key Infrastructures, including the use of Certificate Authorities and digital signatures for both hardware and software products. Establish disaster recovery procedures and conducting security breach drills. Monitor new and emerging security threats and vulnerabilities, assess the impact on Redline’s products and lead the mitigation effort if required. Act as a Subject Matter Expert on our security systems and practices, answering technical and procedural questions for less experienced team members. Work with the rest of the Engineering and Product Management teams to ensure we deliver high-quality and secure products to our industrial customers. Interact with Redline’s partners and customers to explain our products’ security-related capabilities, and to understand their requirements. Plan and oversee Redline’s periodic Penetration Testing efforts and Red/Blue/Purple teams. Knowledge of and familiarity with the Linux operating system. Knowledge of authentication technologies, risk management, assessment procedures, and attack pathologies. Strong understanding of security protocols, cryptography, authentication, authorization, and security Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 5 or more years' experience in information security and IT risk management. Knowledge and experience with embedded Linux and VxWorks systems. Experience with both Agile and Waterfall development cycles. Relevant certifications: Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or similar field Is located in or around the Greater Toronto Area Will be a self-starter, able to work well alone or in a team with light supervision Should be a quick learner, able to pick up new concepts and technologies quickly Should have a strong attention to detail, with a preference for doing things right Will have strong organizational, verbal, and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID957:
Évaluer l'architecture et les logiciels des nouvelles solutions informatiques (sur site, cloud) du point de vue de la sécurité et fournir des recommandations pour améliorer la posture de sécurité de ces systèmes Identifier la portée et les exigences de l'évaluation pour les tests d'intrusion et les évaluations de sécurité mandatée par le client Être l'expert en la matière en matière de sécurité des applications et des infrastructures Collabore avec les différents groupes internes chargés de l'architecture, ou du développement, du déploiement de nouveaux systèmes ou applications, afin de garantir que les meilleures pratiques liées à la sécurité font partie de leurs modèles standard Organiser et piloter un groupe transverse dédié à la création de référentiels de sécurité OT (IOT, ICS, etc.) Bachelier ou de maîtrise en informatique, en génie informatique, en génie logiciel, en sécurité de l'information ou tout autre diplôme équivalent Minimum de 2 ans d'expérience dans le domaine de la sécurité de l'information et 5 ans en architecture informatique Expérience dans au moins trois des domaines suivants: Architecture informatique, architecture logicielle, développement d’applications sécurisées, architecture de sécurité, tests de pénétration, évaluations de sécurité, recherche de bogue de sécurité (bug bounties) et/ou équipe rouge (red team) Excellente compréhension des opérations informatiques de l'entreprise Bonne compréhension de Microsoft Azure, Office 365 et AWS Bonne compréhension des infrastructures basées sur Active Directory Expérience en ICS / OT, un atout Compétences en télécommunications, un atout Solides compétences analytiques et d'enquête Forte agilité technique et d'apprentissage Solides compétences en organisation Capacité à travailler de manière autonome avec un minimum de supervision Capacité à travailler sous pression Excellentes compétences en communication écrite et orale Maîtrise du français et de l'anglais (écrit, oral) Assess the architecture and software of new IT solutions (on premise, cloud) from a security point of view and provide recommendations to improve the security posture such systems Identify assessment scope and requirements for client mandated intrusion tests and security assessments Be the subject matter expert in matter of application and infrastructure security Collaborates with the different internal groups doing architecture, or developing, deploying new systems or applications, to help ensure that best practices related to security are part of their standard patterns Organize and steer a cross-functions group dedicated to the creation of security baselines for OT (IOT, ICS, etc. )
What we are looking for? Bachelor's or master’s degree level in Computer Sciences, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Information Security or any other equivalent degree Minimum of 2 years of experience in the Information Security field and 5 years in IT architecture Experience in at least three of the following domains: IT architecture, Software architecture, Secure application development, Security architecture, Penetration testing, Security assessments. Bug Bounties and/or red-teaming Excellent understanding of Enterprise IT operations Good understanding of Microsoft Azure, Office 365 and AWS Good understanding of Active Directory based infrastructures Experience in ICS/OT a plus Skills in telecom a plus Strong analytical and investigative skills Strong technical and learning agility Strong organization skills Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Ability to work under pressure Excellent written and oral communication skills Fluent in French and English (written, oral) 
ScrapedJobID958:

ScrapedJobID959:
Enterprise Systems / Network - Management of systems and network infrastructure including: design, development and set-up; maintaining and configuring network related hardware/software (VPN, Firewall, routers, Switches, WAPS); maintaining and monitoring all servers (Windows, Linux, AWS) hybrid Virtual / Physical infrastructure; managing usage/capacity and operating system updates; documenting standards for all systems; managing Active Directory (Certificate Authority, Domain Name System, Dynamic Host Communication Protocol, Network Protection Server, Internet Information Server, Windows Server Update services, Group Policies) and Microsoft Exchange enterprise (email) topology; WAP Configuration; monitoring data flow. Internal Network Security - Ensuring security standards are set, documented, and maintained for all operating units. Firewall management. Configure content filtering, intrusion prevention and client/network antivirus. IT Hardware and Software Management - Managing IT hardware and software projects in conjunction with the Computer/Network Support Specialist and Operations Services Manager. Determine and provide the support required for completed projects in conjunction with all stakeholders. Work with in-house software developer. Backups - Managing all backups of corporate data with regular audits of its functionality. Determine and provide the support required for disaster recovery and business continuity plans. Aircraft Maintenance/QA data - Assisting maintenance staff with procuring, processing, and moving data from the helicopter to various systems in house and external. Technical Advice and Guidance – Supporting managers, employees, and other team members on issues related to information technology. Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday On call system administration: 8 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID960:
Work closely with user experience designers to create stunning UI designs Produce multiple designs and work interactively with different teams on delivering projects for different platforms & devices A solid foundation in typography, layout, and design Work within brand guidelines to create layouts that reinforce a brand’s style or voice through its visual touch-points The ability to effectively take direction and work both collaboratively and autonomously Great sense of typography, iconography, color theory, and visual composition Strong understanding of usability and user centered design practices Diverse software design experience and a visual design portfolio representing work conducted for various different platforms & devices Passion for emerging technologies and hunger to innovate Excellent listening, written, and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills and an attention to detail Basic knowledge of HTML/CSS Degree in Graphic Design, Web Design or related field Experience designing enterprise applications Experience creating clickable prototypes (Flinto or Invision) Experience with user research Technical background 
ScrapedJobID961:
Work with Managed Security Services Providers (MSSP’s) to manage the security configuration and operation of managed security technologies; respond in a timely manner to escalated security incidents and work with external and/or internal stakeholders to provide timely resolution. Review (and/or oversee the monitoring of) logs and reports of existing systems; interpret the implications of identified activity and devise plans for appropriate resolution. Participate in the design and execution of vulnerability assessments, penetration tests, security audits, and remediation of identified vulnerabilities. Participate in the planning and design of enterprise security architecture; maintain and improve configurations of security solutions for efficient and appropriate operations. Participate in the creation of enterprise Information Security documents (policies, standards, baselines, guidelines and procedures). Compile metrics related to the Information Security program, analyze threat trending and develop a mitigation strategy to minimize identified risks. Participate in the planning and design of an enterprise Business Continuity Plan and Disaster Recovery Plan Recommend new security solutions or enhancements to existing security solutions to improve overall enterprise security posture Participate in the deployment, integration and security configuration of new IT solutions and of any enhancements to existing IT solutions in accordance with standard best operating procedures and the enterprise’s security standards. Maintain up-to-date baselines for the secure configuration and operations of IT systems, whether they be under direct control (i.e., security tools) or not (i.e., workstations, servers, network devices, etc.). Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge of the Information Security industry including awareness of new or revised security solutions, improved security processes and the development of new attacks and threat vectors. Working knowledge of variety of security technologies in areas of: End Point Protection, IPS/IDS, Malware Protection (Network), SIEM, L7 Firewalls, Digital Certificates, Patch Management, URL filtering, Identity and Access management (IAM), Cloud Security Operations (AWS, Azure, GCP) etc. Strong understanding of TCP/IP, IPSEC, SSL/TLS and other network and encryption protocols. Strong understanding of all currently supported Windows operating systems; knowledge of Linux distributions is an asset Strong understanding of Security Operations in existing Cloud environments (AWS, Azure, GCP) Working Knowledge of CyberArk platform (IAM) administration in is an asset Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Proven ability to conduct research into Information Security issues and security products as required. Proven ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated; able to work with minimal supervision. Keen attention to detail. Team-oriented and skilled in working within a collaborative environment. Post-secondary education in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience that satisfy the requirements of the position. Minimum 5 years of progressive responsibilities in managing security systems, Incident Response, Risk Assessments, Vulnerability Management, Cloud Security Operations (AWS/Azure/GCP), Identity and Access Management, User awareness training, Mobile Device Management (MDM), etc. CISSP and other security certificates will be considered as an asset Aim Higher – we strive to exceed expectations Own Your Expertise – we empower ourselves and each other Collaborate Effectively – we bring the right people together to get the right results Engage with Empathy – we objectively consider the needs of others Embrace Change – we drive, learn from, and adapt to change 
ScrapedJobID962:
Project management, IP network architecture, preliminary design, and detailed design study Implementation, testing and technical support in the framework of projects, as needed Permanent development through participation in internal and external learning programs Other related tasks Diploma in electrical engineering or equivalent education level At least 10 years of relevant experience CCNP or CCIE certification (or an equivalent) Experience in networking, design, configuration, roll-out, migration and operation in the context of OT operational technology and critical infrastructure Experience: o Routers, switches, firewalls, Cisco wireless access points Ability to communicate clearly on complex architectures through the utilization of current drawing tools Solid technical skills, particularly in terms of IT security Thoroughness and attention to detail Ability to plan, prioritize and organize Work experience within a multidisciplinary design team Ability to work under minimum supervision and lead a technical team 
ScrapedJobID963:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements. Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions. Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management, and service delivery. Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware 
ScrapedJobID964:

ScrapedJobID965:

ScrapedJobID966:
Execute an analytical, technical, and administrative role in the planning, design, testing, installation, and on-going maintenance of components of SLF's Enterprise Network Environment. Focus Area –> Internet Technologies - such as firewalls, VPNs, intrusion prevention, network access controls, application control, identity awareness, URL filtering, DNS, Application Acceleration & Load Balancing, SSL Acceleration Monitor infrastructure components and take corrective action when defects or problematic trends are discovered. Investigation and diagnostics shall occur via proven testing methodologies utilizing standard network monitoring tools, documentation, and other various troubleshooting techniques required for service restoration Complete service reporting of network metrics related to established SLAs for capacity, availability, demand, and service performance, ensuring they are captured, validated, and reported and that management action plans are developed and implemented to address deficiencies or issues Report on historical service level trends and patterns, providing analysis and identification of service improvement opportunities Perform regular preventative maintenance and lifecycle management upgrades Integrate security efforts, projects, and other related initiatives Provide assessment and fulfilment of standard services requests and changes as per documented process methodologies including requests for network information, documentation, service level reports, and standard infrastructure changes Maintain documentation and provide team updates as needed to ensure changes are well communicated and understood by L3, L2, L1 Network Operations centre and business Rotational 24x7x365 on-call to ensure comprehensive availability of network services for our business Develop plans and strategies to improve network performance, reliability, and operational cost-effectiveness Provide consultation and comprehensive support to our internal and external business partners including Architecture, Engineering, Application Services, Distributed Computing (server, storage, web hosting), Information Security, Business Continuity, and our business stakeholders Promote and fully participate in key IT processes of Incident, Problem, Change, Configuration, Capacity and Service Level Management Vendor Certifications (CCNP, CCDE, CCIE) or equivalent work experience Thorough knowledge of WAN, LAN and wireless network and network security technology Comprehensive knowledge of CheckPoint FireWall-1 NG, CheckPoint Provider-1 NG, Nokia IPSO operating systems, F5 Load Balancers, Cisco Switches & Routers in a large data center environments - Required Demonstrated knowledge of TCP/IP, DNS, SSL, HTTP, IPSEC, RADIUS, ESP, PKI (<-certificates framework) Deep knowledge OSI layers 1-7 - Required Experience developing and maintaining comprehensive network documentation BlueCat DDI technologies, Cisco ISE, Aruba wireless - Desired Familiar with VLAN, BGP, OSPF, HSRP, MPLS, GRE, SNMP, SMTP, Active Directory, Kerberos, LDAP, CHAP, EAP, SDN, SOP 802.1x experience - Desired Packet Sniffer, TCL, Perl, Bash - Desired Excellent understanding of ITIL v3 process framework Fault isolation and remediation Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock, and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security 
ScrapedJobID967:
You want to contribute to the digital forensic investigations of computer systems and other digital devices, digital evidence preservation, recovery, analysis, electronic mail extraction and database examination You thrive in translating complex technical problems into terms and processes that support the functional goals, strategic initiatives and business alignment of a dynamic growth company You excel in developing and implementing processes and technologies to reduce costs and minimize business impacts during cybercrime investigations. You are passionate about new technologies and relish the challenges of continually assessing and recommending security solutions and controls to improve deficiencies identified during all phases of investigations. You are diligent with ensuring that proper chain of custody is maintained and that all evidence recovery and collection methods are conducted, managed, and archived in a manner consistent to maintain preservation, and the protection of evidence in its original form. Adhering to industry standard principles, methodologies, and techniques when gathering, processing, handling and storing digital evidence is a part of your DNA. You love to collaborate with and support various security teams to develop and maintain mechanisms for occurrence reporting and the consistent management of cybercrime investigations. You have a strong and constant approach to critical thinking, data analytics and problem solving while maintaining both a creative and detailed orientation to job and team accountabilities. The ability to work extremely well under pressure while maintaining a high level of professionalism is critical to success in this role. Demonstrate working knowledge of digital forensic principles, methodologies, and techniques; including experience using digital forensic tools (i.e. EnCase, Cellebrite, Axiom, Relativity, or others) You have strong experience with Windows/Unix operating systems, mobile devices, PC hardware and PC networking. You have working knowledge of major programming languages (python, objective C, C#, SQL, AQL, others). You have knowledge and experience with data mining and analytics using relational databases (i.e. Microsoft SQL). You possess advanced communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English. The same in Spanish is a strong asset. You will have 1+ year(s) working experience in information/cyber security, digital forensics, civil and criminal investigations, or related field; or a bachelor’s degree in an approved field from an accredited university. A professional certification(s) and/or membership of associations in the field of information/cyber security and digital forensics would be an asset(s). Eg. Certified Computer Examiner (CCE), EnCase Certified Examiner (EnCE)), Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) and/or Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) While our focus is on finding someone to support Enterprise technologies, we are part of a global information security team that supports various business lines globally. As a team we have access and support to a wide variety of security technologies and support a global enterprise in a proactive manner. Our primary office in Scarborough is freshly renovated with a design focus on enabling collaboration through both environment and technology. Onsite cafeteria plus complimentary hot beverage stations in the workplace. Minutes by TTC bus from Warden subway station on Line 2. Free employee shuttle service connecting the IT campus with nearby GO stations. Free onsite & offsite employee parking with charging stations for electric vehicles onsite. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does. We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID968:
Be a trusted advisor to Mirai Security’s clients in a professional manner Develop pragmatic recommendations and solutions to support preventative, detective, and responsive cyber security capabilities for known and unknown threats Develop roadmaps and provide coaching to clients on best practices in alignment with their business requirements and industry leading practices Document and/or train clients on recommended technologies, controls and processes Develop reports, solution design documents, presentations, and other solution collateral Implement technologies, people and/or process recommendations Ability to synthesize data from multiple sources and present concise, relevant information to a non-technical audience from a business risk management perspective Research latest security tools, standards, and best-practices and ensure such knowledge is shared with clients and Mirai team members Liaise with, coach, and advise business stakeholders in a timely manner and manage expectations of clients Other cyber security professional related duties as required or assigned 3+ years of post-secondary education or related experience (preferably client facing, even if in another domain) 3+ years of hands-on Cloud experience with one or more major Cloud Service Providers (Azure, AWS, GCP) Have at least one Cloud related certification such as Azure AZ-500, AWS Cloud Solutions Architect, GCP Cloud Engineer, etc. Experience with multi-Cloud and Hybrid Cloud architectures Understanding how DevOps works within Cloud Environments Understanding security concepts with SaaS, PaaS and IaaS service models Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Associate (AZ-500) Microsoft 365 Certified: Security Administrator Associate (MS-500) AWS Cloud Solutions Architect Associate AWS Certified Security – Specialty Excellent presentation skills (this is a client facing role) Excellent written and oral communication skills in English for emails, reports and/or presentations Passion for building/creating things such as home labs or other hobby projects Ability to create documentation and diagrams to support design decisions Understanding of information security and risk management principles Comfortable in a CLI Perpetual learner Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID969:
Collaborating with peers to execute daily operations and special projects Updating and maintaining network equipment Maintaining and resolving issues on LAN/WAN, VoIP telephone switches, routers, firewall, Wi-Fi, etc. Coordinating with vendors to resolve technical problems with network equipment and software Travel to our different North American locations to implement new technology and infrastructure solutions. Document network configurations, problems, and related resolutions. Support and implement change management strategies. Monitor system performance and implement performance optimization. Work closely with Technology Architects and Systems Analysts to implement, maintain, and support infrastructure and network solutions. Sharing knowledge, discoveries, ideas, challenges, and solutions with peers, Managers, and Executives When necessary, ensure emergency operational support outside office hours. Bilingual – French and English. Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, network administration, system administration or equivalent 3+ years of experience as Network Technician Working knowledge of networking protocols and standards: IP and Ethernet technologies, routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) and service quality parameters (QoS). Experience with structured cabling design and implementations. Knowledge of telecommunication industry in the following areas: LAN, WAN, VPN, IP Telephony, and wireless technology. Knowledge of network technologies in multisite environment. Experience with network monitoring solutions (ex. PRTG) Technical certifications are an asset (Cisco CCNA, ITIL, CISSP, etc.) Knowledge of enterprise security environments. Excellent attention-to-detail and ability to stay organized Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and work under pressure Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong capacity to work with the sense of urgency. Ability to prioritize and multitask. Innovative problem-solver, creativity, and detail-oriented planner. Good sense of adaptability in a diversified environment, working with technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with end-user support and understanding of the internal customer’s perspective. Demonstrate patience and empathy. Creative and proactive approach to network and cyber-security environments. Experience providing network solutions is a manufacturing enterprise is an asset. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) network technician: 3 years (preferred) French (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID970:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID971:
Develop functioning prototype systems in a non-production environment. Design substation edge networks. Document standards for substation edge networks. Develop design templates. Stage and pre-configure equipment including interconnectivity to Cisco FMC, and Cisco IDN. Support assembly of installation kits, ensuring these are sent to and received by installation contractors, and provide remote support from Edmonds to installers in the field. Develop, maintain, update, and extend telecom engineering scripts and applications to support design and provisioning processes for the Telecommunications Engineering department. 6 years of working experience in IT security supporting the environments listed under Education and Skills, supplemented with relevant product training, or equivalent. Must Haves at least four (4) years experience with Cisco firewalls, for example: ISA3000 firewall, Cisco Industrial Switches including IE3400, Cisco network management tools including Firewall Management Centre. Prior experience with Cisco ISA3000 firewall, Cisco Industrial Switches including IE3400, Cisco network management tools including Firewall Management Centre, and Industrial Network Director an asset. As well as prior experience with substation networking and firewalls. Assets: Experience with Industrial Network Director As well as prior experience with substation networking and firewalls Education and Skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or equivalent Expert technical skills in the following areas: ArcSight ESM ConAPP Cisco Prime Infrastructure Cisco IOS, ASA Cariden Mate Design Rugged NMS Alcatel SAM/CPAM Service Portal Express Splunk Enterprise SolarWinds including NTA, NPM, VoIP and Network Quality Manager modules SNMP SQL Server Admin Scripting (Perl, Shell) Alcatel 7705, 7750 Router Configuration LDAP Microsoft Active Directory Excellent technical skills in advanced network and systems technologies including firewalls, IPSEC, SNMPv3, Syslog, AAA, and TCP/IP Routing Advanced skills in MS Office (Word, Excel, Visio, and Access) Excellent communication skills for professional environment, written and spoken Client requires proof of Covid-19 vaccination to access job site. Providing proof of vaccination is a condition of employment with Ian Martin” for this opportunity Candidate will be required to work out of the office at least 3 days per week Local candidates only. 
ScrapedJobID972:

ScrapedJobID973:

ScrapedJobID974:
Identify risks related to IT business processes and assess management’s response to risk, including avoidance, acceptance and mitigation Measure risks associated with complex IT requirements and provide recommendations for resolution Coordinate with audit and compliance teams with process changes/updates Develop or participate in the development of Key Risk Indicators and monitor compliance Report on quality of risk management measures and present findings to appropriate client stakeholders Undergraduate university degree, preferably in Computer Science or Information Systems Professional certification desired (CISA, CISSP, CISM). For the Ottawa market, a university degree and one of the aforementioned certifications are mandatory Demonstrated experience in risk management and information systems Understanding and/or experience in industry-accepted risk management methods (e.g., NIST) Experience in identifying risks, presenting these risks, and providing resolutions or steps for mitigation Good communication skills and the ability to facilitate meetings and gain consensus for decisions Strong oral and relationship skills are essential to interact effectively with clients Demonstrated skills in report writing are essential, along with effective presentation abilities Candidates must have a consultative nature, with solid managerial skills in building client relationships and managing projects Candidates must be self-motivated in order to work independently We require individuals who have a commitment to providing excellence in client service, with a sense of responsibility and maturity to listen to client business issues, think through a situation, consider alternative solutions, and suggest practical actions Comfortable with Microsoft suite products i.e., Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio and Project For the Ottawa market, Federal security clearance is mandatory (at least Enhanced Reliability and ability to secure Secret or Level -2 clearance) Test design and operating effectiveness of ITGCs Interact with clients to manage receipt of information and delivery of completed testing within target timelines Documentation within the firm's documentation tool Professional designation an asset Government and public sector experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID975:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support Using workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identifying areas to create, improve and maintain intellectual property Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio Candidates will hold CCNP Enterprise or Data Center certifications. NetApp NCDA would also be preferred 
ScrapedJobID976:
Review, analyze and assess business processes, IT operations and systems to determine the existence and state of technical and procedural security controls Review, analyze and assess technical and procedural security controls to determine their compliance status against well-established information security frameworks and standards such as ISO 27001, COBIT, PCI DSS, NIST 800-53, HIPAA, and NERC CIP Review, analyze and assess technical and procedural security controls to determine if they provide privacy assurance in compliance with the requirements of privacy legislation such as GDPR, FIPPA, PIPEDA, and PIPA Suggest measures to improve client IT security related procedures, operations, processes and systems throughout organization to help optimize the budget allocated for information security Create information security policies, architectures and programs to be used by clients of the Company for implementation of information security governance Optimize Mirai Security internal processes for delivery of GRC services to clients Represent Mirai Security, its values, products, and services, faithfully and accurately to potential and current customers Excellent presentation & negotiation skills, with the ability to effectively negotiate with senior stakeholders Client facing professionalism and integrity with excellent written and oral communication skills in Business English In-depth understanding of cyber security, governance, risk and compliance across industry verticals Computer skills, knowledge of collaboration and project management software packages such as Microsoft Office, Microsoft Teams, Teamwork Projects College diploma or university degree in information security or a related field of study 5+ years of GRC experience or security consultant related experience Information security and technology certifications are considered an asset Must live in and legally able to work in Canada Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people setting the new standard for Information Security Can be 100% remote or utilize our Vancouver-area based office as needed Competitive Salary including merit increases Performance bonus Comprehensive benefits package including but not limited to health, dental, vision Continuous learning opportunities and community networking Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we’re proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Bonus pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Are you legally able to work in Canada? GRC: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID977:
Assurer que les considérations de risques sont abordées à chaque phase du cycle de vie du développement et déploiement d’un système; Evaluer la posture en termes de risque d’une ou de plusieurs unités d’affaires; Produire, maintenir et communiquer des indicateurs (progression, performance, risque, etc); Proposer des solutions de manière proactive pour réduire le risque de futures failles; Recommander des mesures de sécurité dans les applications et les composants d’infrastructure en exerçant un jugement dans le cadre des politiques existantes et des bonnes pratiques de l’industrie; Collaborer avec plusieurs intervenants clés (architectes TI, analystes, BISO, Risques TI et bien sûr nos différentes lignes d'affaires) Baccalauréat complété, connexe au secteur d'activité, et cinq (5) à dix (10) années d'expérience pertinente; Minimum de trois (2) à cinq (5) années d’expérience en sécurité de l'information (authentification, autorisation, contrôle d'accès, audit, cryptographie, etc.); Bonne connaissance des processus d’intégration des évaluations de sécurité dans le processus de cycle de vie des services d’entreprises (Serveurs, postes de travail, applications, composants réseaux, etc); Sens du collectif, aisance relationnelle, bonne communication et orienté service client; Habileté à vulgariser le risque et effectuer des présentations à différents auditoires (techniques, métiers…). Certifications professionnelles (CISSP, AWS, CISM, CISA, CRISC, GIAC ou autres certifications équivalentes); Expérience dans une grande organisation complexe (exemple : secteur bancaire) ; Connaissance des tendances du marché en cybersécurité, curiosité et sens de l'initiative. Programme santé et bien-être incluant de nombreux avantages Assurance collective flexible Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées Régime d’acquisition d’actions Programme d’aide aux employés et à leur famille Services bancaires préférentiels Programme d’implication dans la communauté Télémédecine Clinique virtuelle d’amélioration du sommeil 
ScrapedJobID978:
Manage the network and communications hardware including routers, switches, firewalls, servers and VPN’s Develop and maintain security protocols for information systems such as ERP, web services and LMS Ensure that cybersecurity systems, controls and procedures are operating effectively to manage vulnerabilities such as disaster recovery, and provide continuous protection from external and internal parties Prepare and maintain system documentation, progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, technical training materials, and presentations Warranty, break fixes and installation services, including emergency response to server issues Remote and on-site technical support/troubleshoot for Mac, PCs, Servers, Network, and IT Infrastructure environment Maintain network and server hardware and Microsoft windows software platforms (Active Directory, email, firewalls - patch management, OS upgrades and firmware updates). Configure, deploy, support and maintain Windows Servers, PCs, Routers and VM. Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or another similar degree Speaks of English & Mandarin (must) MCSA, MCSE (preferred) ITIL Certification (preferred) 2-3 years of experience supporting servers, desktops, networks and peripheral hardware Experience supporting client applications such as Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Sophos firewall Considerable knowledge and working experience with the characteristics and capabilities of Microsoft Active Directory, Windows Server, Microsoft Exchange, Office 365 Demonstrate experience with IT metrics Experience in managing technology vendor relationships Excellent negotiation and presentation skills Strong knowledge of cybersecurity best practices both on premise and cloud-based storage Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) supporting servers: 2 years (preferred) English and Mandarin (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID979:
Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO’s purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks & mitigation techniques for designated areas. Anticipates and reduces complexity for others. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Assists in the preparation of end-user materials. Plans and conducts third-party software analysis as needed for inclusion in the project solution. Gathers requirements and documents these requirements for use in various audits, reports, & projects. Participates in the creation of use cases and user expected results to ensure that software is delivered to end users with zero Severity 1 or Severity 2 defects. Works with project stakeholders to validate their requirements and analysis models via techniques such as reviews and walkthroughs. Ensures system specifications meet expectations/requirements, and negotiates solutions. Creates documentation to ensure the supportability of analyses. Maintains existing requirements to ensure that current-state needs are known. Develops and implements data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filters and “cleans” data, and reviews computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Remains alert to new techniques for insights, analytics, and data visualization, and devises new ways of applying them. Interprets data, analyzes results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes in the organization to improve overall efficiency. Facilitates discussions and follows a structured approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage requirements with stakeholders. Provides analytical support and insights. Identifies opportunities to strengthen business analysis capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across BMO. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 3 years of Fraud experience required. Prefer Risk & Control/Internal Audits highly desired. Experience setting up processes Self Starter Strong Technical Skills i.e. MS office Project Management Skills would be very helpful. Possesses analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Demonstrates applied knowledge of one or more analysis and problem decomposition technique. Understands complete Software Development Life Cycle and can apply the applicable portions of the ‘Feasibility,’ ‘Requirements,” and ‘Analysis’ phases. Demonstrates writing and documentation skills. Understands and can explain to others the core processes involved in their area of support. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID980:
Joignez-vous à une équipe dynamique en pleine croissance et participez à la mise en œuvre de la stratégie numérique de Rio Tinto Un excellent environnement de travail dans lequel les gens sont valorisés et respectés Ce nouveau poste vous donnera accès à des technologies fascinantes et vous permettra de repenser votre façon de travailler Poste permanent situé à Montréal Définir des environnements de réseau SDN, LAN/WAN traditionnels et de sécurité complexes afin de conférer de la valeur aux équipes de réseau élargies mondiales, aux TSI et aux Groupes de produits Assurer l’optimisation/formuler des recommandations à l’égard du rendement des plateformes et de l’infrastructure essentielles aux activités afin d’accroître l’efficience et l’efficacité du réseau mondial de Rio Tinto Concevoir, créer, mettre en œuvre et optimiser des projets de surveillance et d’automatisation pour améliorer la disponibilité, l’évolutivité et la sécurité de l’environnement réseau de Rio Tinto Influencer et créer de nouvelles conceptions, architectures, normes et méthodes pour un environnement réseau mondial de grande envergure Relever, diagnostiquer et résoudre les problèmes dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Assurer la gestion des problèmes en vue de leur résolution dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Se passionner pour l’élimination des processus manuels répétitifs au moyen de l’automatisation Élaborer et optimiser des processus/procédures/méthodes Engagement à assurer votre sécurité et celle de votre équipe Baccalauréat (télécommunications/génie, TI/réseaux de données) ou expérience équivalente Expérience dans la conception, la mise en œuvre et la gestion de réseaux WAN/LAN/sans fil complexes. Une expérience dans l’industrie de l’exploitation minière, pétrolière/gazière ou de la fabrication constitue un atout Expérience souhaitable avec NGFW, FMC de Cisco, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Conaissance d’outils d’automatisation comme Ansible, Chef et Puppet Expérience avec un ou plusieurs des langages de script suivants : Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js ou Golang Compétences efficaces en communication et en production de rapports Connaissance des principes et des processus de l’ITIL et de l’ingénierie système Environnement de travail au sein duquel la sécurité est toujours la priorité absolue Occasions de développement de carrière et aide à la formation pour réaliser vos aspirations sur le plan technique et du leadership Salaire de base concurrentiel établi en fonction de vos compétences et de votre expérience, et programme incitatif annuel Accès en tout temps à des programmes de santé/médicaux favorables à la famille, et à des régimes de retraite et d’épargne Régime d’actionnariat intéressant Congés pour divers motifs (vacances/annuels, congé parental payé, congés de maladie) Rabais pour les employés Join a dynamic growing team and be part of implementing Rio Tinto’s digital strategy Excellent work environment where people are valued and respected This new role will expose you to exciting technology and challenge the way you work Permanent role based in Montreal Articulate complex SDN, traditional LAN/WAN and security environments in order to demonstrate value to broader global network teams, IS&T and Product Groups Provide performance tuning/recommendations for mission critical platforms and infrastructure in order to drive efficiency and effectiveness of the Global Rio Tinto Network Design, create and deliver optimize monitoring and automation steps to improve the availability, scalability and security of Rio Tinto’s network environment Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale global network environment Identify, troubleshoot and resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Problem management to resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Have a passion for eliminating repetitive manual processes using automation Develop and optimise processes/procedures/methods A commitment to the safety of yourself and your team Bachelor’s degree qualification (Telecommunications/Engineering, IT/Data Networks) or equivalent experience Experience with designing, implementing, and managing complex WAN/LAN/Wireless networks. Mining, Oil/Gas, or manufacturing experience preferred Experience with Cisco NGFW, FMC, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Familiarity with automation tools such as Ansible, Chef, and Puppet Have experience with one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js, or Golang Effective communication and reporting skills Knowledge of ITIL principles and processes and system engineering A work environment where safety is always the number one priority Career development & education assistance to further your technical or leadership ambitions A competitive base salary reflective of your skills and experience with annual incentive program Ongoing access to family-friendly health and medical programs, pension and savings plans Attractive share ownership plan Leave for all of life’s reasons (vacation/annual, paid parental, sick leave) Exclusive employee discounts 
ScrapedJobID981:
Applying knowledge strategically Takes ownership for own work’s quality, compliance and technical accuracy Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensures own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards Ability to work with minimal supervision Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues Speak, listen and write in a clear, thorough and timely manner using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques Establish and maintain positive working relationships with others both internally and externally to achieve the goals of the organization Anticipates and prepares for responses or reactions of others with sensitivity and directness Experience in install/configure/customize for SailPoint IIQ Ability to drive conversation for design and development for LifeCycle Management Understand complex workflows and integrations for SailPoint IIQ Experience with IIQ integration(s) such as ServiceNow, RACF, Active Directory, Workday, Azure, SAP HR/Direct, API, JDBC and Delimited files Able to troubleshoot complex issues in SailPoint IIQ Experience with Java/Beanshell/SQL Role D Certified SailPoint IIQ Engineer an asset Understand and experience with IdentityNow an asset 
ScrapedJobID982:
Coordinate and oversee a set of initiatives which will be executed by several teams. Coordinate overall planning, development, and implementation of activities at a program level to ensure overall achievement of the various activities as required. Define, coordinate, and manage communications to impacted stakeholder groups as required Provide project oversight, including completion of reporting activities related to budget, schedule, and project management processes in accordance with Client's PMO processes. Develop and maintain relationships with business stakeholders to ensure solutions meet requirements while ensuring business services delivery is not impacted. Own project deliverables – ensure all deliverables meet business requirements, are delivered on time, and meet quality standards. Complete status reporting, including preparation of project presentations and updates as defined. 10+ years of experience managing and delivering technology projects. Experience providing and business support for utilities clients. Strong interpersonal skills, ability to work well on projects with business and technical teams Demonstrated strong communication (verbal/written) and presentation skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Infrastructure Technology implementation experience. General cybersecurity technology and solutions knowledge / skills. 
ScrapedJobID983:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures. Work closely with key stakeholders to prioritize requirements and communicate different messages effectively to different audiences. Liaison between business, operations, and technology and innovation teams to accurately gather, analyze, document and deliver business requirements. Perform needs analysis based on business requirements and ensure solutions being proposed meets the organizational and business goals. Participate project development activities including, but are not limited to, documentation of business value drivers, analysis/research of needs, gathering, documenting and updating business outcomes and conduct information gathering sessions. Development of concise and professional execute presentation material. Adapts to changing business priorities and business needs during active design periods; and ability to keep Requirement Definitions and other documentation updated accordingly. Bilingual Spanish is considered an asset. Bachelor’s or post-graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business or equivalent experience. Business Analyst with 5 years of Business Analysis or other equivalent strategic planning competencies. Project experience in complex environments, including cross-functional, international, or cross-organizational teams and stakeholders across multiple sites, including field operations, head office and regional offices. Knowledge of BABOK (Business Analysis Body of Knowledge) is an asset. Knowledge of TOGAF Exploration & Mining Business Capability Models and their use in digital strategy development is considered an asset. Mining industry experience is an asset, specifically in areas of mining, processing, maintenance and engineering operations technologies. Experience with IT technologies including industrial networking, software development, control systems, cyber security, industrial embedded hardware strongly desired. Industrial infrastructure experience is an asset. Familiarity with Mining or Natural Resources industry is preferred. Exceptional communications (verbal and written) skills including development of executive presentation material and business justification documents. Excellent analytical capabilities, problem-solving abilities and strong knowledge of business analysis techniques. Ability to work comfortably with a high degree of autonomy in an environment of fast paced change and a highly distributed team. Highly drive, effective, versatile and action-oriented. Proficient in the use of and other tools used to capture business processes and create road maps. Proficient in Microsoft Office tools (O365), SharePoint (Online), Visio, Teams. 
ScrapedJobID984:
10+ years experience in energy or commodity markets University Degree in relevant discipline In depth knowledge of Experience in Power, Gas or Emissions trading desks Front/middle/back office business processes, Market standards and regulatory requirements Ability to think strategically, have short- and long-term views, and have a business focus Strong communication and presentation skills Intrinsic desire to understand the “why” behind each problem Strong organizational skills Preferred Energy Trading and Risk Management (ETRM) software experience beneficial Experience working with complementary software and or integrations, such as exchanges and ISOs, market data providers, and ERPs Understanding of technical architecture, frameworks, and database Experience in both physical and financial trading of energy commodities Client requires proof of Covid-19 vaccination to access job site. Providing proof of vaccination is a condition of employment with Ian Martin” for this opportunity. 
ScrapedJobID985:
Platform: to protect the clients most critical data by isolating it from their operational backup environment Platform: to isolate the network with limited replication windows Data: to understand which critical data to replicate to the vault Data: to enable scanning tools to identify anomalies and potential threats Data: to establish ability to identify a clean copy of the data and use it for recovery after an attack 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Experience with IBM Resiliency Orchestration and tools Experience with Cyber data / DR solution with Actifio 8.x+ Experience with RedHat Ansible, Ansible Tower RHEL technologies Experience with Virtualization technologies (Openstack, VMWare, Citrix) Experience with Wintel technologies Experience with Cisco catalyst switch, Juniper vSRX series Experience with Python 3.6.8+ Experience with RO anomaly detection Experience with Tripwire Manager 8.7.2 Experience with Dell Cyber Recovery Solutions and Concepts Experience with AirGap data solutions Experience with Security patch management concepts and tools Experience with service management ITSM integration with cyber-resiliency/cyber-vault Experience with IT risk management Experience with Identity and Access management concepts Experience with network NST for health checking. Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information. Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform design Applied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution. 
ScrapedJobID986:
Strong background in distributed systems security Successful track record of designing and implementing encryption-related technologies Knowledge of security frameworks, encryption standards, coding practices, tools, and exploits Fluent in a strongly typed or functional programming language like Swift, Go, Kotlin or similar Awareness of the established and emerging security threats for application design Experience in the following areas are nice to have, but not required: Crafting and delivering polished project proposals in a variety of communication settings and styles History of building constructive and effective interpersonal relationships with cross-functional teams DevOps tools, processes, and culture Implementing large-scale security solutions and integrations 
ScrapedJobID987:
Acts as a trusted advisor to assigned business/group. Guides/assists in the identification and classification of issues; recommends action plans. Influences and negotiates to achieve business objectives. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Assists in the development of strategic plans. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Researches existing or emerging requirements & related best practices to assist and develops recommendations for changes/enhancements. Assists with the interpretation of new or changing regulations and assessing impacts to the governance frameworks. Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Leads the development and maintenance of the governance system and framework. Supports development and execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Represents the model validation program / portfolio for internal/external regulatory audits and/or examinations. Ensures alignment between stakeholders. Coordinates the management of databases; ensures alignment and integration of data in adherence with data governance standards. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Leads or participates in defining the communication plan designed to positively influence or change behaviour; develops tailored messaging; and identifies appropriate distribution channels. Leads and integrates the monitoring, measurement & reporting on the status of the operational risk governance program to internal & external stakeholders. Leads the management of governance meetings and maintenance of governing body mandates, oversight and approval guidelines. May provide specialized support for other internal and external regulatory requirements. Provides input into the planning and implementation of ongoing operational programs in support of the operational risk framework. Leads/participates in the design, implementation and management of core business/group processes. Administers and maintains operational risk program activities in adherence to all policies, procedures and established processes. Identifies potential risk situations/ impacts, and make recommendations or escalates to the manager, as per guidelines. Develops and maintains in-depth knowledge of business and related risk management requirements and legislative/ regulatory directives and guidance. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders e.g. business stakeholders and Corporate Support Areas (CSAs) in providing ‘second line of defense’ operational risk management support. Analyzes data and information to provide insights and recommendations; includes identification of risk impacts for new processes and workflows related to initiatives. Monitors and tracks performance; addresses any issues. Coordinates and monitors the review and sign-off of attestations and reporting. Maintains tools and templates for operational risk programs (e.g., Risk Control Self Assessment (RCSA), Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) or regulatory compliance), as required. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Business Continuity Planning Experience, DRII Certification a plus Database and Web Programming Skills Excel VBA Macros creation Skills Fusion Risk Management BC Tool Experience a Plus Everbridge Emergency Communication Tool Experience a Plus Metrics and Reporting Experience Project Management Experience (milestones, resources, timelines, budgets) Typically between 5 - 7 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. In-depth knowledge operational risk management practices. In-depth knowledge of the designated business / product portfolio. In-depth knowledge of regulatory requirements. In-depth knowledge of quantitative techniques and economic capital methodologies. In-depth knowledge & experience with risk policy frameworks; quality control / testing frameworks. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID988:

ScrapedJobID989:
Oracle 3900 SBCs, Oracle ECB Asterisk 18 leveraging PJSIP, AMI and ARI Noble Systems, 3CX Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection and Expressways Rightfax (Fax to email and email to Fax solutions) Evoko Tablets Synergysky and Pexip Monitoring Tools: Oracle EOM, Web homer Cisco SPA 504G Phones Polycom VVX phones Cisco ATA 191, SPA 112 Mediatrix 4104, 4104 Plus Gigaset C530IP/C610IP and Yealink W53P Experience with configuration/provisioning of VoIP endpoints from various manufacturers like Cisco, Polycom, Yealink and Snom Cisco 7841, 8841 and Cisco Telepresence solutions DX 80 Design/Implementation/Manage various Tier 1/Tier 2 sip providers from Canada (Bell SIPT), US (Verizon TSO) and Voxbone Support and Maintain VoIP solutions on RHEL 8.3 and Debian 9 based systems Perform advanced troubleshooting tasks for VoIP calls Good understanding of traditional telephony – FXO, FXS interfaces Good understanding on MOS Scores for VoIP Calls Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer to pull VoIP traces and sharing them accordingly with various third party carriers/vendors. Support MDM solution like JAMF Basic SQL queries to run call reports.. Owns key initiatives and drives through completion Occasional travel might be required… Minimum of 3 years' experience (networking and VoIP) required, 5 years preferred Working knowledge of TCP/IP Strong Knowledge of SIP, H323, RTP, SRTP, RTCP Protocols Knowledge of Linux (RHEL, Debian): Security, Bash, TCP/IP, High Availability, Package management (yum, dnf, apt) Experience with Asterisk (AGI, ARI, AMI), Elastix.. Programming skills in bash, php, perl, python Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude, work well in teams A commitment to customer service and great attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications or equivalent work experience DCAP Certification desired CCNA Collaboration Certification Oracle Communications Session Border Certification desired Ability to troubleshoot systems issues in real time, without causing additional downtime. Proven Telecom experience with VoIP protocols. Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer. Excellent communication and customer service skills, including the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Knowledge of UNIX and Linux systems is a plus. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID990:
Gérer l'acquisition de relations informatiques pour l'entreprise. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec la communauté des investisseurs pour définir et synthétiser les domaines d'intérêt, Diriger les négociations contractuelles et commerciales, et gérer la logistique pour la technologie à l'échelle mondiale. Communiquer avec les parties prenantes internes pour déterminer les spécifications et les exigences des produits et services Gérer les initiatives d'acquisition et de sourcing pour le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure informatique Être responsable du suivi et des rapports d'analyse financière des transactions en attente. identifier et évaluer les stratégies technologiques et les feuilles de route pour faciliter un solide pipeline stratégique de sourçage Manage the acquisition of IT relationships for the firm. Work closely with the investment community to define and synthesize areas of interest, Lead contract and commercial negotiations, and manage logistics for Technology globally. Communicate with internal stakeholders to determine specifications and requirements for products and services Manage the acquisition and sourcing initiatives for hardware, software, and IT infrastructure Be responsible for track and reporting financial analysis of pending transactions. Identify and evaluate technology strategies and roadmaps to facilitate a robust strategic sourcing pipeline 
ScrapedJobID991:
Résoudre des problèmes complexes en proposant des solutions adaptées à l’ensemble des besoins de vos partenaires d’affaires. Participer à l’analyse et réaliser des demandes de changement dans un environnement AWS. Travailler avec la méthodologie Scrum pour livrer les priorités du secteur. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d'études collégiales (DEC) ou l’équivalent et 3 années d'expérience; ou Baccalauréat et 1 an d'expérience. Expérience en développement Python. Expérience en devops, souhaitable. Expérience avec AWS, souhaitable 
ScrapedJobID992:
Maintenir plusieurs programmes de vulnérabilité; Identifier et mettre en œuvre l'automatisation chaque fois que possible; Suivre le cycle de vie des vulnérabilités de sécurité; Classer par ordre de priorité les vulnérabilités découvertes ainsi que les calendriers de correction; Assister au processus de correction; Gérer / mettre à jour les outils de GRC; Mettre à jour / implémenter des tableaux de bord et des rapports pour tous les programmes de vulnérabilité; Participer à la collecte, à l’évaluation des indicateurs de menace. Esprit d’analyse et capacité de synthétiser l’information technique provenant de diverses sources; Très grande intégrité personnelle, et capacité de traiter professionnellement des questions confidentielles et de faire preuve d’un excellent jugement et d’une grande maturité; Excellentes aptitudes à communiquer oralement et par écrit, à établir des relations et à influencer les autres; Baccalauréat dans un domaine lié à la technologie ou en informatique, avec spécialisation en télécommunications ou expérience professionnelle équivalente; Bilinguisme en français et en anglais est exigé; Expérience pratique de travail avec l'outil Prisma Cloud; Expérience pratique de déploiement de solutions de sécurité avec au moins l'un des 3 principaux types de cloud AWS, GCP, Azure; Atouts intéressants : Titre professionnel en matière de sécurité (p. ex., CISSP, CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, GPEN); Connaissance de la série de normes ISO 2700x ainsi que des normes ITIL et PCI-DSS; Au moins cinq années d’expérience en sécurité informatique; Expérience avec les outils et méthodologies de vérification de sécurité pour effectuer des évaluations de vulnérabilité et de sécurité des applications (AppScan & Tenable); Capacité d’analyser l’infrastructure des solutions et des technologies à des fins d’identification et d’évaluation des vulnérabilités, des menaces et des risques en matière de sécurité; Résultats et efficacité avérés en ce qui a trait au soutien technique, au dépannage et à l’analyse des applications, à la résolution de problèmes et à l’amélioration de la disponibilité et de la fiabilité du service. Maintain multiple vulnerability programs; Identify & implement automation wherever possible; Track lifecycle of security vulnerabilities; Prioritizing vulnerabilities discovered along with remediation timeline(s); Complete end-to-end VA to remediation support process; Manage/update GRC tools; Update/implement dashboards and reports for all vulnerability programs; Participate collecting, assessing, and cataloging threat indicators; Interaction with multiple global teams (security architecture, penetration testing, application development, network teams, etc.). Think analytically and synthesize technical information from various sources; High level of personal integrity, and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and demonstrate a high level of judgment and maturity; Excellent skills of verbal and written communications, relationship building, and influencing others; Bachelor’s degree in technology-related field, or in computer science with a specialization in telecommunications, or the equivalent work experience; Bilingualism in French and English is required; Hands-on experience working with Prisma Cloud tool; Hands-on experience deploying security solutions with at least one of the 3 major cloud types AWS, Azure, or GCP; Having completed a certification in one of the 3 major cloud types AWS, GCP or Azure; Interesting Assets: A security based professional qualification desirable (e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, GPEN); Knowledge of ISO 2700x, ITIL, and PCI-DSS; Minimum of 5 years professional work experience in information security; Experience with security testing tools and methodologies in conducting vulnerability and application security assessments (AppScan & Tenable); Ability to analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure in order to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks; A track record of results and effectiveness in applications technical support, trouble-shooting and analysis, problem resolution, and service availability and reliability improvement roles. 
ScrapedJobID993:

ScrapedJobID994:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Participer à l’analyse et à la validation des alertes relatives aux incidents potentiels en sécurité pour ce qui a trait aux courriels, à la réseautique, aux pare-feu, à l’Active Directory et à l’antivirus. Appliquer des mises à jour sur ou des méthodes de contournement sur des systèmes à partir d’une procédure établie. Participer à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Participer à la gestion de la quarantaine pour le service de messagerie. Fournir un support de première ligne aux utilisateurs confrontés avec des problèmes liés à l’utilisation des services informatiques. Développer des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches Installer, maintenir et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels_ de réseautiques et de télécommunications Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou d’une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Démontrer une connaissance dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder une connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows et de la programmation PowerShell. Détenir des connaissances générales en lien avec certains concepts de sécurité tels que le modèle CIA, le modèle zéro-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Posséder une connaissance de base en réseautique et dans l’élaboration des règles de pare-feu. Détenir une connaissance du câblage structuré est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base en Linux et dans les outils de tests d’intrusion est un atout. Démontrer des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 22.XX à 30.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé 
ScrapedJobID995:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID996:
Avantages sociaux ; Salaire concurrentiel; Bonus de performance; Infrastructures de pointe; Environnement de travail humain. Point de contact technique pour les utilisateurs finaux et les parties prenantes concernant les problèmes et demandes de renseignements sur le réseau et l'infrastructure ; Travaille en étroite collaboration avec les chefs de projet, les développeurs et les analystes de système, assure la surveillance ainsi que le dépannage et la résolution des problèmes prioritaires, assurant la propriété, l'escalade et la communication du début à la résolution finale. Suivre les procédures d'exploitation standard pour maintenir le système mis à jour selon les priorités établies par les analystes de sécurité ; Surveiller le tableau de bord d'évaluation des vulnérabilités et identifier tous les risques ou dispositifs supplémentaires qui nécessitent une enquête et des actions supplémentaires Complète les résolutions des journaux par priorité ; Gérer et escalader le backlog ; Assure les meilleures pratiques et des conseils sur la gestion des incidents et la résolution des problèmes ; Surveiller la santé globale du réseau et de l'infrastructure (performances et temps de disponibilité) des environnements de production, de pré-production et de test du Cloud ; Effectuer des changements et des mises à niveau de configuration système de routine pour les opérations, les projets ou les besoins de sécurité ; Prend en charge les composants du réseau et agit en tant que membre de l'équipe de soutien (niveau 3) si nécessaire ; Peut faire partie du calendrier de rotation sur appel, en assurant la disponibilité au besoin les nuits de travail et les fins de semaine pendant les périodes de maintenance, les interruptions de service critiques ou les livraisons de projets. Diplôme d'études collégiales en technologies de réseau ou certifications réseau Expérience de plus de 2 ans d'expérience professionnelle pertinente dans un environnement d'entreprise multi-sites prenant en charge une infrastructure à l'échelle de l'entreprise (centres de données, virtualisation, stockage central, réseaux locaux, SD-WAN, WLAN, sans fil, VPN et pratiques de sécurité) Connaissances de base de l'infrastructure cloud Solide connaissance de l'infrastructure réseau Connaissance des concepts de sécurité connaissance des langages de script ou de programmation 
ScrapedJobID997:
Develop functioning prototype systems in a non-production environment. Design substation edge networks. Document standards for substation edge networks. Develop design templates. Stage and pre-configure equipment including interconnectivity to Cisco FMC, and Cisco IDN. Support assembly of installation kits, ensuring these are sent to and received by installation contractors, and provide remote support from Edmonds to installers in the field. Develop, maintain, update, and extend telecom engineering scripts and applications to support design and provisioning processes for the Telecommunications Engineering department. 6 years of working experience in IT security supporting the environments listed under Education and Skills, supplemented with relevant product training, or equivalent. Must Haves at least four (4) years experience with Cisco firewalls, for example: ISA3000 firewall, Cisco Industrial Switches including IE3400, Cisco network management tools including Firewall Management Centre. Prior experience with Cisco ISA3000 firewall, Cisco Industrial Switches including IE3400, Cisco network management tools including Firewall Management Centre, and Industrial Network Director an asset. As well as prior experience with substation networking and firewalls. Assets: Experience with Industrial Network Director As well as prior experience with substation networking and firewalls Education and Skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or equivalent Expert technical skills in the following areas: ArcSight ESM ConAPP Cisco Prime Infrastructure Cisco IOS, ASA Cariden Mate Design Rugged NMS Alcatel SAM/CPAM Service Portal Express Splunk Enterprise SolarWinds including NTA, NPM, VoIP and Network Quality Manager modules SNMP SQL Server Admin Scripting (Perl, Shell) Alcatel 7705, 7750 Router Configuration LDAP Microsoft Active Directory Excellent technical skills in advanced network and systems technologies including firewalls, IPSEC, SNMPv3, Syslog, AAA, and TCP/IP Routing Advanced skills in MS Office (Word, Excel, Visio, and Access) Excellent communication skills for professional environment, written and spoken Client requires proof of Covid-19 vaccination to access job site. Providing proof of vaccination is a condition of employment with Ian Martin” for this opportunity Candidate will be required to work out of the office at least 3 days per week Local candidates only. 
ScrapedJobID998:
Degree/Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 4+ years of Information Security experience, ideally within a software company, adhering to security compliance efforts Technical background in areas such as system infrastructure, SysOps/SecOps, etc. ideally within both Windows and Linux environments Experience with security compliance standards such as SOC2 and/or ISO27001 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID999:
Work under the guidance of the Coast Capital Savings management team to ensure alignment with the strategic corporate directives Work with enterprise architecture, enterprise project management office, and procurement teams to engage in proof of concept technology testing cycles, develop system test plans, and provide guidance on hardware and software configurations. Work with the enterprise architecture and procurement teams to creating and maintaining technology standards and configuration standards for Coast Capital Savings. Maintain up to date knowledge on enterprise technologies used in the financial and information technology sectors Document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies, as well as review vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness. Team members are required to create and maintain all documented workflows, standard operating procedures, designs, operational training, incident management, trouble shooting, lesson learned and change management documents in accordance with client's Information Technology procedures and policies. Provide integration, automation and lifecycle management to all platforms including enterprise class: servers, storage, converged devices, hyper converged services, interfaces, firewalls, load balancers, networking interconnects, security devices, encryption devices, monitoring technologies, automation/configuration solutions, and backup and recovery technologies. Perform regular maintenance and upgrades to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure optimized performance and compliancy to security standards Work with Business Continuity Planning and Architecture teams to create designs for backup and recovery services for all cloud and platform solutions to meet business defined disaster recovery objectives, responsible to implement, provide test plans and test schedules annually to meet regulatory requirements. Team members rotate as primary and secondary on-call for critical support to CCS’s cloud and platform solutions on a 7/24/365 basis. During emergency situations team members may be recalled to work at any time to meet the defined Business Continuance Plan and Disaster Recovery plans service level agreements. Provide health, performance, and alert monitoring services to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure a high quality systems integrity. To provide subject matter expertise during the planning phase of projects, to ensure all functional and non-functional technology requirements are met, as well as assist with multi-year scalability/capacity and Disaster Recovery planning. To document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies on behalf of the project, also to review all vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness To provide subject matter expertise during the execution phase to ensure integration, automation and orchestration of new systems are completed on schedule To provide subject matter expertise during closing phase to ensure service transition documentation for hand-off to operations personnel for ongoing maintenance and support is completed. Implement and manage all cloud services and platforms to comply with CCS ITG security procedures and policies Coast Capital Savings has geographically dispersed offices, with regionally located teams. Team members will need to be are required to effectively collaborate and support all levels of the organization using technologies such as Business Skype, video conferencing, WebEx. May require travel for onsite meetings from time to time. Experience with DevOps tools including Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Kubernetes , Docker, and Git Strong knowledge and experience with Amazon ECS & EKS Strong knowledge of Amazon Web Services Architecture, System and Security Operations (Designing, building, deploying, testing) Working experience with AWS technologies, including EC2, S3, VPC, and lambda. Working experience with automated AWS deployments using CloudFormation or Terraform Working knowledge of Microsoft Infrastructure services including AD, DNS, SCCM, and PKI Ability to script with modern languages including Powershell, Bash, or Python Proficient with Bimodal (agile and waterfall) IT service delivery methodologies Strong interpersonal and communication skills to be a part of and support cross-functional teams, as well as the ability to speak to all levels of the company. Strong technical documentation, process documentation and design skills, ability to provide instruction on new workflows to cross-functional team members. Strong trouble shooting skills to be able to quickly analyze and resolve problems associated with banking service interruptions and focus on immediate return to service to maintain a high level end user experience. Exceptional time management and organizational skills with attention to detail Highly motivated and self-driven, capable of working with little instruction to resolve demanding tasks, with tight deadlines, as well as work with internal teams. Having a team player attitude with enthusiasm to engage in and support organizational activities. 
ScrapedJobID1000:
Effectively manage a team of Security Operations staff in delivering Cloud Native Security Services to clients. Engage with clients throughout the lifecycle of the project to provide consulting for services, processes and policies and ensure compliance of objectives as defined in SLAs. Establish and sustain long-term relationships with top decision makers at key clients. Ensure compliance of all procedures with the Change Management Process put up in place. Demonstrate effective project management skills. Must be able to proactively drive and manage multiple tasks and timelines independently and as a team. Knowledge of and experience with current and emerging cloud native security platforms. Thorough understanding of M365/Azure Cloud Native Services such as MCAS, O365 DLP, ATP, Defender, Sentinel, etc. Knowledge and experience in M365/Azure domains – Compliance, Identity and Access, Threat and Vulnerability, Network and Application security. Ability to work with L1/L2 team to build in ability to rapidly detect, contain, investigate, remediate, and recover from security incidents. Ability to prioritize and escalate risks to the senior leadership based on the procedures put up in place. Proven ability to review and comment on complex contracts and to provide direction on the risk involved and how to mitigate the risk as well as providing strategic direction to both internal resources and external clients and to have direct contract negotiation experience. Ensure project objectives are met within the given deadlines and threats are remediated according to their severity levels. Must be able to work effectively at a management level – i.e., establish credibility and authority with Firm leadership and client counterparts and work collaboratively to achieve quality objectives. Effectively communicate to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including developers, technical leads, peer architects, delivery owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc. Prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time. Technical degree: Computer Science or related. Five or more years of relevant experience in a related role with at least 2 years at the management level and managing a team. Two or more years in designing and implementing Cloud Security Solutions. One or more years of experience using any CSPM solution. Azure Solutions Architect Expert Azure Security Engineer Associate M365 Certified: Security Administrator Associate M365 Certified: Enterprise Administrator Expert CISSP CCSP You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1001:
Must have 5+ years of experience working in Agile development, application security, orDevOps role, with experience in the following technologies:
Containers (Docker, Kubernetes, or similar)
Infrastructure as code (Vagrant, Docker, Ansible, Chef, Terraform, or similar)
Continuous integration (Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson, or similar.)
Integration of Security testing tools into pipeline
Defect tracking (Jira, Bugzilla, ServiceNow , or similar.)
Source code management (GitLab, GitHub, BitBucket, or similar.)
QA Testing tools (nUnit, jUnit, Selenium, Cucumber, or similar.)
Application security testing tools (SAST, DAST, IAST, OSA, or similar.)
Cloud environment (GCP, AWS, Azure,or similar) Containers (Docker, Kubernetes, or similar) Infrastructure as code (Vagrant, Docker, Ansible, Chef, Terraform, or similar) Continuous integration (Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson, or similar.) Integration of Security testing tools into pipeline Defect tracking (Jira, Bugzilla, ServiceNow , or similar.) Source code management (GitLab, GitHub, BitBucket, or similar.) QA Testing tools (nUnit, jUnit, Selenium, Cucumber, or similar.) Application security testing tools (SAST, DAST, IAST, OSA, or similar.) Cloud environment (GCP, AWS, Azure,or similar) Must have 3+ years of experience in all of the following:
Developing enterprise applications or scripts (writing code)
Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to different CI/CD systems and leverage them for automation as needed
Performing manual application penetration testing
Performing manual security code reviews Developing enterprise applications or scripts (writing code) Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to different CI/CD systems and leverage them for automation as needed Performing manual application penetration testing Performing manual security code reviews Must hold or obtain within one year of hire or promotion one of the following certifications: CISM, GIAC, Open Group Certified Architect, CEH, CISSP. A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Provide technical leadership with respect to the development and execution of our key application security service offerings, including: conducting assessments of applications (web, cloud, mobile) using range of manual and automated penetration testing and source code review techniques; performing security architecture reviews of applications in design and production phases; identifying potential threats and attacks to applications systems through threat modeling; identifying security recommendations and aligning them to appropriate risk ranking systems; evaluating, developing; conducting the above with a specific focus on DevSecOps. Use current technology and tools to enhance the effectiveness of deliverables and services. 
ScrapedJobID1002:
Planifier et mener des missions de conseil en sécurité de l'information, notamment :
Analyser les exigences, concevoir et développer des politiques et des normes de sécurité.
Concevoir, développer la mise en œuvre d'initiatives de système de gestion de la sécurité de l'information telles que la gouvernance de la sécurité et la définition de la stratégie, la réponse aux incidents de sécurité et les plans de gestion et la sensibilisation à la sécurité.
Effectuer une évaluation de la posture de cybersécurité.
Réalisation d'évaluations des menaces de sécurité. Analyser les exigences, concevoir et développer des politiques et des normes de sécurité. Concevoir, développer la mise en œuvre d'initiatives de système de gestion de la sécurité de l'information telles que la gouvernance de la sécurité et la définition de la stratégie, la réponse aux incidents de sécurité et les plans de gestion et la sensibilisation à la sécurité. Effectuer une évaluation de la posture de cybersécurité. Réalisation d'évaluations des menaces de sécurité. Connaissances opérationnelles et expérience pratique de la mise en œuvre des normes de meilleures pratiques telles que ISO 27000, COBIT, NIST, PCI DSS, GDPR et d'autres cadres de contrôle de sécurité. Travailler directement avec les clients, à la fois pour développer des plans de travail et exécuter des missions de conseil. Engager les clients dans des ateliers, des entretiens, des enquêtes et la collecte de données pour effectuer des évaluations. Aisance à fournir une sensibilisation à la sécurité aux clients. +3 ans de conseil en sécurité de l'information, ou services connexes, avec une solide expérience technique Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans une discipline connexe CISSP, CGEIT, CRISC, CBCP Bilingue, excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite en anglais et en français Solide expérience dans la gestion des risques d'entreprise, les politiques et contrôles de sécurité, et la stratégie et l'architecture de sécurité de l'information Solide expérience des méthodes et outils de test de sécurité technique Expérience en systèmes et réseaux de technologie de l'information Des déplacements peuvent être nécessaires Plan and conduct information security consulting engagements, including: Analyzing the requirements for, designing, and developing security policies and standards Designing, developing implementing information security management system initiatives such as security governance and strategy setting, security incident response and handling plans and security awareness Performing cyber security posture assessment. Performing security threat assessments Operational knowledge and hands on experience implementing best practices standards such as ISO 27000, COBIT, NIST, PCI DSS, GDPR and other security control frameworks Work directly with customers, both to develop work plans and executing consulting engagements Engage clients in workshops, interviews, surveys, and data collection to perform assessments Comfortable delivering security awareness to clients Develop deliverables in accordance with work plans developed collaboratively with clients Work with the Project Managers to produce status reports and manage your time within the defined effort and duration project plans Participate in pre-sales discussion with clients when scoping projects and developing proposal Perform technical reviews of proposals and RFP responses +3 years of information security consulting, or related services, with a strong technical background Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline CISSP, CGEIT, CRISC, CBCP Bilingual, excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and French Strong experience in enterprise risk management, security policies and controls, and information security strategy and architecture Strong experience in technical security testing methods and tools Background in Information Technology systems and networks Travel may be required 
ScrapedJobID1003:
Platform: to protect the clients most critical data by isolating it from their operational backup environment Platform: to isolate the network with limited replication windows Data: to understand which critical data to replicate to the vault Data: to enable scanning tools to identify anomalies and potential threats Data: to establish ability to identify a clean copy of the data and use it for recovery after an attack 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Experience with IBM Resiliency Orchestration and tools Experience with Cyber data / DR solution with Actifio 8.x+ Experience with RedHat Ansible, Ansible Tower RHEL technologies Experience with Virtualization technologies (Openstack, VMWare, Citrix) Experience with Wintel technologies Experience with Cisco catalyst switch, Juniper vSRX series Experience with Python 3.6.8+ Experience with RO anomaly detection Experience with Tripwire Manager 8.7.2 Experience with Dell Cyber Recovery Solutions and Concepts Experience with AirGap data solutions Experience with Security patch management concepts and tools Experience with service management ITSM integration with cyber-resiliency/cyber-vault Experience with IT risk management Experience with Identity and Access management concepts Experience with network NST for health checking. Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information. Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform design Applied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution. 
ScrapedJobID1004:
Competitive pay rate Monday to Friday, shift times may vary Term contract with opportunity of permanency Delivers expertise in Office 365 with an emphasis in security, architectural design, migration, management, and support of implementations. Provides overall Office 365 security expertise, including solid knowledge of Azure Active Directory, Azure AD Connect, Azure Information Protection, Information Rights Management, single sign-on (SSO) and multi-factor authentication (MFA), and related technologies (including Microsoft Enterprise Mobility + Security) Drives Office 365 security adoption and technical effort to enable Azure Information Protection Provides Office 365 security expertise on Data loss prevention controls Design and implement secure collaboration for internal and external users using Microsoft product suite Stays current of all Office 365 services, including changes & updates, roadmap & releases, and third-party solutions. Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, information technology, or equivalent Advanced knowledge of integrating Identity and Access Management solutions Experience as an O365 Security and Compliance Administrator and Compliance Manager Experience with Active Directory Domain Services (ADDS), Active Directory Certificate Services (ADCS), Active Directory Federated Services (ADFS), and Windows AD-integrated PKI Experience in O365 AAD connect and Azure AD, O365 security hardening 
ScrapedJobID1005:
Provisioning VPN Token provisioning Utilize troubleshooting skills to understand systems issues and the potential root causes Demonstrate effective communication skills, and present improvement ideas up to Director level Understand how the Banks risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Follow established processes Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Complete work / tasks, as assigned 2-4 years’ experience required Strong experience and detailed technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security Consistent implementation of security solutions Experience in infrastructure or application-level vulnerability testing and auditing Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Strong organizational skills to keep up with fast-paced work environment and efficiently meet project targets Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Knowledge of MS Office (Excel) for spreadsheet creation Previous VPN provisioning experience 
ScrapedJobID1006:
Security Program Development and annual SOC 2 reporting Application Security Customer-Facing Security (pre-sales and due diligence) Develop, implement and monitor a strategic, comprehensive enterprise information security, and risk program. This program should foster a shared responsibility model of security culture, adhere to relevant customer obligations, regulations and legislation, and align with business requirements Understand and interact with peers to ensure the consistent application of policies and standards across all technology projects, systems and services Establish metrics to define the success of all security based programs Develop and enhance information security management framework Advise and brief senior leadership on risks, strategic enhancements, regulatory compliance measures, and information security solutions Perform security assessments of production, corporate and cloud infrastructures Develop and maintain a Privacy and Security Awareness program for employees, consisting of training, internal security policies, and processes Define and implement an IT security assessment program (penetration tests, threat analyses, etc) Lead the implementation of security tools and processes, providing both leadership and the employee base with hands-on guidance as needed Track and triage relevant information security incidents and events to protect customer data, corporate assets, intellectual property, and regulated data Conduct investigations after breaches or incidents, including impact analysis and recommendations for avoiding similar vulnerabilities Participate and offer guidance in business continuity planning and disaster recovery, leading readiness exercises and other related initiatives Supplier security/risk assessments Enhance our approach to quality through training, mentorship, and coaching to promote secure code, secure design solutions in the cloud, and a trusted user experience Facilitate security due diligence activities throughout the SDLC, ensuring risks are identified and controls are implemented Strategically implement tools designed to detect code vulnerabilities Periodically organize security and vulnerability testing of our products and systems Assist in defining a network security strategy Build and maintain network access control policies, automation controls, and monitoring systems Define processes and controls to identify, assess, and track to closure, identified risks and security incidents Define processes and controls for the operations team to safely execute their function Lead the completion and maintenance of required and recommended certifications and compliances Coordinate and respond to inquiries from customers and regulatory bodies Opportunity to join a fast-growing Fintech startup experiencing hyper-growth Working every day at a company where your voice is valued and given importance Work with shiny happy people Competitive base salary with bonus Comprehensive healthcare benefits and vacation package Flexible hours, 3 days per week working from home before Covid-19. During the pandemic, we are 100% remote Experience Fintech without seeing people with ties and grey suits Mac or Windows: choose what suits you Paid time off Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1007:
Very good understanding & hands-on Routing, switching and firewall Should be able to handle end user connectivity issues Should be having a knowledge of SDWAN Should be having a knowledge of ACI (Cisco) switches. Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1008:
A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; 8h day schedule; Vacation: 3 weeks upon hiring; Bonus: 5% of annual salary (if we reach our objectives); RRSP; Group insurance (complete range: vision, medication, life insurance, long-term disability, dental option); Free parking; Cafeteria inside the facility. Free products every 2-3 months or so + possibility to buy them; Referral bonus of $1,000 after 3-6-9 months Performs on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop issues for end-users; this includes software, hardware and peripherals support; Recommends and implements corrective solutions, for onsite and offsite users; Liaise with other IT groups within the organization or third-party support and PC equipment vendors; Installs, configures, tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end-user desktop hardware, software, and network peripheral devices and cabling; Responds to tickets assigned by the Help Desk system (Manage Engine Service Desk) and see to their completion. These tickets will come from users as well as other IT Teams; Liaises with desktop end users to provide training and support on all issues; Performs systems asset management, including maintenance of desktop and network device inventory; Participate in identifying infrastructure related issues; Sees to the application of corporate and local policies as well as the kdc/one IT Security Guidelines; Collaborate with the Systems Administrators (level 2-3 support) in optimizing the network management and supports the implementation of desktop and infrastructure projects; Performs other duties as assigned. DEC in computer science or BAC + 2 to BAC + 5; Minimum of 3 years of experience in IT support; Excellent technical knowledge of PC and office equipment including business desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, etc. ; Experience in supporting and troubleshooting hardware, systems and applications; Experience in supporting Microsoft Windows applications and the Microsoft Office 365 collaborative suite; Working technical knowledge of current protocols, operating systems and standards; Ability to use tools, components and peripheral accessories; Able to read and understand technical manuals, procedural documentation and guides; Fluency in French and English, both written and oral; Experience in an industrial environment (an asset); Knowledge of ITIL (an asset). Strong “customer service” orientation; Analytical and problem-solving skills, with particular attention to detail; Strong communication skills - ability to present ideas in friendly language; Well organized, methodical and good time management; Motivated and results oriented, with the ability to prioritize and execute tasks effectively in a high-pressure environment; Ability to learn quickly; Able to adapt and work in a constantly changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID1009:
Function as a Data Protection subject matter expertise in data protection related areas such as Data Discovery, Data Classification and Tagging, Data Loss Prevention, Data Anonymization, Deletion, Encryption, etc. Understand process and materials related to data discovery, DLP, anonymization and deletion. Knowledge on data protection capabilities offered by cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS and GCP. Project delivery, as required by the scope of specific client engagements, which includes Assessment/Strategy through to the Design, Implementation and Optimisation of data protection, data privacy principles and regulatory environment solutions and products. Engagement management, including project planning, budget management, and resource management. Business development activities throughout the entire opportunity lifecycle, including lead generation, opportunity tracking, pre-sales presentations, technical demos, client & engagement risk assessments, bid management, proposal writing, and contract management. Practice development, including work on delivery methodology, training, and sales and marketing materials. Multitasking on multiple projects and tasks with contending priorities in a fast-paced environment. Working with other Cybersecurity & Privacy teams on non-data protection projects as required. Coach and train new and/or more junior team members to become an integral part of the Data Protection team, Cybersecurity & Privacy Consulting practice and PwC family. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work. A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives. Ability to be recognized as the subject matter specialist in data protection when our client requires. Industry Certifications (CISSP, CIPP, CCSP, PMP, etc.) would be an asset. Experience working on data protection capabilities within Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) would be an asset. Demonstrates experience providing technical guidance for designing, testing, and implementing two or more of the following data protection capabilities:
Data Loss Prevention
Data Discovery
Data Anonymization / Deletion
Data Classification and Tagging
Encryption / Tokenization Data Loss Prevention Data Discovery Data Anonymization / Deletion Data Classification and Tagging Encryption / Tokenization Practical experience with conducting risk assessments and testing of data protection and privacy controls. Industry-specific compliance/regulatory experience (e.g. banking, fintech, life sciences, telecommunications, etc.) is a plus. Solid oral and written communication skills. Be able to present findings and recommendations from security assessments to senior leadership including VPs, CISO, CIO, and other C-Suite stakeholders. Experience working with SIEM solutions, and log-ingestion and analysis for insider threat and CSOC would be an asset. Demonstrates capability to interact with end users to understand and document business and functional requirements, and drive technical tasks across the implementation and operationalization of data protection solutions. Ability to architect, implement and integrate solutions that provide various data protection capabilities for enterprises. 
ScrapedJobID1010:
Resiliency Strategy and Vision for the “always on” model Organization resiliency for keeping pace with organization changes Process resiliency for orchestration and business process availability Application resiliency for the “active-active” uptime of systems Data resiliency for the protection and availability of corporate data IT Infra resiliency for recovery, BC, DR, HA Facility resiliency for prime and alternative work areas and will be inspired by the opportunity to work in a team to develop new processes and technologies to overcome these challenges. assesss risks to identify unacceptable physical threats, potential problem areas, or risks that could impact business operations, and to define preventive actions (not only remedies) or risk transfer alternatives identify business impacts to define the financial and operational impact of a disaster, to quantify requirements for recovery time frames and data integrity, and to prioritize the recovery sequence of business functions develop resiliency strategy and roadmap to define feasible recovery alternatives for an organization and to identify the optimum recovery strategy based on a cost/benefit analysis, addressing each major component in your environment: Workplace, Call Center (voice/telephony), Network, and DataCenter develop business continuity and resiliency plans to describe the tasks that users have to execute to respond to a disaster situation and to be able to perform vital business functions for return to normal operations and/or to create a comprehensive guideline for managing a disaster which affects the organization’s IT environment, telephony, and facilities to respond to a disaster situation 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform designApplied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Cyber Security resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution 
ScrapedJobID1011:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Participer à l’analyse et à la validation des alertes relatives aux incidents potentiels en sécurité pour ce qui a trait aux courriels, à la réseautique, aux pare-feu, à l’Active Directory et à l’antivirus. Appliquer des mises à jour sur ou des méthodes de contournement sur des systèmes à partir d’une procédure établie. Participer à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Participer à la gestion de la quarantaine pour le service de messagerie. Fournir un support de première ligne aux utilisateurs confrontés avec des problèmes liés à l’utilisation des services informatiques. Développer des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches Installer, maintenir et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels_ de réseautiques et de télécommunications Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou d’une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Démontrer une connaissance dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder une connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows et de la programmation PowerShell. Détenir des connaissances générales en lien avec certains concepts de sécurité tels que le modèle CIA, le modèle zéro-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Posséder une connaissance de base en réseautique et dans l’élaboration des règles de pare-feu. Détenir une connaissance du câblage structuré est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base en Linux et dans les outils de tests d’intrusion est un atout. Démontrer des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 22.XX à 30.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé 
ScrapedJobID1012:
Agir à titre de responsable dans le cadre de projets, de mandats et d’activités de développement spécifiques à votre domaine de spécialité et dont l’envergure et les impacts sont importants pour l’entreprise et dont la portée peut être au niveau du Mouvement Conseiller et accompagner votre clientèle et vos partenaires dans le positionnement, la planification, le développement, le choix de solutions appropriées, la réalisation et les suivis relatifs à divers projets et mandats stratégiques sous votre responsabilité Cibler et analyser des problématiques et des enjeux de taille. Établir des diagnostics et faire des recommandations aux instances concernées Représenter la position dans le cadre d’ententes auprès de partenaires ou d’organismes externes. Être le gardien de la sécurité du respect des exigences et mesures de sécurité dans la livraison des projets TI. Travailler étroitement avec les Architecture Solution Intégration pour l'identification, la mise en place et le suivi des exigences de sécurité dans les projets Prendre en charge la documentation itérative des exigences et mesures de sécurité applicables aux projets en collaboration avec les architectes. Effectuer la reddition de compte de l'ensemble de la posture sécurité de projets, d'applications et des risques de sécurité auprès des instances exécutives Planifier, rédiger et présenter des analyses de risques de sécurité projets Avoir une vue et une maîtrise sur l'ensemble des activités de sécurité de son escouade de sécurité : Analyse de risque, posture sécurité des projets et des applications Prendre action avec le secteur lorsqu'un projet est en écart pour trouver une solution efficace et redresser la posture de sécurité 
ScrapedJobID1013:
Supervision des ingénieurs de quart, des techniciens et des membres de l'équipe de maintenance. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec toutes les équipes de soutien sur une base quotidienne pour assurer la direction de la main-d'oeuvre et les activités d'ingénierie planifiées pour soutenir pleinement les opérations. L'évaluation des compétences de l'équipe d'ingénierie et l'aide à l'amélioration et à la formation du personnel, y compris l'intégration de la maintenance de première ligne de l'usine et de l'équipement. Gestion et développement des processus du département, y compris les transferts d'équipes, les briefings et les rapports/résolutions de défauts. Rapports et suivi de la saisie des données pour les activités d'automatisation et de maintenance. Capacité à diriger de l'avant, à assurer la précision du rythme et des normes. Vous devez être familier et compétent avec l'ingénierie mécanique ou électrique pour permettre la prise de décision. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans la gestion d'une équipe de quart dans un environnement automatisé. Un baccalauréat en électricité et/ou mécanique de préférence. Une bonne capacité technique relative au matériel et au logiciel d'automatisation. Une bonne organisation et la capacité de planifier et de prioriser - un bon sens du détail, une bonne résolution de problèmes. Connaissance des systèmes MHE de préférence Excellentes compétences verbales et écrites en anglais et en français Expérience de travail avec des systèmes informatisés de gestion de la maintenance. Supervision of shift engineers, technicians, and maintenance shift members Working closely with all support teams on a daily basis to ensure direction of labor, and planned engineering activities fully support operation. Assessment of engineering team skills and assisting in upskilling and training of staff, including integration of first line maintenance of plant and equipment. Management and development of department processes; including shift handovers, briefs, and defect reporting/resolving Reporting and monitoring of data capture for automation and maintenance activities Ability to lead from the front, driving pace accuracy and standards. Must be familiar and competent with either mechanical or electrical engineering to enable decision making. A minimum of 5 years' experience managing a shift team within an automated environment. A bachelor's degree in electrical and/or mechanical preferred. Good technical ability relating to automation hardware and software. Well organized and the ability to plan and prioritize- good eye for detail, good problem solving Knowledge of MHE systems preferred Excellent verbal and written English & French skills Experience of working with computerized maintenance management systems. 
ScrapedJobID1014:
10+ years experience in energy or commodity markets University Degree in relevant discipline In depth knowledge of Experience in Power, Gas or Emissions trading desks Front/middle/back office business processes, Market standards and regulatory requirements Ability to think strategically, have short- and long-term views, and have a business focus Strong communication and presentation skills Intrinsic desire to understand the “why” behind each problem Strong organizational skills Preferred Energy Trading and Risk Management (ETRM) software experience beneficial Experience working with complementary software and or integrations, such as exchanges and ISOs, market data providers, and ERPs Understanding of technical architecture, frameworks, and database Experience in both physical and financial trading of energy commodities Client requires proof of Covid-19 vaccination to access job site. Providing proof of vaccination is a condition of employment with Ian Martin” for this opportunity. 
ScrapedJobID1015:
Perform audit work in an optimal manner while meeting the deadlines and adhering to the budgets established in the planning phase; Communicate constantly with the senior advisor or manager responsible for the mandates; Document, in a clear and concise manner, the audit evidence obtained when performing audit work and validate its relevance and quality; Perform analyses of the impacts of control deficiencies on the financial data and the overall audit strategy; Build and maintain collaborative relationships within the department and with clients; Actively monitor external trends in IT, remote access functionalities, authentication mechanisms, threat and risk assessments, penetration testing and vulnerability assessments, and acquire knowledge on these subjects; Seize business development opportunities in order to offer the services of other departments to our clients as well as offer our services to potential new clients. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives Some experience in auditing IT general controls or in audit is considered an asset A university-level education or relevant experience in IT or accounting Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) certification, or work towards it, is considered an asset Professional accreditations in IT, audit and risk management, such as the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT), Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC) and Certification in Risk Management Assurance (CRMA) accreditations, are considered assets Good knowledge of IT technologies, practices and standards, security and IT infrastructure risks and controls, and IT control frameworks is considered an asset Experience in data analysis using ACL, Idea, Python, Alterix, QlikSense, Tableau or other relevant tools is considered an asset Experience in analyzing IT risks and internal controls, including in establishing control objectives and the control procedures to be implemented, is considered an asset Experience in analyzing the impacts of IT risks and internal controls on the financial, strategic and operational objectives of organizations is considered an asset Knowledge and experience in the following areas are considered assets: Audits of IT general controls and IT Security; auditing systems under development or being implemented; Control frameworks, including the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) and Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology (COBIT); IT and network security; Applications, databases and operating systems, in particular SAP, Oracle, JDE, SQL, Windows and UNIX; and Audit practices and standards Proven ability to accomplish multiple tasks in a dynamic and fast-paced environment Recognized superior analytical, conceptual and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently or as part of a team Ability to set priorities and solve problems Bilingual proficiency in French and English; Fluency in a third language, including, but not limited to, Italian, Mandarin or Hebrew is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1016:
Assurer que les considérations de risques sont abordées à chaque phase du cycle de vie du développement et déploiement d’un système; Evaluer la posture en termes de risque d’une ou de plusieurs unités d’affaires; Produire, maintenir et communiquer des indicateurs (progression, performance, risque, etc); Proposer des solutions de manière proactive pour réduire le risque de futures failles; Recommander des mesures de sécurité dans les applications et les composants d’infrastructure en exerçant un jugement dans le cadre des politiques existantes et des bonnes pratiques de l’industrie; Collaborer avec plusieurs intervenants clés (architectes TI, analystes, BISO, Risques TI et bien sûr nos différentes lignes d'affaires) Baccalauréat complété, connexe au secteur d'activité, et cinq (5) à dix (10) années d'expérience pertinente; Minimum de trois (2) à cinq (5) années d’expérience en sécurité de l'information (authentification, autorisation, contrôle d'accès, audit, cryptographie, etc.); Bonne connaissance des processus d’intégration des évaluations de sécurité dans le processus de cycle de vie des services d’entreprises (Serveurs, postes de travail, applications, composants réseaux, etc); Sens du collectif, aisance relationnelle, bonne communication et orienté service client; Habileté à vulgariser le risque et effectuer des présentations à différents auditoires (techniques, métiers…). Certifications professionnelles (CISSP, AWS, CISM, CISA, CRISC, GIAC ou autres certifications équivalentes); Expérience dans une grande organisation complexe (exemple : secteur bancaire) ; Connaissance des tendances du marché en cybersécurité, curiosité et sens de l'initiative. Programme santé et bien-être incluant de nombreux avantages Assurance collective flexible Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées Régime d’acquisition d’actions Programme d’aide aux employés et à leur famille Services bancaires préférentiels Programme d’implication dans la communauté Télémédecine Clinique virtuelle d’amélioration du sommeil 
ScrapedJobID1017:
Développer, concevoir, analyser et recommander des solutions techniques dans les systèmes de sécurité informatique. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes informatiques internes et les fournisseurs informatiques pour les projets de sécurité et l'intégration des applications cloud et on-prime avec Microsoft AD, la gestion des points d'extrémité, la gestion des identités. Vérifier la sécurité des fournisseurs tiers et collaborer avec eux pour répondre aux exigences de sécurité. Mettre à niveau les systèmes pour activer les logiciels de sécurité. Installer les mesures de sécurité et exploiter les logiciels. Participer au dépistage, à la recherche, à la définition et à la résolution des problèmes de sécurité informatique et apporter un soutien aux techniciens et aux analystes informatiques pour la résolution des problèmes. Établir des normes et des meilleures pratiques en matière de sécurité informatique pour les applications sur site et dans le nuage. Développer, corriger, rédiger, diffuser et maintenir la documentation technique, les politiques, les références et les procédures (base de connaissances) ; Réaliser des évaluations de sécurité par le biais de tests de pénétration, de tests de vulnérabilité et d'analyses de risques. Analyser les brèches de sécurité pour en identifier la cause profonde. Tester et évaluer les nouvelles technologies. Baccalauréat en informatique ou équivalent. Minimum de cinq (5) ans d'expérience dans un rôle similaire, dont trois (3) ans en sécurité informatique. Bilingue (français et anglais). Forte connaissance des outils de sécurité Microsoft (Windows defender, Multi-Factor authentication, ATP,..). Forte connaissance de l'outil de gestion des points d'extrémité de Microsoft (Intune). Connaissance de l'environnement Azure. Connaissance dans le domaine des réseaux informatiques et des protocoles de routage (BGP,EIGRP, OSPF,..). Bon sens de l'organisation et de la gestion des priorités. Faire preuve d'un haut degré d'initiative, d'un esprit d'équipe et de compétences interpersonnelles. Aimer le contact avec les gens et avoir une attitude professionnelle. Capacité à communiquer des solutions techniques aux cadres supérieurs. Develops, designs, analyzes, and recommends technical solutions in IT Security systems. Work closely with internal IT teams and IT vendors for security projects and integration of cloud and on-prime applications with Microsoft AD, end points management, identity management, … Verify the security of third-party vendors and collaborating with them to meet security requirements. Upgrade systems to enable security software. Install security measures and operate software. Assists in screening, research, definition and resolution of IT security problems and provide a support to technicians and IT Analysts for the problem resolutions. Establish standards and best practices in terms of IT security for applications on-prime and in the cloud. Develop, correct, write, disseminate and maintain technical documentation, policies, references and procedures (knowledge base); Conducting security assessments through penetration testing, vulnerability testing and risk analysis. Analyse security breaches to identify the root cause. Test and evaluate new technology. Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent. Minimum of five (5) years of experience in similar role, including three (3) years in IT Security. Bilingual (French and English). Strong knowledge of Microsoft security tools (Windows defender, Multi-Factor authentication, ATP,..). Strong knowledge of Microsoft end point management tool (Intune). Knowledge of the Azure environment. Knowledge in the field of computer networks and routing protocols (BGP,EIGRP, OSPF, etc.). Good organizational skills and priority management skills. Demonstrate a high degree of initiative, team spirit and interpersonal skills. Enjoying contact with people and having a professional attitude. Ability to communicate technical solutions to senior management. Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1018:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Advises and supports risk owners in day to day risk management activities and execution. Acts as a primary interface and conduit between the risk owners and other risk groups to lead the facilitation and execution of risk management activities. Identifies, assesses, prioritizes and reports on material IT risks for IT and aligned business areas. Assists risk owners in adhering to policies, frameworks, standards and guidelines through active engagement, guidance and counselling. Advises on the design of controls and remediation plans to mitigate risk. Ensure that IT Risk assessments and outputs are recorded in enterprise tools and in full compliance of all policies and common standards, including the IT Risk Management Policy and Framework. Partners with other risk groups to assess, implement and communicate new/updated risk controls, frameworks, policies, risk indicators, metrics and limits. Identify pervasive IT risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape. Ensures implementation of a strong IT risk culture in partnership with the risk owners. Perform various types of data analysis work and prepare monthly / quarterly reporting for senior management. Monitor IT risk KPIs and KRIs within established tolerance. Providing escalation to ensure timely remediation. 5+ years IT and risk management experience 3+ years IT and cyber security experience Strong communication and influencing capability supported by well-developed analytical competency Good English comprehension (verbal and written) Cyber security certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISM, etc.) Financial services experience International and Canadian national regulatory requirements on financial services We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1019:
Ownership and leadership of each assigned audit from the initial planning to completion, including detailed and thorough risk assessments and the drafting of audit reports Effectively co-ordinate multiple audits and other projects, including staff scheduling and work allocation as required Create detailed working papers and conduct file reviews ensuring that audit conclusions are supported Evaluate operational processes and identify opportunities for improvement across the organization. Build support for and implement recommendations and business strategies, plans, and best practices. Effective communication of audit findings to the Director Internal Audit, internal stakeholders and to the Audit Committee, as required Mitigate business risks by providing advice and guidance as and when appropriate. Follow up and validate actions taken by management to remediate audit findings to ensure that they are effectively designed and appropriately implemented. Build trusted partnerships with internal clients that encourages proactive engagement of the audit team, allowing for the effective design of governance, risk management and control processes Provide effective updates to the Director on the status of work and issues identified, providing recommended course of action for review and approval Follow up and monitor the implementation of action plans on audit issues Immediate escalation of any observations that may require discussion with senior management Support the alignment of activities between the control functions (i.e. Compliance, Finance, External Auditors) to improve communications and efficiency of audit and risk management activities Support the Director Internal Audit in the development of the annual audit plan (and related updates) for business/corporate units in the assigned audit portfolio Recommends changes to audit processes, methodology, and reporting to improve effectiveness. As required provide audit consultation for all business units and functional areas across the organization with respect to new and ongoing business needs. Monitor changes in external environment and in the AGF’s business, including trends in risk management practices and regulatory expectations Actively participate in the annual Internal Audit methodology and practices reviews, incorporating relevant benchmarks in the identification, analysis and recommendation of continuous improvement opportunities On an interim basis, and as required, represent the Director Internal Audit Assist with quarterly and annual reporting to the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Senior Management Performs advisory engagements, investigations and special projects as assigned 8 or more years of previous audit experience in a regulated financial institution or public accounting firm Undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting or Finance CPA designation is required CIA, CFA designations are an asset Highly developed technical and analytical skills supporting effective decision-making capabilities Strong analytical skills to identify issues, potential risks and root causes, in order to suggest effective improvements. Knowledge of audit methodologies and frameworks, COSO enterprise risk management framework, audit governance concepts, tools, techniques, and best practices Strong organizational capabilities, project planning and management experience is required Strong written, documentation and report writing skills, and oral communication skills are requirements Developed networking skills and ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally A self-motivated professional with an enthusiasm for learning and continuous improvement Ability to work effectively within cross functional teams Knowledge of the investment and wealth management industries, is an asset Experience with TeamMate and data analytical software would be an asset Experience in performing IT and/ or cyber security audits would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1020:
Manages critical Incident Management events related to service restoration Work to ensure timely service restoration of complex and/or high impact incidents and minimize the adverse impact of incidents and problems Ensure established Incident Management processes are followed for controls, coordination and communication related to incidents across Compugen Responsible for ongoing, structured communication of critical Incident status to all key stakeholders Works with the Operations team to summarize complex issues into concise business summaries for multi - level executives within Compugen and Clients Develops Root Cause Analyses for all Priority 1 Incidents and Priority 2 Incidents and trends in all incidents and events Escalates risks and issues to the responsible process owners Engages and manages external vendors in accordance with applicable Service Level Agreements Conduct Major Incident Reviews and generate customer facing reports Assists the other process owners/managers in driving service management best practices and ITIL process standardization After hour support required when dealing with outages after regular business hours Work to ensure timely problem resolution and minimize the number and severity incidents Ensure established Problem Management processes are followed from Creating the problem record through to resolution Review incident and event trends and facilitate problems to investigate cause/fixes Works with the Operations team to summarize complex network issues into concise business summaries for multi - level executives within Compugen and Customer organizations Escalates risks and issues to the responsible process owners Engage and manage external vendors in accordance with applicable Service Level Agreements Participate as a member of the Problem Review Board Assists the other process owners/managers in driving service management best practices and ITIL process standardization Track, reconcile and manage assets/configurations as it’s related to process execution Lead or participate in CABs as necessary Provide input and/or leads process improvements and enhancements related to Configuration Management Provides insight and recommendations related to Asset Lifecycle to reduce incidents and increase profitability Participate in compliance audits, escalate where appropriate Participate as required in Steering and Operating Committee Process Governance for defined processes Supports service management reporting (KPIs, SLAs and OLA’s) Review dashboards, reports based on business requirements with analytics and insights to manage and improve processes Contributes to define, develop and implement quality assurance initiatives and procedures related to processes and data Participate in the reviews of new opportunities as required Ensure stakeholders are aware of the process, are trained and conduct refresher sessions as necessary Identify and communicate trends related to Incidents and problems, service(s), product(s), configuration items to proactively identify improvement opportunities Assist Process Owners and Delivery Managers with CSI initiatives or special projects to review and implement service and/or process improvements Supports and provides recommendations on ad-hoc investigations/analysis 24x7 on call (rotation) for Major Incident Management Office Environment Minimal travel to customer sites required Bi-lingual - English & French (Fluent written and spoken) Minimum 5+ years’ experience in managing ITIL processes Intermediate knowledge of the Incident Management and Problem Management Processes Experience with change and asset/configuration management Demonstrated leadership and coordination skills Able to work quickly and maintain a methodical and calm approach Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities. Detail oriented, very organized, with good time management skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills The ability to create and maintain a sense of urgency across all resolver groups, and to drive and resolve incidents in a high pressure, dynamic, real time environment A sound understanding of infrastructure platforms and products, and the ability to understand interconnects and how infrastructure connects to services, and how they relate to service metrics Strong commitment to customer service Demonstrated ability to manage and develop key relationships with cross functional and leadership teams Ability to hold technical discussions with internal and external partners and stakeholders Able to concisely summarize complex issues for both technical and non-technical stakeholders and senior management is crucial Proven ability to prioritize and execute in a high-pressure, complex environment Ability to understand and manage obligations within a contractual relationship A college diploma or university degree in an IT discipline or equivalent years of experience in enterprise level IT environments. 3-5 years proven experience in a similar role ITIL Foundations v3 or v4 ITIL Expert Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1021:
Provide Project Management expertise in cyber security, monitor internal and external compliance with vendors, contractors and employees to ensure they are working within the framework of the cyber security policies Work on the advancement of cyber security maturity of the organization and work closely with third party security partners to deliver security projects on time Manage the compliance and adherence to relevant information security and privacy regulations such as Ontario´s Personal Health Information Privacy Act (PHIPA) and Canada´s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) Provides Project Management expertise on the security posture and cyber security mitigations as it applies to but not limited to servers, workstations, network appliances, peripheral equipment, mobile devices, applications software, VoIP telephones, telecommunications infrastructure, and biomedical devices Work with the vendors and internal technology teams, to help maintain essential security operations including but not limited to operating system hardening, security tools, application audits, server security, email security and workstation GPO policy hardening Work with the vendors and internal technology teams, to maintain server and application security while following internal IT change management process Help with the planning and executing the deployment, configuration, and testing of security protocols; defining system policies and procedures as it relates to cyber security Manage security information and event log review, perform audits of systems access as required; lead cyber security Incident Response Processes Help manage the testing and application of vendor software patches and security updates as required while adhering to the standard IT change management process Help all parties who are participating in Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration tests and perform remediation Validate end-point security technologies to ensure effectiveness by working with the assigned teams Lead Cybersecurity awareness and training exercises Ensures compliance with external requirements and industry security standards Responsible for maintaining a broad knowledge of industry trends, emerging security standards, and cyber security best practices Provide recommendations on security KPI’s and metrics while focusing on the reporting and analysis of KPIs for sustainable compliance Regularly reviews and provides meaningful recommendations on technology-related cyber security governance processes to ensure they evolve to meet changing needs Proactively reviews vendor/industry information to identify new opportunities to optimize efficiencies. Participates/leads activities to meet accreditation standards within the scope of this role Responsible to recognize and report staff, and environment safety issues while working to identify and implement preventative and corrective actions Degree Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering Any one of the following certifications are highly desired:
Security+ certification required
CCSP and experience with cloud security strongly preferred
ITIL certification preferred
PMP is preferred and highly desired
CISSP, CISA or CISM certification would be an asset Security+ certification required CCSP and experience with cloud security strongly preferred ITIL certification preferred PMP is preferred and highly desired CISSP, CISA or CISM certification would be an asset 5+ years of related Cyber Security Project Management experience Experience with or knowledge of security tools and monitoring, analysis and mitigation Experience with or knowledge of incident triaging, analysis and response Knowledge of Next Gen Firewall technology such as Palo Alto firewalls is strongly preferred Knowledge of penetration testing tools Knowledge of the following:
DNS/DHCP/Group Policy and Active Directory
Design, development, implementation and support of software and hardware solutions, systems or products
Troubleshooting and implementing networking technologies
Virtualization, VDI and VMWare experience an asset
Microsoft SQL experience an asset
Knowledge of healthcare and enterprise systems and applications preferred
Knowledge of best practices in ITIL
Intermediate knowledge of network infrastructure DNS/DHCP/Group Policy and Active Directory Design, development, implementation and support of software and hardware solutions, systems or products Troubleshooting and implementing networking technologies Virtualization, VDI and VMWare experience an asset Microsoft SQL experience an asset Knowledge of healthcare and enterprise systems and applications preferred Knowledge of best practices in ITIL Intermediate knowledge of network infrastructure Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Excellent problem solving and analytical skills with strong attention to detail Must be able to adapt to rapid change and manage competing priorities with minimal supervision; able to work in a fast-paced environment Strong organizational, prioritization and time management abilities to ensure that assignments are completed within deadlines and established time frames Demonstrated ability to work with various groups across the organization Provide meaningful input for new applications/ technology implementations Demonstrated ability to handle private and confidential information 
ScrapedJobID1022:
Resiliency Strategy and Vision for the “always on” model Organization resiliency for keeping pace with organization changes Process resiliency for orchestration and business process availability Application resiliency for the “active-active” uptime of systems Data resiliency for the protection and availability of corporate data IT Infra resiliency for recovery, BC, DR, HA Facility resiliency for prime and alternative work areas and will be inspired by the opportunity to work in a team to develop new processes and technologies to overcome these challenges. assesss risks to identify unacceptable physical threats, potential problem areas, or risks that could impact business operations, and to define preventive actions (not only remedies) or risk transfer alternatives identify business impacts to define the financial and operational impact of a disaster, to quantify requirements for recovery time frames and data integrity, and to prioritize the recovery sequence of business functions develop resiliency strategy and roadmap to define feasible recovery alternatives for an organization and to identify the optimum recovery strategy based on a cost/benefit analysis, addressing each major component in your environment: Workplace, Call Center (voice/telephony), Network, and DataCenter develop business continuity and resiliency plans to describe the tasks that users have to execute to respond to a disaster situation and to be able to perform vital business functions for return to normal operations and/or to create a comprehensive guideline for managing a disaster which affects the organization’s IT environment, telephony, and facilities to respond to a disaster situation 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform designApplied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Cyber Security resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution 
ScrapedJobID1023:
Solve complex problems by proposing solutions adapted to all the needs of your business partners. Participate in the analysis and carry out change requests in an AWS environment. Work with the Scrum methodology to deliver sector priorities. Hold a college diploma (DEC) or equivalent and 3 years of experience; or Baccalaureate and 1 year of experience. Experience in Python development. Experience in devops, desirable. Experience with AWS, desirable 
ScrapedJobID1024:
Intégrer, mettre à jour l'information sur les processus provenant de sources multiples, recueillir l'information critique lors de réunions avec divers intervenants et produire des rapports utiles pour mener à bien le travail; Documenter, examiner, mettre à jour et normaliser les cas d'utilisation, les processus, les diagrammes de flux de processus et les diagrammes RACI pour la mise en œuvre des contrôles de sécurité; Initier et diriger des discussions techniques sur l'examen de la sécurité, communiquer les exigences, les politiques et les normes de sécurité aux parties prenantes; Soutenir les évaluations de la conformité en matière de sécurité en examinant les réponses au questionnaire sur les contrôles de sécurité, effectuer les évaluations techniques initiales de la sécurité avec les experts en la matière; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour s'assurer que toutes les politiques et procédures de sécurité sont mises en œuvre; Communiquer efficacement, documenter, gérer et suivre l'état d'avancement, et mettre à jour les équipes de projet; Gérer les aspects opérationnels quotidiens des projets et de leur portée, y compris les journaux de projet, les problèmes et les points d'action. Solides compétences en matière de coordination de projets, axées sur les résultats; Compréhension globale de la cybersécurité et des méthodologies, y compris les normes, les risques et la conformité; Compréhension et expérience de la terminologie et des produits de réseau; Un atout : connaissance technique des différentes technologies de sécurité telles que le cloud public/privé/hybride, les conteneurs, la virtualisation, les réseaux mobiles et sans fil; 5+ ans d'expérience en tant que chef de projet, analyse d'affaires ou un domaine connexe; Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'analyse et de réflexion conceptuelle; Solides compétences en gestion du temps avec un sens de l'urgence pour garantir le respect des délais; vous savez établir des priorités et les redéfinir rapidement; Vous avez l'esprit d'équipe, vous êtes sûr de vous, motivé et indépendant. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work; Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation; Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders; Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts; Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams; Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes; Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance; Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products; An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network; 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field; Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills; Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly; Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID1025:
A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; 8h day schedule; Vacation: 3 weeks upon hiring; Bonus: 5% of annual salary (if we reach our objectives); RRSP; Group insurance (complete range: vision, medication, life insurance, long-term disability, dental option); Free parking; Cafeteria inside the facility. Free products every 2-3 months or so + possibility to buy them; Referral bonus of $1,000 after 3-6-9 months Performs on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop issues for end-users; this includes software, hardware and peripherals support; Recommends and implements corrective solutions, for onsite and offsite users; Liaise with other IT groups within the organization or third-party support and PC equipment vendors; Installs, configures, tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end-user desktop hardware, software, and network peripheral devices and cabling; Responds to tickets assigned by the Help Desk system (Manage Engine Service Desk) and see to their completion. These tickets will come from users as well as other IT Teams; Liaises with desktop end users to provide training and support on all issues; Performs systems asset management, including maintenance of desktop and network device inventory; Participate in identifying infrastructure related issues; Sees to the application of corporate and local policies as well as the kdc/one IT Security Guidelines; Collaborate with the Systems Administrators (level 2-3 support) in optimizing the network management and supports the implementation of desktop and infrastructure projects; Performs other duties as assigned. DEC in computer science or BAC + 2 to BAC + 5; Minimum of 3 years of experience in IT support; Excellent technical knowledge of PC and office equipment including business desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, etc. ; Experience in supporting and troubleshooting hardware, systems and applications; Experience in supporting Microsoft Windows applications and the Microsoft Office 365 collaborative suite; Working technical knowledge of current protocols, operating systems and standards; Ability to use tools, components and peripheral accessories; Able to read and understand technical manuals, procedural documentation and guides; Fluency in French and English, both written and oral; Experience in an industrial environment (an asset); Knowledge of ITIL (an asset). Strong “customer service” orientation; Analytical and problem-solving skills, with particular attention to detail; Strong communication skills - ability to present ideas in friendly language; Well organized, methodical and good time management; Motivated and results oriented, with the ability to prioritize and execute tasks effectively in a high-pressure environment; Ability to learn quickly; Able to adapt and work in a constantly changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID1026:
Responsible for leading the Third-Party risk assessments and overall due diligence assessments of Software Vendors/Suppliers Individual supporting physical office move from Hong Kong to Singapore In this move, individual will be using the RSA software to coordinate with vendors/suppliers the risk of moving their services over to a new country (reopen the records, re assess the vendor/supplier risk that goes with changing countries) Serves as central point-of-contact for third parties and business partners, while ensuring effective regional and global execution of the Supplier Management Framework model Assists the business partners in performing third party risk assessments and overall due diligence activities as outlined by regulators and internal policies Supports the business partners in the management of supplier performance monitoring and oversight activities through reviews and documenting required post-contract activities (e.g., SOC reviews) Identifies risk findings, communicating impact to the business partners and work with IT Risk teams to ensure timely and accurate closure of open issues Engages third parties in obtaining documentation and information to support required due diligence reviews Extended and/or off-hour work schedules where necessary, in support of global operations and high priority work assignments 2+ years’ experience working in SW Vendor risk management - assessing the risk of a vendor’s SW, whether to bring them aboard PMP or BA background Information Security background and certifications would be ideal (Cyber Security certification would be added bonus, understanding SW that may be sitting on the Cloud) Technical Business background required - so that they understand the SW world of the vendors will be dealing with– understanding of SW lifecycle, management, single sign on Will be using both GRC RSA Archer application system (system that assess risk of a supplier) and iValua (database where store supplier information) Demonstrate skills in managing multiple projects and partnering relationships Very strong information seeking, creative problem solver, decision making, planning, collaboration and coordination skills MS Office Demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy Excellent and confident written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1027:
Salaire attrayant! Bonification pour le travail sous horaire atypique (en $ + en congé compensatoire) Télétravail (avec possibilité d'aller au bureau sur Québec ou sur Montréal) Ordinateur fourni + allocation pour achat de matériel + allocation de cellulaire Assurance collective complète REER 3 semaines de congés + congé des fêtes Diverses formations gratuites + budget annuel de 1 000 $ pour d'autres formations Club social ++ trier, analyser, traiter et documenter (vulgariser) les menaces survenues auprès de clients récurrents de l'entreprise effectuer la surveillance de menaces auprès de nouveaux clients de l'entreprise 2 ans d'expérience en cybersécurité Bilingue anglais/français Plus vous connaissez d'environnements technologiques, plus vous marquez de points Certifications en TI (atout) langages de scripting (atout) Etre disponible (les incidents peuvent survenir à tout moment! Compensation intéressante!) L'usage du genre masculin est utilisé sans aucune discrimination et dans le seul but d'alléger le texte. 
ScrapedJobID1028:
Coordinate and oversee a set of initiatives which will be executed by several teams. Coordinate overall planning, development, and implementation of activities at a program level to ensure overall achievement of the various activities as required. Define, coordinate, and manage communications to impacted stakeholder groups as required Provide project oversight, including completion of reporting activities related to budget, schedule, and project management processes in accordance with Client's PMO processes. Develop and maintain relationships with business stakeholders to ensure solutions meet requirements while ensuring business services delivery is not impacted. Own project deliverables – ensure all deliverables meet business requirements, are delivered on time, and meet quality standards. Complete status reporting, including preparation of project presentations and updates as defined. 10+ years of experience managing and delivering technology projects. Experience providing and business support for utilities clients. Strong interpersonal skills, ability to work well on projects with business and technical teams Demonstrated strong communication (verbal/written) and presentation skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Infrastructure Technology implementation experience. General cybersecurity technology and solutions knowledge / skills. 
ScrapedJobID1029:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1030:
Work closely with our team and clients efficient and optimal working of corporate networks and collaborative systems Study, recommend and initiate solutions Monitor, troubleshoot, identify, and remedy areas of congestion, degraded quality, degraded speed, or compromised security Complete design, implementation, assessment, remediation, and deployment projects involving networking, security, backup/DR and other infrastructure solutions Work on open tickets, participate in impact analysis and make recommendations to continuously improve processes Be responsible for securing networks by establishing policies and standard methodologies Take ownership of projects and tickets ensuring proper planning, execution and follow ups Maintain expert level knowledge and certifications with industry leading vendors such as Microsoft and HPE Provide effective guidance to Junior staff and help identify gaps for formal training Provide Level 3 support to our Level 1 and 2 support teams Minimum 5 years’ experience in delivering support, networking, security and disaster recovery solutions Demonstrable ability to work in a team as well as independently Excellent critical thinking capabilities to troubleshoot and resolve complex networking and security challenges Degree in Computer Technology or similar degree or experience Certifications from Microsoft (MCSA, MCSE, etc.) and/or other industry leading manufacturers are required Strong verbal and written communications skills Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively Experience working in multi-location or multi-client environments is a great asset Ability to perform pre-scheduled work outside of business hours and provide on-call 7/24 support on a rotational basis Ontario G class driver’s license This position may require travel around Toronto’s GTA and surrounding areas, you must maintain reliable and dependable transportation, as well as car insurance, and be able to drive to client sites as necessary. Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) IT support: 8 years (required) English (required) Ontario Drivers License (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1031:

ScrapedJobID1032:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Advises and supports risk owners in day to day risk management activities and execution. Acts as a primary interface and conduit between the risk owners and other risk groups to lead the facilitation and execution of risk management activities. Identifies, assesses, prioritizes and reports on material IT risks for IT and aligned business areas. Assists risk owners in adhering to policies, frameworks, standards and guidelines through active engagement, guidance and counselling. Advises on the design of controls and remediation plans to mitigate risk. Ensure that IT Risk assessments and outputs are recorded in enterprise tools and in full compliance of all policies and common standards, including the IT Risk Management Policy and Framework. Partners with other risk groups to assess, implement and communicate new/updated risk controls, frameworks, policies, risk indicators, metrics and limits. Identify pervasive IT risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape. Ensures implementation of a strong IT risk culture in partnership with the risk owners. Perform various types of data analysis work and prepare monthly / quarterly reporting for senior management. Monitor IT risk KPIs and KRIs within established tolerance. Providing escalation to ensure timely remediation. 5+ years IT and risk management experience 3+ years IT and cyber security experience Strong communication and influencing capability supported by well-developed analytical competency Good English comprehension (verbal and written) Cyber security certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISM, etc.) Financial services experience International and Canadian national regulatory requirements on financial services We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1033:
Maintenir en condition opérationnelle les infrastructures de gestion de la sécurité en diagnostiquant les pannes et les défaillances et en y remédiant lorsque requis; Veiller à la haute disponibilité de l'ensemble des composantes de sécurité réseau en vue d’assurer la disponibilité des services; Prendre en charge les demandes de services provenant du centre d’assistance technologique pour les demandes de niveaux 2 et 3; Assurer quotidiennement la vigie et la surveillance des périmètres de sécurité de l’environnement technologique et des différentes applications de mission; Assurer une maintenance évolutive et corrective en fonction des grandes évolutions technologiques (notamment les changements de versions) et assurer un support technique de second niveau; Appliquer les correctifs de sécurité; Optimiser les performances des systèmes; Collaborer aux projets d’architecture et de développement des TI en développant des indicateurs de qualité et performance lorsque requis; Être disponible à l’extérieur des heures de bureau pour effectuer un support technique ponctuel ou planifié, en fonction des besoins; Réaliser des mandats d’amélioration technologiques et fournir des conseils experts au besoin. Posséder cinq (5) années d’expérience en exploitation de la sécurité informatique, incluant la gestion des VPN et des passerelles de filtrage des accès à internet; Avoir une expérience dans l'administration des coupe-feux Fortigate, Checkpoint ou Cisco ASA; Posséder une expérience dans l'administration des répartiteurs de charge F5 BigIP ou l'équivalent; Démontrer de l’expérience en administration des coupe- feux applicatifs (WAF); Avoir réalisé deux (2) mandats dans un environnement de sécurité technologique de complexité et d’envergure similaire; Avoir réalisé deux (2) mandats nécessitant une participation au processus de gestion d'incidents et de problèmes; Avoir réalisé un (1) mandat nécessitant la réalisation de chacun des biens livrables suivants : guide d’exploitation, plan d'implantation ou de mise en opération et demande de changement; Posséder de l’expérience en sécurité infonuagique; Avoir un très bon français. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1034:
Support processes for creating, maintaining, and evolving the portfolio of services Build enablement collateral to support other teams, such as sales and solution architects Develop and drive forward the public cloud roadmap with tactical and strategic initiatives Collaborate with key technology partners and the partner management team to ensure alignment between CDW Canada and partner initiatives Collaborate with Canadian leadership to set product release schedule to support corporate goals Provide guidance to the organization to meet customer goals using a data-driven approach Contribute to financial planning activities by forecasting performance and ROI for services in the development Empower sales and pre-sales teams through focused training on new products and services Measure and improve on the effectiveness of enablement activities Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ Years’ experience in go-to-market activities, product design, build or sales of IT services and solutions. Deep understanding of Cloud IAAS, and cloud-native services Broad technical understanding of enterprise data center technologies such as hybrid cloud infrastructure, data center architecture and design, data management technologies, data center security, and governance Understanding of the technology providers in the public cloud space Prior experience in IT Professional or Managed Services (Delivery or Pre-Sales) Proven ability to proactively collaborate, build relationships, and creatively solve problems Must be able to communicate effectively Demonstrated ability to simplify complex matters for a wide range of audiences Demonstrate solid attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy Ability to organize thoughts and ideas into understandable terminology. Ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Demonstrated ability to work independently with little direction 
ScrapedJobID1035:
Proven experience acting as a leader within an IT Risk consulting practice or boutique, with an understanding of the marketplace and poised to assist with, and manage, practice growth. At least 8 years of demonstrated experience in designing and implementing relevant solutions in a variety of industries. A relevant professional designation, such as CPA, CISA, CISSP or CIA. Minimum of 2 years of management experience leading a team. A networked understanding of the professional landscape of IT Risk in Canada, as well as an established presence with existing and would-be clients. Canada Secret (Level 2) security clearance, or the ability to secure it, as it is a requirement for many of our clients. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1036:
Bonus pay Monday to Friday COBIT Framework: 5 years (required) I.T. Auditor: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1037:
Be responsible for contextualizing, prioritizing, assigning, monitoring and closing vulnerabilities. Receive and validate the results of vulnerability detection activities; Contribute to the establishment of remediation / mitigation plans for vulnerabilities; Follow up on the management of vulnerabilities with stakeholders; Ensure compliance with service level agreements for vulnerability management; Produce and ensure the quality of metrics relating to vulnerability management; Contribute to the drafting, maintenance and improvement of documentation in support of vulnerability management processes and procedures; Collaborate with stakeholders to optimize remediation of vulnerabilities. At least 2 years of experience in vulnerability management, Threat intelligence or in response to security incidents, or at least 5 years of experience in the IT field; In-depth knowledge of vulnerability management, infrastructure, application, and cloud security. Knowledge of Vulnerability Rating Systems (CVSS), OWASP TOP 10, MITER and NIST controls; Experience with vulnerability scanning tools such as those from Tenable, Qualys, Rapid7. Hold the CISSP or COMPTIA Security + certification (an asset). Demonstrate a sense of collaboration and teamwork; Demonstrate interpersonal skills (ability to influence and interact with stakeholders, to manage conflicts); Demonstrate excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills; Demonstrate a great sense of initiative; Demonstrate professional rigor and thoroughness; 
ScrapedJobID1038:
Strong stakeholder management with a customer-centric focus and collaborative approach to problem solving is a must. Excellent planning, organization and time management skills to ensure successful completion of all tasks across multiple streams of work. This includes the ability to understand and navigate competing priorities, as well as to adapt and respond to changing priorities. Strong critical thinker and self-motivated. Ability to put the pieces of a complex puzzle together, driving towards results in an ambiguous environment. We don't always know the answers or have a clear picture of the end goal, so it is up to the analyst to investigate and figure it out. The analyst must be comfortable navigating a complex organization to find the right person to talk to. The analyst must be able to persevere continuously, bouncing back with the right questions in response to information received, until end of job. Excellent communication skills. Has the ability to represent technical information in a way that is consumable by various stakeholder groups. Has the ability to elicit technical information from, and communicate business impacts to, less technical business partners. Experience in delivering infrastructure related solutions is preferred. Technical aptitude is a must. Experience with ITIL Service Management, COBIT, ICOFR, and change management is an asset. Experience with Agile methodology frameworks (e.g. Scrum, Kanban) an asset. Strong consideration given to candidates with industry related certifications and designations (e.g. CBAP, Lean Six-Sigma, ITIL, etc.) Business Systems Analyst will support the systems and process analysis activities of projects in the Infrastructure & Operations domain of the Canada Technology organization. Projects in this domain implement changes in areas such as Compute & Storage (e.g. Upgrading, maintenance and support of SQL, DB2 and Oracle database platforms, mainframe, and file and object storage platforms), Network (e.g. Upgrading, maintenance and support of firewalls, DMZs, and load balancers), Cloud IAAS solutions, Service Management, Cyber Security and Technology Risk. For each assignment, develop a Business Analysis Plan as a means to understand the project scope and business context, perform stakeholder analysis, establish analysis expectations with project team members and develop work breakdown structure with time/effort estimates. Elicitation and documentation stakeholder requirements, solution requirements (functional and non-functional) and transitional requirements. As these are infrastructure projects, there is a strong focus on non-functional requirements, including disaster recovery, privacy, security and risk requirements. Manage the requirements through the project lifecycle, ensuring that requirements are validated, verified and approved, and ensure the implemented solution meets the business needs through requirements traceability. Identify and document current state business and system processes and work with process owners to build the proposed future state by identifying process gaps, process improvement opportunities, and impacts due to technology implementations, while assessing impacts to other business processes, stakeholders and systems. Examples of deliverables include process workflow/swim-lane diagrams and RASCI charts. Contribute to other project implementation activities and deliverables, including process and system design, testing, organizational change management, technical support documentation, risk management, assessing organizational readiness and business impact analysis, implementation roll-out and project closeout. 
ScrapedJobID1039:
Résoudre des problèmes complexes en proposant des solutions adaptées à l’ensemble des besoins de vos partenaires d’affaires. Participer à l’analyse et réaliser des demandes de changement dans un environnement AWS. Travailler avec la méthodologie Scrum pour livrer les priorités du secteur. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d'études collégiales (DEC) ou l’équivalent et 3 années d'expérience; ou Baccalauréat et 1 an d'expérience. Expérience en développement Python. Expérience en devops, souhaitable. Expérience avec AWS, souhaitable 
ScrapedJobID1040:
Intégrer, mettre à jour l'information sur les processus provenant de sources multiples, recueillir l'information critique lors de réunions avec divers intervenants et produire des rapports utiles pour mener à bien le travail; Documenter, examiner, mettre à jour et normaliser les cas d'utilisation, les processus, les diagrammes de flux de processus et les diagrammes RACI pour la mise en œuvre des contrôles de sécurité; Initier et diriger des discussions techniques sur l'examen de la sécurité, communiquer les exigences, les politiques et les normes de sécurité aux parties prenantes; Soutenir les évaluations de la conformité en matière de sécurité en examinant les réponses au questionnaire sur les contrôles de sécurité, effectuer les évaluations techniques initiales de la sécurité avec les experts en la matière; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour s'assurer que toutes les politiques et procédures de sécurité sont mises en œuvre; Communiquer efficacement, documenter, gérer et suivre l'état d'avancement, et mettre à jour les équipes de projet; Gérer les aspects opérationnels quotidiens des projets et de leur portée, y compris les journaux de projet, les problèmes et les points d'action. Solides compétences en matière de coordination de projets, axées sur les résultats; Compréhension globale de la cybersécurité et des méthodologies, y compris les normes, les risques et la conformité; Compréhension et expérience de la terminologie et des produits de réseau; Un atout : connaissance technique des différentes technologies de sécurité telles que le cloud public/privé/hybride, les conteneurs, la virtualisation, les réseaux mobiles et sans fil; 5+ ans d'expérience en tant que chef de projet, analyse d'affaires ou un domaine connexe; Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'analyse et de réflexion conceptuelle; Solides compétences en gestion du temps avec un sens de l'urgence pour garantir le respect des délais; vous savez établir des priorités et les redéfinir rapidement; Vous avez l'esprit d'équipe, vous êtes sûr de vous, motivé et indépendant. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work; Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation; Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders; Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts; Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams; Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes; Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance; Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products; An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network; 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field; Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills; Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly; Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID1041:
A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; 8h day schedule; Vacation: 3 weeks upon hiring; Bonus: 5% of annual salary (if we reach our objectives); RRSP; Group insurance (complete range: vision, medication, life insurance, long-term disability, dental option); Free parking; Cafeteria inside the facility. Free products every 2-3 months or so + possibility to buy them; Referral bonus of $1,000 after 3-6-9 months Performs on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop issues for end-users; this includes software, hardware and peripherals support; Recommends and implements corrective solutions, for onsite and offsite users; Liaise with other IT groups within the organization or third-party support and PC equipment vendors; Installs, configures, tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end-user desktop hardware, software, and network peripheral devices and cabling; Responds to tickets assigned by the Help Desk system (Manage Engine Service Desk) and see to their completion. These tickets will come from users as well as other IT Teams; Liaises with desktop end users to provide training and support on all issues; Performs systems asset management, including maintenance of desktop and network device inventory; Participate in identifying infrastructure related issues; Sees to the application of corporate and local policies as well as the kdc/one IT Security Guidelines; Collaborate with the Systems Administrators (level 2-3 support) in optimizing the network management and supports the implementation of desktop and infrastructure projects; Performs other duties as assigned. DEC in computer science or BAC + 2 to BAC + 5; Minimum of 3 years of experience in IT support; Excellent technical knowledge of PC and office equipment including business desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, etc. ; Experience in supporting and troubleshooting hardware, systems and applications; Experience in supporting Microsoft Windows applications and the Microsoft Office 365 collaborative suite; Working technical knowledge of current protocols, operating systems and standards; Ability to use tools, components and peripheral accessories; Able to read and understand technical manuals, procedural documentation and guides; Fluency in French and English, both written and oral; Experience in an industrial environment (an asset); Knowledge of ITIL (an asset). Strong “customer service” orientation; Analytical and problem-solving skills, with particular attention to detail; Strong communication skills - ability to present ideas in friendly language; Well organized, methodical and good time management; Motivated and results oriented, with the ability to prioritize and execute tasks effectively in a high-pressure environment; Ability to learn quickly; Able to adapt and work in a constantly changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID1042:
Avantages sociaux ; Salaire concurrentiel; Bonus de performance; Infrastructures de pointe; Environnement de travail humain. Point de contact technique pour les utilisateurs finaux et les parties prenantes concernant les problèmes et demandes de renseignements sur le réseau et l'infrastructure ; Travaille en étroite collaboration avec les chefs de projet, les développeurs et les analystes de système, assure la surveillance ainsi que le dépannage et la résolution des problèmes prioritaires, assurant la propriété, l'escalade et la communication du début à la résolution finale. Suivre les procédures d'exploitation standard pour maintenir le système mis à jour selon les priorités établies par les analystes de sécurité ; Surveiller le tableau de bord d'évaluation des vulnérabilités et identifier tous les risques ou dispositifs supplémentaires qui nécessitent une enquête et des actions supplémentaires Complète les résolutions des journaux par priorité ; Gérer et escalader le backlog ; Assure les meilleures pratiques et des conseils sur la gestion des incidents et la résolution des problèmes ; Surveiller la santé globale du réseau et de l'infrastructure (performances et temps de disponibilité) des environnements de production, de pré-production et de test du Cloud ; Effectuer des changements et des mises à niveau de configuration système de routine pour les opérations, les projets ou les besoins de sécurité ; Prend en charge les composants du réseau et agit en tant que membre de l'équipe de soutien (niveau 3) si nécessaire ; Peut faire partie du calendrier de rotation sur appel, en assurant la disponibilité au besoin les nuits de travail et les fins de semaine pendant les périodes de maintenance, les interruptions de service critiques ou les livraisons de projets. Diplôme d'études collégiales en technologies de réseau ou certifications réseau Expérience de plus de 2 ans d'expérience professionnelle pertinente dans un environnement d'entreprise multi-sites prenant en charge une infrastructure à l'échelle de l'entreprise (centres de données, virtualisation, stockage central, réseaux locaux, SD-WAN, WLAN, sans fil, VPN et pratiques de sécurité) Connaissances de base de l'infrastructure cloud Solide connaissance de l'infrastructure réseau Connaissance des concepts de sécurité connaissance des langages de script ou de programmation 
ScrapedJobID1043:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID1044:
Soutenir le programme de test Network SOC VM; Effectuer des tests de sécurité des applications, des réseaux et des infrastructures, y compris des évaluations de vulnérabilité et des techniques de test manuel, des tests de pénétration; Identifier les cyber-risques nouveaux et émergents et préparer des recommandations pour les contre-mesures appropriées, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les nouveaux investissements technologiques, les nouvelles normes, les changements de politique ou la reconfiguration des systèmes ou des processus commerciaux existants; Collaborer avec divers intervenants internes ainsi qu'avec des partenaires externes; Produire des rapports d'évaluation de la sécurité et les distribuer aux équipes d'assistance réseau (pour correction); Fournir des commentaires sur la documentation opérationnelle et procédurale au besoin; Jouer un rôle actif dans les audits et les enquêtes liés à la sécurité; Être un membre de soutien au besoin de l'équipe Network SOC VM; Connaissance pratique des outils de gestion des risques et de la conformité (GRC) ainsi que des outils de collaboration tels que JIRA et Confluence; Capacité de documenter et d'éduquer les parties prenantes sur les résultats; Capacité à rechercher, recommander et mettre en œuvre des modifications aux procédures et aux systèmes pour améliorer la sécurité des applications et des systèmes; Capacité à servir d'expert en la matière sur les outils, les politiques et les contrôles de sécurité du réseau; Capacité à se tenir au courant des dernières réglementations, avis, alertes et vulnérabilités en matière de sécurité; Compréhension suffisante du langage de codage pour effectuer une revue de code sécurisée; Minimum de 3 ans d'expérience professionnelle dans la sécurité de l'information en tant que pentester ou rôle similaire; Expérience avec les outils et méthodologies de test de sécurité dans la conduite d'évaluations de la vulnérabilité et de la sécurité des applications; Connaissance pratique des langages de script ou/et de programmation (ex : Python, Powershell, c#, Java, etc.); Capacité d'analyser les solutions informatiques et l'infrastructure technologique pour identifier et évaluer les vulnérabilités, les menaces et les risques de sécurité; Un historique des résultats et de l'efficacité dans le support technique des applications, le dépannage et l'analyse, la résolution de problèmes et les rôles d'amélioration de la disponibilité et de la fiabilité des services; Penser analytiquement et synthétiser les informations techniques provenant de diverses sources; Haut niveau d'intégrité personnelle et capacité à traiter de manière professionnelle des questions confidentielles et à faire preuve d'un haut niveau de jugement et de maturité; Excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, en établissement de relations et en influence des autres; Qualifications/compétences préférées : Une qualification professionnelle basée sur la sécurité souhaitable (par exemple, CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, OSCP); Baccalauréat dans un domaine lié à la technologie ou expérience de travail équivalente; Solides connaissances internes et des opérations du système d'exploitation; Connaissance des tactiques opérationnelles de sécurité offensives et défensives; Compréhension du cadre industriel tel que NIST, MITRE ATT&CK, OWASP, PCI-DSS, ITIL et/ou d'autres cadres de conformité; Bilingue en français et en anglais serait un atout; Expérience en tant que développeur en entreprise ou/et faisant partie d'un projet open source sur un référentiel de code public (ex : Github). Support the Network SOC VM testing program; Perform security testing of applications, networks and infrastructures, including vulnerability assessments, and manual testing techniques, penetration testing; Identify new and emerging cyber risks and prepare recommendations for appropriate countermeasures, including, but not limited to, new technology investments, new standards, changes in policy or reconfiguration of existing systems or business processes; Collaborate with various internal stakeholders as well as external partners; Produce security assessment reports and distribute to Network Support teams (for remediation); Provide feedback on operational and procedural documentation as required; Take an active role in security-related audits and inquiries; Supporting member as required to the Network SOC VM team. Working knowledge of Risk and Compliance (GRC) tools as well as collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence; Ability to document and educate stakeholders on the findings; Ability to research, recommend, and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance application and systems security; Ability to serve as subject matter expert on Network security tools, polices, and controls; Ability to keep up to date on the latest security regulations, advisories, alerts and vulnerabilities; Sufficient coding language understanding to conduct secure code review; Minimum of 3 years professional work experience in information security as a pentester or similar role; Experience with security testing tools and methodologies in conducting vulnerability and application security assessments; Working knowledge with scripting or/and programmatic language (ex: Python, Powershell, c#, Java, etc.); Ability to analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks; A track record of results and effectiveness in applications technical support, trouble-shooting and analysis, problem resolution, and service availability and reliability improvement roles; Think analytically and synthesize technical information from various sources; High level of personal integrity, and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and demonstrate a high level of judgment and maturity; Excellent skills of verbal and written communications, relationship building, and influencing others; Preferred Qualifications/Competencies: A security based professional qualification desirable (e.g. CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, OSCP); Bachelor’s degree in technology-related field or the equivalent work experience; Strong knowledge operating system internals and operations; Knowledge of offensive and defensive security operational tactics; Understanding of industrial framework such as NIST, MITRE ATT&CK, OWASP,PCI-DSS, ITIL and/or other compliance frameworks; Bilingual in French and English would be an asset; Experience as a developer in enterprise or/and part of a open source project on a public code repository (ex: Github). 
ScrapedJobID1045:
Conduct and manage vulnerability assessments using vulnerability scanning tools. Manage vulnerability detection tools. Develop, maintain, and enhance processes and procedures to enable an effective vulnerability Identify security vulnerabilities in target systems, networks, databases, applications, and cloud to Provide guidance to support teams in the remediation of vulnerabilities. Monitor for, and alert on, zero-day and newly identified high-risk vulnerabilities. Document and track open risks to closure and support management in making risk-based Review and define security configurations for multi-tier application deployment architectures, Develop and report on vulnerability management and cybersecurity configuration compliance for Experience in defining endpoint, network device & server, database, and application hardening A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electronics, or related field, or a technical diploma Relevant professional qualifications/ certifications, such as CISSP/CISA/GIAC, product/vendor Experience managing and configuring tools like Tenable/Rapid7/Qualys. Vendor certification in Electricity/ energy sector experience considered an asset. An understanding of end-to-end Vulnerability Management processes (i.e., the VM lifecycle) and Using operating system, database, and application security, administration. Knowledge of CIS Benchmarks, tools and resources. Knowledge of CVSS. Familiarity with CIS, NIST, STIGS standards & guidelines, ITIL framework and Change Should have knowledge to translate security concepts into language that is meaningful to many An ability to think methodically and attention to detail . Ability to present complex solutions and methods to a general community. Independent thinking, willingness to "step outside the box" and take reasonable, calculated risks. Must be reliable and adaptable. Strong business acumen, communication skills, and process-oriented thinking. Excellent written and verbal communication and organizational skills. Outstanding work ethic. Strong team player that collaborates well with others to solve problems and actively incorporate BC Hydro employees will be required to provide proof they are fully vaccinated effective 
ScrapedJobID1046:
Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Confer with clients to identify and document requirements 8 hour shift Langley, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) Proven: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1047:
Ownership and leadership of each assigned audit from the initial planning to completion, including detailed and thorough risk assessments and the drafting of audit reports Effectively co-ordinate multiple audits and other projects, including staff scheduling and work allocation as required Create detailed working papers and conduct file reviews ensuring that audit conclusions are supported Evaluate operational processes and identify opportunities for improvement across the organization. Build support for and implement recommendations and business strategies, plans, and best practices. Effective communication of audit findings to the Director Internal Audit, internal stakeholders and to the Audit Committee, as required Mitigate business risks by providing advice and guidance as and when appropriate. Follow up and validate actions taken by management to remediate audit findings to ensure that they are effectively designed and appropriately implemented. Build trusted partnerships with internal clients that encourages proactive engagement of the audit team, allowing for the effective design of governance, risk management and control processes Provide effective updates to the Director on the status of work and issues identified, providing recommended course of action for review and approval Follow up and monitor the implementation of action plans on audit issues Immediate escalation of any observations that may require discussion with senior management Support the alignment of activities between the control functions (i.e. Compliance, Finance, External Auditors) to improve communications and efficiency of audit and risk management activities Support the Director Internal Audit in the development of the annual audit plan (and related updates) for business/corporate units in the assigned audit portfolio Recommends changes to audit processes, methodology, and reporting to improve effectiveness. As required provide audit consultation for all business units and functional areas across the organization with respect to new and ongoing business needs. Monitor changes in external environment and in the AGF’s business, including trends in risk management practices and regulatory expectations Actively participate in the annual Internal Audit methodology and practices reviews, incorporating relevant benchmarks in the identification, analysis and recommendation of continuous improvement opportunities On an interim basis, and as required, represent the Director Internal Audit Assist with quarterly and annual reporting to the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Senior Management Performs advisory engagements, investigations and special projects as assigned 8 or more years of previous audit experience in a regulated financial institution or public accounting firm Undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting or Finance CPA designation is required CIA, CFA designations are an asset Highly developed technical and analytical skills supporting effective decision-making capabilities Strong analytical skills to identify issues, potential risks and root causes, in order to suggest effective improvements. Knowledge of audit methodologies and frameworks, COSO enterprise risk management framework, audit governance concepts, tools, techniques, and best practices Strong organizational capabilities, project planning and management experience is required Strong written, documentation and report writing skills, and oral communication skills are requirements Developed networking skills and ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally A self-motivated professional with an enthusiasm for learning and continuous improvement Ability to work effectively within cross functional teams Knowledge of the investment and wealth management industries, is an asset Experience with TeamMate and data analytical software would be an asset Experience in performing IT and/ or cyber security audits would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1048:
Enjoy working in a positive environment with highly motivated individuals that want to reduce the risks within the bank Managing and/or conducting detailed, risk-based evaluations of the design and operating effectiveness of Information Technology (IT) controls Gather evidence and respond to various audit, compliance, and IT risk teams to remediate risk-related issues Ask open questions to advance the team’s thinking. Encourages others to explore new ideas and ways of looking at things. Assist the Senior Manager to make decisions based on research, consultation with experts and experience, and considers the impact of decisions. Create and contribute to specific analytics and reporting goals, in support of the overall success of Global Identity and Access Management (GIAM) business strategies Excel in relationship building (internal / external GIAM) and work with various teams to assist in completion of all certifications across the enterprise Brings external developments, trends, and best practices (outside-in thinking) to the Bank Look for continuous improvements to maximize automation where possible and reduce manual efforts in all processes and procedures within the team, while considering and evaluating the bank’s risk appetite and risk culture. Perform required tasks for access governance functions; tasks relevant to Identity & Access Governance including access request, access certification, communication, and documentation of operational processes and procedures, etc. Assist/train junior staff on difficult or non-standard requests Demonstrate personal accountability for assigned projects, initiatives, and daily processes Good understanding of Bank’s core systems and technology (i.e.: ServiceNow, SailPoint, CyberArk, Active Directory, UNIX systems and/or LDAP) Advanced experience in SailPoint IIQ and SIQ Certifications Strong analytical skills, specifically data analysis Excellent organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple intake channels efficiently Experience with technical audits Strong working knowledge of information security policies and standards Once settled in position, you will be providing after-hours availability for any urgent issues/ incidents / escalations on occasion as required We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges 
ScrapedJobID1049:
Resiliency Strategy and Vision for the “always on” model Organization resiliency for keeping pace with organization changes Process resiliency for orchestration and business process availability Application resiliency for the “active-active” uptime of systems Data resiliency for the protection and availability of corporate data IT Infra resiliency for recovery, BC, DR, HA Facility resiliency for prime and alternative work areas and will be inspired by the opportunity to work in a team to develop new processes and technologies to overcome these challenges. assesss risks to identify unacceptable physical threats, potential problem areas, or risks that could impact business operations, and to define preventive actions (not only remedies) or risk transfer alternatives identify business impacts to define the financial and operational impact of a disaster, to quantify requirements for recovery time frames and data integrity, and to prioritize the recovery sequence of business functions develop resiliency strategy and roadmap to define feasible recovery alternatives for an organization and to identify the optimum recovery strategy based on a cost/benefit analysis, addressing each major component in your environment: Workplace, Call Center (voice/telephony), Network, and DataCenter develop business continuity and resiliency plans to describe the tasks that users have to execute to respond to a disaster situation and to be able to perform vital business functions for return to normal operations and/or to create a comprehensive guideline for managing a disaster which affects the organization’s IT environment, telephony, and facilities to respond to a disaster situation 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform designApplied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Cyber Security resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution 
ScrapedJobID1050:
The position is responsible for the ongoing development, maintenance, and operation of our client's technical systems including its workstations, telephony, servers and associated software and web-based systems (websites, SaaS products, domains and DNS records) Coordinating with both internal staff in support and training, external vendors, reporting to the AVP Technology Asset management and resource tracking Set up accounts and workstations, and onboard/offboard system users Manage software license optimization, procurement and provisioning Establish and maintain appropriate software and hardware monitoring, intrusion detection, diagnostic tools, and activity logging Monitor and maintain systems to ensure requirements and performance targets are met Troubleshoot issues and outages Ensure system and data security, integrity, and availability through implementation of access controls, regular backups, firewalls, antivirus and antimalware, disaster recovery procedures, failover procedures, and cyberthreat and intrusion response procedures Upgrade systems with new releases and models, and apply available patches Bilingual French-English, excellent communications Advanced working knowledge of computer technology Familiarity with O365 and Microsoft Tenant environment (BBBS has ~2000 licensed users and ~2000 guest users) Basic scripting (PowerShell) (helping to automate functions) Experience managing a range of computer systems and software in a multi-user environment Familiarity with a wide range of Microsoft products and systems Confidence to jump into unfamiliar situations and start figuring out how to solve problems General operating systems knowledge Awareness of programming familiarity, particularly scripting Azure AD with integrated Keeper Security based password management Power Platform based operations and service delivery software (PowerApps, PowerApps Portals, Power Automations, Power BI) Experience with VoIP telephone systems 
ScrapedJobID1051:
Required to have an intermediate or better knowledge of the Python scripting language and coding experience. C/C++/Java development experience is also desirable. Desired to have an acute understanding of: LDAP products such as Ping Directory, ODSEE, Active Directory. Identity products such as ForgeRock OpenIDM. General network and enterprise security standards and concepts Required to be familiar with developing products running on Linux operating system platforms/containers. Desired experience working with large enterprise architecture and Devops tooling (e.g., Git, Jenkins, Ansibile). Minimum 5 years of experience working with Devops tooling on Directory and Identity systems. 8 hour shift IAM: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1052:
2+ years of demonstrable experience with AWS Guard Duty, Security Hub, WAF/Shield and AWS Config 2+ years of demonstrable experience in architecting secure solutions within AWS 2+ years of experience in AWS log analysis 2+ years of experience with network protocols and packet analysis tooling 2+ years of experience with Python or similar AWS supported scripting language 1+ years experience with securing application deployments in AWS 1+ years experience with Infrastructure as code tooling (Cloudformation, Terraform) 
ScrapedJobID1053:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support Using workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identifying areas to create, improve and maintain intellectual property Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio Candidates will hold CCNP Enterprise or Data Center certifications. NetApp NCDA would also be preferred 
ScrapedJobID1054:
Oracle 3900 SBCs, Oracle ECB Asterisk 18 leveraging PJSIP, AMI and ARI Noble Systems, 3CX Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection and Expressways Rightfax (Fax to email and email to Fax solutions) Evoko Tablets Synergysky and Pexip Monitoring Tools: Oracle EOM, Web homer Cisco SPA 504G Phones Polycom VVX phones Cisco ATA 191, SPA 112 Mediatrix 4104, 4104 Plus Gigaset C530IP/C610IP and Yealink W53P Experience with configuration/provisioning of VoIP endpoints from various manufacturers like Cisco, Polycom, Yealink and Snom Cisco 7841, 8841 and Cisco Telepresence solutions DX 80 Design/Implementation/Manage various Tier 1/Tier 2 sip providers from Canada (Bell SIPT), US (Verizon TSO) and Voxbone Support and Maintain VoIP solutions on RHEL 8.3 and Debian 9 based systems Perform advanced troubleshooting tasks for VoIP calls Good understanding of traditional telephony – FXO, FXS interfaces Good understanding on MOS Scores for VoIP Calls Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer to pull VoIP traces and sharing them accordingly with various third party carriers/vendors. Support MDM solution like JAMF Basic SQL queries to run call reports.. Owns key initiatives and drives through completion Occasional travel might be required… Minimum of 3 years' experience (networking and VoIP) required, 5 years preferred Working knowledge of TCP/IP Strong Knowledge of SIP, H323, RTP, SRTP, RTCP Protocols Knowledge of Linux (RHEL, Debian): Security, Bash, TCP/IP, High Availability, Package management (yum, dnf, apt) Experience with Asterisk (AGI, ARI, AMI), Elastix.. Programming skills in bash, php, perl, python Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude, work well in teams A commitment to customer service and great attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications or equivalent work experience DCAP Certification desired CCNA Collaboration Certification Oracle Communications Session Border Certification desired Ability to troubleshoot systems issues in real time, without causing additional downtime. Proven Telecom experience with VoIP protocols. Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer. Excellent communication and customer service skills, including the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Knowledge of UNIX and Linux systems is a plus. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID1055:

ScrapedJobID1056:
Manage technical planning and operations spanning multiple systems and technologies Lead the resolution of complex production issues spanning multiple systems and technologies Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve IAM infrastructure Develop and maintain service metrics dashboards for all IAM systems and dependent components Demonstrate innovations, and support knowledge-sharing across other IT Agile teams Support the maturity of the IAM roadmaps, standards and practices, in collaboration with the Portfolio architect Participate in the design and test DR/BCP solutions in collaboration with other groups Help support and sustain technology and process continuous improvements Remain current on developments in the Identity and Access Management space Facilitate effective team discussion, decision-making and communication Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity Regularly write wiki articles, and participate in issue and team retrospectives Identify repetitive tasks and build tools / processes for automation Architect and design IAM and security improvements in public and private cloud Support and build IAM features / enhancements Collaborate with vendor(s) and support the scheduling of upgrades Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Analyze business requirements to develop technical solutions 5+ years' experience in a similar role Needs to have Azure IAM experience along with authentication and tools like CyberArk, and Okta etc. You understand DevOps as a working practice and avoid waste where practical University degree in Computer Science, Information Management, or related field Experience with Identity and Access Management solutions in multiple environments (Active Directory, Azure AD, Azure MFA, CyberArk, Cisco ISE, Dash lane) Experience with modern authentication protocols (Oauth,SAML,ADAL,PKI) Knowledge of Password management systems and best practices
(CyberArk, Last Pass) (CyberArk, Last Pass) Knowledge on related security / network Infrastructure
(AAA, Logging, SIEM) (AAA, Logging, SIEM) Experience with Identity management platforms
(Azure AD, Idaptive, Okta, Duo etc.) (Azure AD, Idaptive, Okta, Duo etc.) Knowledge of AAA standards Knowledge of design patterns Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment A thought-leader in the identity space who can clearly express ideas, concepts, and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Is experienced with desired state configuration technologies, such as Terraform and Ansible Experienced with leading delivery of major technology features in a complex fast-paced environment Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work Hold relevant industry certifications (including, but not limited to)
Azure / AWS Certified Identity / Security Specialization)
Active Directory
Cisco CCNA, CCNP
Cisco ISE
CISSP
CCSP
CyberArk
VMware Azure / AWS Certified Identity / Security Specialization) Active Directory Cisco CCNA, CCNP Cisco ISE CISSP CCSP CyberArk VMware 
ScrapedJobID1057:
Applying knowledge strategically Takes ownership for own work’s quality, compliance and technical accuracy Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensures own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards Ability to work with minimal supervision Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues Speak, listen and write in a clear, thorough and timely manner using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques Establish and maintain positive working relationships with others both internally and externally to achieve the goals of the organization Anticipates and prepares for responses or reactions of others with sensitivity and directness Experience in install/configure/customize for SailPoint IIQ Ability to drive conversation for design and development for LifeCycle Management Understand complex workflows and integrations for SailPoint IIQ Experience with IIQ integration(s) such as ServiceNow, RACF, Active Directory, Workday, Azure, SAP HR/Direct, API, JDBC and Delimited files Able to troubleshoot complex issues in SailPoint IIQ Experience with Java/Beanshell/SQL Role D Certified SailPoint IIQ Engineer an asset Understand and experience with IdentityNow an asset 
ScrapedJobID1058:
Intégration des solutions de scanning de sécurité. Sécurisation des différents processus du CI-CD (exemple : signature des images Docker). Collaboration (JIRA/Confluence). Gestion de code source (Git-Bitbucket). Serveurs d’intégration continue (Jenkins 2 avec concept de pipeline as code). Gestion d’artéfacts (Nexus, Artifactory). Rapport et tableaux de bords (SonarQube). Provisionnement (Ansible, Terraform). Plus d’outils de provisionnement et d’orchestration (Docker/k8s). 
ScrapedJobID1059:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID1060:
Agir en tant qu'expert en matière d'application ou de programme de sécurité auprès des unités commerciales, le support technique et les fournisseurs de sécurité, en signalant et en coordonnant la résolution des demandes d'amélioration, et les problèmes, et faciliter la recherche de produits; Servir de contact pour une assistance et un soutien aux utilisateurs en temps réel pour la sécurité de l'information; Répondre aux demandes écrites et verbales des employés et/ou des départements/branches concernés. départements/branches concernés; Examiner les journaux et les rapports des systèmes de sécurité et se tenir informé des violations des politiques de sécurité ou des infractions aux systèmes de sécurité. des politiques de sécurité ou des violations des systèmes de sécurité, en signalant rapidement toute anomalie importante au directeur. signaler rapidement toute anomalie importante au responsable; Coordonner l'examen et la validation de l'accès des utilisateurs aux applications et aux réseaux.; Créer et maintenir les références techniques appropriées et le développement; Créer et maintenir les références techniques appropriées et le développement, l'assurance qualité et le contrôle des changements à l'appui des intérêts de la sécurité de l'information; Faire des recommandations sur les procédures de bureau du département et documenter les procédures pour les nouveaux processus; Aide à l'évaluation et à la mise en œuvre de nouveaux produits, services ou méthodologies de sécurité des données, produits, services ou méthodologies de sécurité des données; Traiter les demandes d'accès aux systèmes de sécurité afin de refléter l'administration des utilisateurs et des ressources autorisés; Résoudre les problèmes remontés dans le traitement des demandes d'accès; Fournir à la direction des rapports sur les paramètres, les problèmes et/ou les risques liés au programme ou au projet; Diriger des projets liés aux systèmes et programmes de sécurité assignés; Effectuer d'autres tâches selon les besoins. Posséder un baccalauréat de préférence; Avoir un diplôme d'études secondaires est obligatoire; Détenir une connaissance avancée du domaine d'activité généralement obtenue par une formation supérieure combinée à une expérience pertinente; Posséder une expérience préalable pertinente d'au moins (5) cinq ans; Avoir une connaissance pratique de la gestion de projet. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1061:
Location: Etobicoke Job Type: Full Time Industry: IT Services Number of Vacancies: 2 1-5 years experience in IT support. Solid spoken French and English proficiency is a must. New learning (cloud or security or other IT related subject) in last 2 years is a must. Good understanding of IT concepts for networking, servers, client support. Specialty in an area would be a plus. (In cyber-security, networking, MDM, other) Have good ability to talk to clients. No 
ScrapedJobID1062:
Collaborating with peers to execute daily operations and special projects Updating and maintaining network equipment Maintaining and resolving issues on LAN/WAN, VoIP telephone switches, routers, firewall, Wi-Fi, etc. Coordinating with vendors to resolve technical problems with network equipment and software Travel to our different North American locations to implement new technology and infrastructure solutions. Document network configurations, problems, and related resolutions. Support and implement change management strategies. Monitor system performance and implement performance optimization. Work closely with Technology Architects and Systems Analysts to implement, maintain, and support infrastructure and network solutions. Sharing knowledge, discoveries, ideas, challenges, and solutions with peers, Managers, and Executives When necessary, ensure emergency operational support outside office hours. Bilingual – French and English. Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, network administration, system administration or equivalent 3+ years of experience as Network Technician Working knowledge of networking protocols and standards: IP and Ethernet technologies, routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) and service quality parameters (QoS). Experience with structured cabling design and implementations. Knowledge of telecommunication industry in the following areas: LAN, WAN, VPN, IP Telephony, and wireless technology. Knowledge of network technologies in multisite environment. Experience with network monitoring solutions (ex. PRTG) Technical certifications are an asset (Cisco CCNA, ITIL, CISSP, etc.) Knowledge of enterprise security environments. Excellent attention-to-detail and ability to stay organized Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and work under pressure Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong capacity to work with the sense of urgency. Ability to prioritize and multitask. Innovative problem-solver, creativity, and detail-oriented planner. Good sense of adaptability in a diversified environment, working with technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with end-user support and understanding of the internal customer’s perspective. Demonstrate patience and empathy. Creative and proactive approach to network and cyber-security environments. Experience providing network solutions is a manufacturing enterprise is an asset. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) network technician: 3 years (preferred) French (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1063:

ScrapedJobID1064:

ScrapedJobID1065:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID1066:
Lead the implementation, configuration, and daily operation of Information Security technologies that are implemented in cloud environments and on-premise Manage and support Security technology across various business units for the client Monitor and advise on Information Security compliance related to IT to ensure security controls are functioning appropriately Support the ongoing Security control processes within the enterprise which includes security technologies, networks, information systems, and endpoints both on-premise and in the cloud Influences internal partners to ensure they build solutions consistent with the organization's planned policies, programs, architectural recommendations, and Information Security standards Manage requirements documentation, analyzes opinions, and proposes solutions that leverage resources for highly sophisticated projects Assist in the design and implementation of resilient Information Security architecture and technologies for efficient threat protection, monitoring, and Incident Response Analyzes threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to environment including the identification and resolution of false-positive findings in assessment results, as well as perform compensating controls analysis and validate the efficacy of existing controls Understanding of threat models, impact levels, and the different approaches and methodologies i.e. black/grey/white box testing Develop innovative and secure solutions and provide mentorship for our clients' stakeholders Work with Security and IT stakeholders to implement a risk management program that allows for the identification and remediation of Information Security risks Advise the organization about Information Security threats, technologies, and related regulatory requirements Develop and implement Information Security metrics, measurement criteria, and reporting to ensure compliance and continuous improvement for cloud tools and environments Assesses information technology control elements to mitigate IT risks regarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of business information 5+ years of Security System administration and engineering experience 2+ years of SOC experience, or responding to cybersecurity investigations 2+ years experience with SIEM, DLP, and CASB CCSP, CCSK, CISSP, CISM, ISO 27001/27002 certifications as an asset 2+ years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform capabilities and best practices architectures, Google Compute Platform (GCP) an asset Experience with Splunk, Tripwire, HX, Qradar, McAfee, F5, Imperva, Nexpose, Fortinet, or similar technologies Virtualization and cloud platforms: VMware, Xenserver and KVM, OpenStack, Cloudstack, AWS, GCP Linux and/or Windows administration and troubleshooting experience Programming/scripting experience, preferably with a diversity of languages Proficient in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components such as Apache, IIS, memcache, MySQL, SQL Server, etc. Experience utilizing or implementing the MITRE ATT&CK framework. Experience with UEBA and other Security Analytics Platforms. General Networking skills required (Layer 2 & 3 switches, OSI Model, TCP/IP, SNMP, etc.) Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to communicate with customers, vendors and partners, and across all levels of the organization Ability to interact, develop, engineer, and communicate at the highest technical levels of interpersonal decision-making Excellent oral and written communications for the development of the security program, strategy, guidelines, policies, standards, and for presentations to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels of the organization Ability to build and work with multi-disciplinary teams to achieve goals and to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Works well under pressure and time constraints and can prioritize competing priorities appropriately Strong business and technical acumen. 10% Target Bonus DC Pension (with 4% matching) ESPP (Optional) - with matching up to $3500/yr 3 weeks vacation+ 2 Personal Day + 2 Impact Days (for Charity work) Benefits Start the first day 
ScrapedJobID1067:
Supervision des ingénieurs de quart, des techniciens et des membres de l'équipe de maintenance. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec toutes les équipes de soutien sur une base quotidienne pour assurer la direction de la main-d'oeuvre et les activités d'ingénierie planifiées pour soutenir pleinement les opérations. L'évaluation des compétences de l'équipe d'ingénierie et l'aide à l'amélioration et à la formation du personnel, y compris l'intégration de la maintenance de première ligne de l'usine et de l'équipement. Gestion et développement des processus du département, y compris les transferts d'équipes, les briefings et les rapports/résolutions de défauts. Rapports et suivi de la saisie des données pour les activités d'automatisation et de maintenance. Capacité à diriger de l'avant, à assurer la précision du rythme et des normes. Vous devez être familier et compétent avec l'ingénierie mécanique ou électrique pour permettre la prise de décision. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans la gestion d'une équipe de quart dans un environnement automatisé. Un baccalauréat en électricité et/ou mécanique de préférence. Une bonne capacité technique relative au matériel et au logiciel d'automatisation. Une bonne organisation et la capacité de planifier et de prioriser - un bon sens du détail, une bonne résolution de problèmes. Connaissance des systèmes MHE de préférence Excellentes compétences verbales et écrites en anglais et en français Expérience de travail avec des systèmes informatisés de gestion de la maintenance. Supervision of shift engineers, technicians, and maintenance shift members Working closely with all support teams on a daily basis to ensure direction of labor, and planned engineering activities fully support operation. Assessment of engineering team skills and assisting in upskilling and training of staff, including integration of first line maintenance of plant and equipment. Management and development of department processes; including shift handovers, briefs, and defect reporting/resolving Reporting and monitoring of data capture for automation and maintenance activities Ability to lead from the front, driving pace accuracy and standards. Must be familiar and competent with either mechanical or electrical engineering to enable decision making. A minimum of 5 years' experience managing a shift team within an automated environment. A bachelor's degree in electrical and/or mechanical preferred. Good technical ability relating to automation hardware and software. Well organized and the ability to plan and prioritize- good eye for detail, good problem solving Knowledge of MHE systems preferred Excellent verbal and written English & French skills Experience of working with computerized maintenance management systems. 
ScrapedJobID1068:
Travailler avec une équipe agile pour déployer, tester et maintenir le logiciel de support VA-Infra; Maintenir et améliorer les performances des logiciels existants; Participer au cycle de livraison continue d'intégration continue (CICD); Résoudre les problèmes opérationnels de sécurité en temps opportun, gérer les problèmes escaladés et assurer le suivi des éléments en suspens rapidement; Développer des mesures préventives et construire la documentation; Contribuer à la réunion de projet et rendre compte de l'état du problème. Solide expertise en administration système Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu…) et en virtualisation (VMWare et technologies de conteneur…); Solide expertise en solution d'automatisation (Ansible) et connaissance pratique d'Ansible Tower; Connaissance approfondie de Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) et des spécifications matérielles; Connaissance intermédiaire et pratique de la sécurité de l'information et des réseaux (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, pare-feu) dans un environnement moyen ou grand; Connaissance pratique de la programmation/script et des outils de développement (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Connaissance de la gestion des actifs (IPAM) et des technologies de journalisation (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP et certificats connexes sont des atouts, ainsi que bilingue (anglais et français); Work with an agile team to deploy, test, and maintain VA-Infra supporting software; Maintain and improve the performance of existing software; Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle; SME on scanner deployment projects with multiple business units; Resolve security operational problems in timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly; Develop preventive measures and build documentation; Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status. Solid expertise in Linux system admin (CentOS, Ubuntu…) and virtualization (VMWare and container technologies…); Solid expertise in automation solution (Ansible) and working knowledge of Ansible Tower; Deep knowledge of Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) and hardware specs; Intermediate and working knowledge of Information Security and networking (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, Firewall) in medium or large environment; Working knowledge of programming/scripting and the development tools (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Knowledge of asset management (IPAM), and logging techs (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP and related certificates are assets, as well as bilingual (English and French); Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively; Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teams; Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization; Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process; Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment; Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business. 
ScrapedJobID1069:
Conditional & Custom Access Management Policies (single sign-on, MFA, etc.) Risk-Based Authentication & Authorization Password Management Privileged Identity Management (just in-time orchestration) Integration of third party “Access Management” solutions (e.g., Ping, RSA, or SecureAuth) as applicable The ideal candidate will serve in the role of Architect and Engineer within our delivery team along with supporting pre-sales activities while adhering to Optiv's standards and best practices. Additional Requirements include but are not limited to the following: Strategic planning with respect to migration from on-prem to Azure along with the management of hybrid echo systems Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls that mitigate risks with respect to migration to the cloud along with the management of hybrid echo systems utilizing Microsoft Azure Active Directory “Access Management” solution suite Assist in the selection and tailoring of approaches, methods, and tools to support service offerings or industry projects Use technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design, and/or implement products and services Identify opportunities to improve engagement profitability. Understand clients’ business environment and basic risk management approaches Develop information security strategies and plans based upon generally accepted security standards Utilize knowledge of business processes, internal control risk management, IT controls, business and information technology management processes, and market trends on client engagements Build and nurture strong client relationships Preference will be given to those who hold a Government of Canada Secret Security Clearance. Bachelor's (or higher) degree in computer science, information systems, math, decision sciences, risk management or related field preferred (willing to accept foreign education equivalent or equivalent experience) 5+ years’ experience related to designing, implementing or supporting Access Management and Federation solutions and 2-3 years direct Access Management consulting experience with Microsoft Azure Access Management solution suite (Conditional & Custom Access Management Policies, Privileged Identity Manager, just in time orchestration, etc.) Strong understanding of Authentication, Authorization, MFA, SSO, Federation, and Privileged Identity Manager capabilities with respect to the Microsoft Azure Access Management solution Solid written and verbal communication skills Preferred certifications AZ-900 Fundamentals & Az-500 Azure Architect Knowledge of formal architecture documentation processes such as UML and of Software Development Lifecycle Effective at presenting information to different audiences at the correct level of detail (e.g., from engineering teams to executive management) Experience must include minimum: Solution implementation of Microsoft Azure Active Directory Access Management solution along with one or more other Access Management and Federation solutions such as PingFederate, PingAccess, Ping Directory, Okta or at least equivalent solutions (e.g., CA (siteMinder, AuthMinder, Identity Minder, Federation Security, Directory), or Oracle (Directory, Access Manager, Identity Federation, etc.) Developing or integrating federated identity solutions using SAML, OAuth, or OpenID. Working with web-services technologies such as REST and SOAP Working with various user directories and databases; thorough understanding of Active Directory, Oracle Directory, Radiant Logic VDS, etc. Relevant experience in HTML, XML, HTTP and JavaScript skills Capable of defining strategic and tactical solutions, and knowing when each applies Capable of supporting sales processes as relates to proof of concepts, demos, proposal development Good to have: One or more of SSCP, Security +, CISSP, CISA certification/s A company committed to championing Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion through Affinity groups including but not limited to, Women's Network, Optiv Pride, Black Employee Network, and Veterans Support Network. Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge Professional training resources, including tuition reimbursement Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projects Volunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities. The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1070:
Providing day-to-day maintenance and support of client IT infrastructure. Configuring and managing virtual servers. Operating and maintaining production systems, as well as providing hardware and software support. Maintaining a high level of direct client interaction. Monitoring systems operations using enterprise-level tools Communicate with customers via telephone, in writing or in person. Provide status updates on outstanding tickets and current projects Microsoft Windows Server and Cloud Solutions, Azure, Microsoft Office, Networking, Windows, Firewalls, VOIP Telephony, Routing Professional Development Assistance Health Benefits Package Flex Days High River, Alberta 44 hours Monday to Friday Weekends and after hours on call in rotation Commission pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call High River, AB: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) Computer networking: 2 years (preferred) driver's license (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1071:
Maintenir en condition opérationnelle les infrastructures de gestion de la sécurité en diagnostiquant les pannes et les défaillances et en y remédiant lorsque requis; Veiller à la haute disponibilité de l'ensemble des composantes de sécurité réseau en vue d’assurer la disponibilité des services; Prendre en charge les demandes de services provenant du centre d’assistance technologique pour les demandes de niveaux 2 et 3; Assurer quotidiennement la vigie et la surveillance des périmètres de sécurité de l’environnement technologique et des différentes applications de mission; Assurer une maintenance évolutive et corrective en fonction des grandes évolutions technologiques (notamment les changements de versions) et assurer un support technique de second niveau; Appliquer les correctifs de sécurité; Optimiser les performances des systèmes; Collaborer aux projets d’architecture et de développement des TI en développant des indicateurs de qualité et performance lorsque requis; Être disponible à l’extérieur des heures de bureau pour effectuer un support technique ponctuel ou planifié, en fonction des besoins; Réaliser des mandats d’amélioration technologiques et fournir des conseils experts au besoin. Posséder cinq (5) années d’expérience en exploitation de la sécurité informatique, incluant la gestion des VPN et des passerelles de filtrage des accès à internet; Avoir une expérience dans l'administration des coupe-feux Fortigate, Checkpoint ou Cisco ASA; Posséder une expérience dans l'administration des répartiteurs de charge F5 BigIP ou l'équivalent; Démontrer de l’expérience en administration des coupe- feux applicatifs (WAF); Avoir réalisé deux (2) mandats dans un environnement de sécurité technologique de complexité et d’envergure similaire; Avoir réalisé deux (2) mandats nécessitant une participation au processus de gestion d'incidents et de problèmes; Avoir réalisé un (1) mandat nécessitant la réalisation de chacun des biens livrables suivants : guide d’exploitation, plan d'implantation ou de mise en opération et demande de changement; Posséder de l’expérience en sécurité infonuagique; Avoir un très bon français. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1072:
Analyser les données pour détecter les tendances, faire des recommandations et fournir des rapports Diriger les activités visant à évaluer l’adhésion aux processus de sécurité de l’information Repérer les occasions d’amélioration des processus et faire des recommandations sur les pratiques exemplaires Servir de point d’escalade et de mentor pour le personnel moins chevronné Contribuer à la documentation des processus et aider à la maintenir Développer des procédures de travail sécuritaire; déterminer et suggérer des améliorations possibles à apporter aux procédures Collaborer avec la direction pour déterminer les paramètres de sécurité de l’information et diriger la collecte de ceux-ci Se tenir au courant des nouvelles et des tendances en matière de sécurité de l’information Créer, exécuter et améliorer les processus et procédures dans des domaines tels que la gestion des identités et des accès, la création et la gestion des politiques, des normes et des contrôles de sécurité, la gestion de la conformité, la gestion des risques, la formation, l’évaluation des vulnérabilités et les mesures correctives Soutenir les services GIA en mettant en place des dispositions d’accès complexes, en effectuant des révisions d’accès, en créant des rôles et en fournissant de l’assistance aux utilisateurs finaux Réaliser la gestion du cycle de vie des comptes et l’intégration des applications dans les services GIA, la mise en place des dispositions, la gouvernance d’accès, la création d’accès basés sur les rôles, la gouvernance d’accès privilégiés, ainsi que l’assistance aux utilisateurs finaux pour les problèmes liés aux services GIA Résoudre des problèmes complexes et interdépendants qui couvrent les technologies, les unités d’affaires et les services GIA, tels que la gestion des rôles, la mise en place de dispositions automatisées, la gouvernance GIA, la réception de nouveaux travaux, la conception et l’optimisation des processus Participer en tant que membre d’équipes interfonctionnelles à la résolution de problèmes complexes liés aux services GIA, à la création et à l’optimisation des processus, ainsi qu’à la mise en œuvre de nouveaux services et technologies Répondre à des demandes complexes de services, d’accès et d’information en matière de sécurité de l’information Rédiger et comprendre les politiques, normes et procédures de sécurité Appliquer les normes de conformité aux règlements et donner des conseils sur les questions de conformité et les solutions Collaborer avec les principales parties prenantes pour élaborer ou mettre à jour les documents relatifs à la sécurité de l’information, tels que les politiques, les normes, les procédures et les formations Créer et optimiser les cadres et les outils et diriger les évaluations des processus d’application et d’affaires pour aider Lowe’s Canada à intégrer les services de sécurité Travailler avec l’équipe TI et l’entreprise pour résoudre les problèmes d’accès Baccalauréat en informatique, en science informatique, en ingénierie, en administration des affaires, en cybersécurité ou dans un domaine connexe (ou encore expérience de travail équivalente dans un domaine connexe) Au moins 4 années d’expérience en sécurité de l’information Compréhension intermédiaire des concepts fondamentaux de sécurité et de réseau (sécurité Windows et Unix) : verrouillage du système d’exploitation; journalisation et surveillance; sécurité des applications; accès des utilisateurs; principes de protection du périmètre; règles de communication du réseau; méthodes de détection et d’analyse des intrusions; etc.) Expérience dans la mise en œuvre et l’exploitation de la technologie GIA (p. ex., CA, SailPoint, OKTA, SSO, MFA, IGA, Microsoft AD) (propre aux rôles de gestion des identités et des accès) Bilinguisme parlé et écrit (français et anglais) Expérience en TI dans le secteur du commerce de détail (un atout) Certifications pertinentes dans le domaine de la sécurité de l’information (p. ex., CISSP, CRISC, CISA ou autres) Approche axée sur le service à la clientèle Compétences en analyse et résolution de problèmes Communication efficace Excellentes compétences techniques Expérience dans la sécurité des réseaux et de l’internet Capacité de cueillir et d’analyser des données Aisance dans l’analyse des processus d’affaires Compétences en formation et en présentation Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Starbucks et Tim Hortons Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de Lowe’s Canada) Des avantages sociaux : régime de retraite, primes annuelles, régime d’achat d’actions, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc. Des horaires flexibles et du télétravail Bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques Possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté Et plus encore! 
ScrapedJobID1073:
Bonus pay Monday to Friday COBIT Framework: 5 years (required) I.T. Auditor: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1074:
Manages people and leads a team capable of delivering the desired business results. Knowledge of and experience in developing statistical models with experience in fraud and or cyber preferred. Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies. May network with industry contacts to gain competitive insights and best practices. Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO's purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Provides strategic input into business decisions as a trusted advisor. Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies. May network with industry contacts to gain competitive insights and best practices. Ensures alignment between analytics, business and technical sides of strategies to improve performance and effectiveness. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy. Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Leads the execution of operational programs; assesses and adapts as needed to ensure quality of execution. Applies risk mitigation and management methods to manage/refines risk approaches within the function/process. Ensures policies, processes and controls are implemented and adhered to. Develops/manages comprehensive information management systems; designs and/or leads initiatives to improve processes, analysis and reporting. Leads/participates in the design, implementation and management of core business/group processes. Identifies and understands new and emerging patterns of fraud, both external and internal. Identifies and acquires appropriate data for fraud analysis based on knowledge of BMO product, data warehouse systems and architectural linkages. Develops complex technical rules/ scenarios to maximize the effectiveness of fraud detection and prevention programs. Applies statistical, data mining and pattern analysis techniques to determine relationships between transactions, customer data and known/predicted fraudulent behaviours. Summarizes statistical findings, draws conclusions and presents actionable business recommendations. Conducts programming as required for data mining mainframe jobs and develops detection rules/ scenarios or automated reports for Investigator use. Develops and maintains models and metrics, scenarios, profiles and parameters used to improve the efficiency of fraud detection systems. Manages risk and minimizes losses through monitoring, controlling, audits and verifications in accordance with compliance requirements, policies, procedures and regulations. Provides leadership and oversight on the identification, analysis and resolution of issues, recommending appropriate courses of action and creating solutions. Supports development and execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with stakeholders. Leads/participates in the design, implementation and management of core business/group processes. Operates at a group/enterprise-wide level and serves as a specialist resource to senior leaders and stakeholders. Applies expertise and thinks creatively to address unique or ambiguous situations and to find solutions to problems that can be complex and non-routine. Implements changes in response to shifting trends. Typically 7+ years of relevant experience and a Masters degree in related field of study. Advanced technical skills and knowledge. Advanced knowledge of fraud and security management. Advanced knowledge of Statistical Analyses and Advanced Modeling techniques. In-depth knowledge of risk and technology management as applied to fraud and/or criminal risk. Seasoned professional with a combination of education, experience and industry knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth / Expert. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth / Expert. Influence skills - In-depth / Expert. Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration - In-depth / Expert. Able to manage ambiguity. Data driven decision making - In-depth / Expert. 
ScrapedJobID1075:

ScrapedJobID1076:
Bonus pay Monday to Friday COBIT Framework: 5 years (required) I.T. Auditor: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1077:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) * VMWare & SAN technologies: 3 years (required) Linux (predominantly CentOS): 5 years (required) * Firewall/Nokia and Checkpoint technologies: 3 years (required) Perl, PHP, BASH scripting and knowledge of Java: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1078:
Strong stakeholder management with a customer-centric focus and collaborative approach to problem solving is a must. Excellent planning, organization and time management skills to ensure successful completion of all tasks across multiple streams of work. This includes the ability to understand and navigate competing priorities, as well as to adapt and respond to changing priorities. Strong critical thinker and self-motivated. Ability to put the pieces of a complex puzzle together, driving towards results in an ambiguous environment. We don't always know the answers or have a clear picture of the end goal, so it is up to the analyst to investigate and figure it out. The analyst must be comfortable navigating a complex organization to find the right person to talk to. The analyst must be able to persevere continuously, bouncing back with the right questions in response to information received, until end of job. Excellent communication skills. Has the ability to represent technical information in a way that is consumable by various stakeholder groups. Has the ability to elicit technical information from, and communicate business impacts to, less technical business partners. Experience in delivering infrastructure related solutions is preferred. Technical aptitude is a must. Experience with ITIL Service Management, COBIT, ICOFR, and change management is an asset. Experience with Agile methodology frameworks (e.g. Scrum, Kanban) an asset. Strong consideration given to candidates with industry related certifications and designations (e.g. CBAP, Lean Six-Sigma, ITIL, etc.) Business Systems Analyst will support the systems and process analysis activities of projects in the Infrastructure & Operations domain of the Canada Technology organization. Projects in this domain implement changes in areas such as Compute & Storage (e.g. Upgrading, maintenance and support of SQL, DB2 and Oracle database platforms, mainframe, and file and object storage platforms), Network (e.g. Upgrading, maintenance and support of firewalls, DMZs, and load balancers), Cloud IAAS solutions, Service Management, Cyber Security and Technology Risk. For each assignment, develop a Business Analysis Plan as a means to understand the project scope and business context, perform stakeholder analysis, establish analysis expectations with project team members and develop work breakdown structure with time/effort estimates. Elicitation and documentation stakeholder requirements, solution requirements (functional and non-functional) and transitional requirements. As these are infrastructure projects, there is a strong focus on non-functional requirements, including disaster recovery, privacy, security and risk requirements. Manage the requirements through the project lifecycle, ensuring that requirements are validated, verified and approved, and ensure the implemented solution meets the business needs through requirements traceability. Identify and document current state business and system processes and work with process owners to build the proposed future state by identifying process gaps, process improvement opportunities, and impacts due to technology implementations, while assessing impacts to other business processes, stakeholders and systems. Examples of deliverables include process workflow/swim-lane diagrams and RASCI charts. Contribute to other project implementation activities and deliverables, including process and system design, testing, organizational change management, technical support documentation, risk management, assessing organizational readiness and business impact analysis, implementation roll-out and project closeout. 
ScrapedJobID1079:
Certification: GCP Solution Architect – Associate or GCP SysOps - Associate Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes Monday to Friday GCP Cloud Operations Senior Engineer: 8 years (preferred) GCP Solution Architect Certification (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1080:
Responsible for leading the Third-Party risk assessments and overall due diligence assessments of Software Vendors/Suppliers Individual supporting physical office move from Hong Kong to Singapore In this move, individual will be using the RSA software to coordinate with vendors/suppliers the risk of moving their services over to a new country (reopen the records, re assess the vendor/supplier risk that goes with changing countries) Serves as central point-of-contact for third parties and business partners, while ensuring effective regional and global execution of the Supplier Management Framework model Assists the business partners in performing third party risk assessments and overall due diligence activities as outlined by regulators and internal policies Supports the business partners in the management of supplier performance monitoring and oversight activities through reviews and documenting required post-contract activities (e.g., SOC reviews) Identifies risk findings, communicating impact to the business partners and work with IT Risk teams to ensure timely and accurate closure of open issues Engages third parties in obtaining documentation and information to support required due diligence reviews Extended and/or off-hour work schedules where necessary, in support of global operations and high priority work assignments 2+ years’ experience working in SW Vendor risk management - assessing the risk of a vendor’s SW, whether to bring them aboard PMP or BA background Information Security background and certifications would be ideal (Cyber Security certification would be added bonus, understanding SW that may be sitting on the Cloud) Technical Business background required - so that they understand the SW world of the vendors will be dealing with– understanding of SW lifecycle, management, single sign on Will be using both GRC RSA Archer application system (system that assess risk of a supplier) and iValua (database where store supplier information) Demonstrate skills in managing multiple projects and partnering relationships Very strong information seeking, creative problem solver, decision making, planning, collaboration and coordination skills MS Office Demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy Excellent and confident written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1081:
As a member of a Global Support Success team, the Sr. Client Services Engineer will be instrumental in replicating complex customer problems, diagnosing possible causation, recommending remediation techniques, and managing level 2 to 3 customer interactions. In addition, Sr. Technical Support Engineer will provide mentorship to support peers and be a backup resource for the team lead. The primary focus of this positon is to assist with defining methodologies and processes that will improve the overall management of customer reported problems to the greatest degree possible. The Sr. Client Services Engineer must be able to work under minimal supervision. This position will work closely with the global support teams, team lead, and core engineering teams to assure effective cross communication between the team for customer issue and will attend team calls to free up the team lead to focus more on the daily management of the support staff. The Sr. Technical Support Engineer will also work closely with product and program managers, customers, and third party vendors as necessary, providing support throughout the customer issue lifecycle. Answer customers' questions and troubleshoot and resolve customer issues with complex technical products over the telephone or via electronic communications in the areas of system configurations/setup, product functionality and bugs/enhancements/upgrades. Advise customers, work to diagnose customer issues with client Encryption products, and interpret logs and error messages as well as interrogate and understand the customer environment where the products are being used. Recommend solutions and workarounds to known problems and provide advice to customers on how to apply the solution or workaround. Provide guidance and support on how to use client products with 3rd party solutions and supported integrations. Reproduce previously unknown issues (if need be) and interface with the Client Services Product Champion providing the customer setup and steps to reproduce the issues. Identify and document issues consistently and clearly using group tools. Support implementation of hotfixes and patches to minimize risk of unexpected issues and insure that the fix resolves the customer problem. Active Directory and LDAP based directories. RADIUS authentication and authorization traffic flow (IAS/NPS) Ability to analyze sniffer traces and be able to resolve routing and firewall issues. Networking skills like following but not limited to: TCPIP, knowledge of routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) MS Windows Server and Linux 5-7 years experience VMWARE SERVER 
ScrapedJobID1082:
8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour 
ScrapedJobID1083:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end. Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous avez 5+ ans d'expérience dans divers standards industriels. Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : Opérations de pare-feu tels que les pare-feu Fortinet, Checkpoint et Cisco ASA Web Proxy ou similaire Technologie VPN à distance et de site à site Équilibreurs de charge comme NetScaler et F5 Compréhension générale des normes de sécurité des réseaux Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k - STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage - EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista Vous avez au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux. L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée. Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique. Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents. Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes. Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1084:
Manage information technology and computer systems Manage IT staff by recruiting, training, coaching employees, and performance management Offer expertise in Office 365, Office 365 Administration and MS Suite of desktop applications Provides leadership and support in maintaining key organizational platforms - Office 365, SharePoint, Dynamics GP, Tessitura, Ceridian, MyPOS, Honeywell Control Systems Develop and implement long and short-range implementation plans for IT strategy that meets Science North’s business expectations and culture, leveraging visitor data, as well as IT governance, stability, security, compliance and privacy goals Serve as Science North’s Subject Matter Expert for IT Strategy projects including Cloud Migration, IT mapping, IT Technical upgrades, Customer Experience and Data collection, as well as the integration of Science North’s Ticketing, CRM, Point of Sale systems and Facilities and Security software Offer knowledge and experience with Cisco IP telephony systems, including implementation, integration, support, knowledge and experience with maintaining Video Conferencing hardware and software Oversee and determine time frames for major IT projects including system updates, upgrades, and migrations Budget, Schedule, Scope, Quality and Risk Accountability Project documentation (Project Management Plan(s), Project Schedule, Risk/Issues/Change Tracking, etc.) Customer and supplier relations Negotiation and procurement Communication portal Project status meetings, reports, and work product review Formal project In Progress Reports (IPR) Contractor performance, work standards, work schedules, and quality of all work products and services Analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions Responsible for maintaining regular checks on network and data security Identify and act on opportunities to improve and update software and systems Develop and deliver training programs and workshops for staff Conduct regular system audits Manage and report on IT budgets Provide direction for IT team members Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, engineering or relevant field Minimum 10 years’ experience in information technology and data management, ie solutions architect, IT Management, data administration and management processes Documented expertise in Cloud and Application Migration initiatives IT Project Management and leadership skills Strong analytical, facilitation and problem solving skills Comfortable speaking and presenting to senior leadership stakeholders Hands-on involvement in delivering or producing IT policies and procedures Experience managing technical teams and building cohesive team environments Documentation and communication experience Organized, structured, able to plan and manage own workload and multiple priorities Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to think strategically and execute tactically, enabling cross-functional business teams Ability work in fast-paced environment while following best practices and company processes Self-motivated, proactive, and driven team-player attitude Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Information Technology: 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1085:
Être responsable du service IAM et des systèmes de service et être responsable de la conception des services et des processus IAM; Agir en tant que référent pour toutes les questions relatives au périmètre d'identité et d'accès (processus, personnes, technologie) et au concept standard IAM (gouvernance d'identité et d'accès, gestion du cycle de vie, gestion de la sécurité des données, sources faisant autorité, certification d'accès, synchronisation, réconciliation); Être responsable de la conduite et de la livraison de l'analyse et de la modélisation des données des systèmes d'identité; Être responsable de la conception et des exigences pour le cycle de vie complet de l'IAM; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour comprendre comment les processus sont mis en œuvre et apporter des changements en fonction des risques identifiés ou des problèmes de flux de travail; Contribuer à la conception, à la planification, à la mise en œuvre et au soutien des initiatives stratégiques en matière d'IAM; Développer, maintenir et contrôler les politiques, les processus et les directives; Agir en tant que référent pour l'architecture liée à la composante IAM; Agir en tant que référent pour la création, l'identification ou la modification des processus; Responsable de l'introduction et de la gestion du changement dans le service IAM; Diriger l'intégration des données d'identité des applications en fin de vie et l'intégration de ces données dans le modèle global; Diriger et suggérer des étapes de construction de l'état futur pour les éléments techniques et de processus; Coordonner, définir et collaborer avec les parties prenantes concernant la politique, le développement et la gouvernance; Diriger le développement des processus d'identité régis par des contrôles réglementaires; Diriger le changement et la migration du système d'identité, y compris les approches de migration et la mise en œuvre du changement dans l'environnement commercial; Gestion des relations entre l'équipe IAM, les autres équipes informatiques, le service informatique de l'entreprise et les utilisateurs/gestionnaires de l'entreprise. Avoir une connaissance générale de la sécurité informatique; Posséder une expérience de conseiller et de consultant, expérience en architecture ou autre expérience technique pertinente avec les sources et les applications d'identité; Détenir une expérience de la propriété des services IAM. SSO, PAM, IAM, IGI, SOD, RBAC; Avoir une expérience de la transition/migration/mise à niveau de systèmes; Détenir une compétence avec la stratégie et de la gouvernance IAM; Posséder une expérience en tant que PME ou architecte IAM; Avoir la capacité à travailler au sein d'un programme et à rendre compte à un chef de projet, avoir la capacité d'interagir avec différentes parties prenantes; Posséder du leadership pratique dans la mise en œuvre des technologies; Avoir des compétences avec les technologies suivantes : Technologie IAM, Sailpoint IIQ, IBM ITIM, produit CA IAM ou autre compréhension de la technologie IAM/IGI, ITIM, FIM, SNOW, AD connect, Active directory, LDAP, eRoom, Documentum, SAP HR, SAP Financial, RACF, NIS, IBM Domino, SSO et Siteminder Kerberos, ADFS. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1086:
Post-secondary degree/diploma in an IT, computer science or engineering
related field, or equivalent work experience Good English oral communication skills, ability to articulate requirements in
technical and non-technical terms to customers, peers and management Knowledge of computer programming or engineering or equivalent job
experience Familiarity with security testing tools Familiarity with security testing techniques, standards, and guidelines Technical knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows/Linux), Networking,
and Web technologies Experience with scripting - Python, Ruby, BASH, or PowerShell is a plus Familiarity with cybersecurity principles Top Secret clearance in Canada eligibility is a must 
ScrapedJobID1087:
Établit et entretient des relations avec les gestionnaires interfonctionnels et les partenaires afin d'améliorer la qualité des services de sécurité dans l'ensemble de l'organisation Fournit sa vision et ses recommandations sur la stratégie à long terme pour l'infrastructure technologique de sécurité de l’organisation Effectue des analyses sur l'efficacité de l'infrastructure de sécurité et formule des recommandations pour l'adoption de nouveaux processus et procédures Coordonne les fonctions locales de niveau III du SOC (Security Operations Center), telles que le renseignement sur les menaces, la recherche de menaces, la gestion des vecteurs d'attaque et les enquêtes Gère le tri des demandes de services de sécurité de l'information émanant des clients et des équipes internes et les priorités opérationnelles de son équipe Aide à contenir les menaces et à prendre des mesures correctives pendant ou après un incident Supervise la mise en œuvre et la maintenance des systèmes d'infrastructure de sécurité de Lowe’s Canada afin d'assurer le succès de leur déploiement et de leur fonctionnement (tant infonuagique que local) Gère un programme corporatif de gestion des vulnérabilités qui examine, analyse, communique et oriente efficacement la remédiation des vulnérabilités En matière de gestion des vulnérabilités, établit la priorité des mesures correctives à appliquer et collabore avec les équipes concernées pour assurer le succès de leur mise en œuvre Assure la collaboration des équipes techniques pour : identifier, résoudre et mitiger les événements et les vulnérabilités en matière de sécurité de l'information dépanner les systèmes et apporter les améliorations nécessaires pour résoudre les problèmes de performance des systèmes d'infrastructure de sécurité Baccalauréat en sciences informatiques, génie informatique, cybersécurité ou domaine connexe 8 années d'expérience en informatique 3 années d'expérience dans la direction d'équipes de projet ou d'équipes techniques, incluant la direction technique, le coaching et le mentorat 4 années d'expérience avec les outils, les concepts et les pratiques de sécurité de l'information Connaissance des environnements technologiques multi-plateformes et de leurs particularités opérationnelles et de sécurité 2 années ou plus d'expérience de travail dans une grande organisation matricielle Certification pertinente en matière de sécurité de l'information (CISSP, CISM) Solides compétences en matière de communication, tant orale qu’écrite Bilinguisme parlé et écrit en français et en anglais Maîtrise en sciences informatiques, génie informatique, cybersécurité ou domaine connexe Expérience en informatique dans le secteur du commerce de détail Expérience de gestion avec responsabilité hiérarchique directe Expérience de gestion dans un environnement Agile Connaissance approfondie des concepts fondamentaux de la sécurité de l'information liés à la recherche de menaces, à la gestion des vulnérabilités, aux infrastructures de sécurité, à la gestion des incidents et aux enquêtes Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Starbucks et Tim Hortons Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de Lowe’s Canada) Des avantages sociaux : régime de retraite, primes annuelles, régime d’achat d’actions, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc. Des horaires flexibles et du télétravail Des bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques La possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté Et plus encore! 
ScrapedJobID1088:

ScrapedJobID1089:
10+ years experience in energy or commodity markets University Degree in relevant discipline In depth knowledge of Experience in Power, Gas or Emissions trading desks Front/middle/back office business processes, Market standards and regulatory requirements Ability to think strategically, have short- and long-term views, and have a business focus Strong communication and presentation skills Intrinsic desire to understand the “why” behind each problem Strong organizational skills Preferred Energy Trading and Risk Management (ETRM) software experience beneficial Experience working with complementary software and or integrations, such as exchanges and ISOs, market data providers, and ERPs Understanding of technical architecture, frameworks, and database Experience in both physical and financial trading of energy commodities Client requires proof of Covid-19 vaccination to access job site. Providing proof of vaccination is a condition of employment with Ian Martin” for this opportunity. 
ScrapedJobID1090:
Education: Bachelor’s degree, Master preferred; solid experience in the delivery of ERM/ORM projects; Atleast 5 years of recent experience in risk management or Middle/Back Office service; Experience working in a matrixed environment, and coordination of work across a large number of partners. Base understanding of the management of information technology and cyber-security risks Good business acumen related to third-party risk, operational risk, and investment risk, etc. Experience within a Management Consulting firm is considered as an asset; Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills, Good analytical skills; Attention to detail; Self-confidence, positive attitude, pragmatism; Ability to reflect and summarize; Ability to work with minimal mentorship and make recommendations using professional judgment; Sense of priorities; Team spirit; Certifications in risk and/or business continuity Bilingual (French and English) 
ScrapedJobID1091:
Be responsible for contextualizing, prioritizing, assigning, monitoring and closing vulnerabilities. Receive and validate the results of vulnerability detection activities; Contribute to the establishment of remediation / mitigation plans for vulnerabilities; Follow up on the management of vulnerabilities with stakeholders; Ensure compliance with service level agreements for vulnerability management; Produce and ensure the quality of metrics relating to vulnerability management; Contribute to the drafting, maintenance and improvement of documentation in support of vulnerability management processes and procedures; Collaborate with stakeholders to optimize remediation of vulnerabilities. At least 2 years of experience in vulnerability management, Threat intelligence or in response to security incidents, or at least 5 years of experience in the IT field; In-depth knowledge of vulnerability management, infrastructure, application, and cloud security. Knowledge of Vulnerability Rating Systems (CVSS), OWASP TOP 10, MITER and NIST controls; Experience with vulnerability scanning tools such as those from Tenable, Qualys, Rapid7. Hold the CISSP or COMPTIA Security + certification (an asset). Demonstrate a sense of collaboration and teamwork; Demonstrate interpersonal skills (ability to influence and interact with stakeholders, to manage conflicts); Demonstrate excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills; Demonstrate a great sense of initiative; Demonstrate professional rigor and thoroughness; 
ScrapedJobID1092:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels 
ScrapedJobID1093:
The position is responsible for the ongoing development, maintenance, and operation of our client's technical systems including its workstations, telephony, servers and associated software and web-based systems (websites, SaaS products, domains and DNS records) Coordinating with both internal staff in support and training, external vendors, reporting to the AVP Technology Asset management and resource tracking Set up accounts and workstations, and onboard/offboard system users Manage software license optimization, procurement and provisioning Establish and maintain appropriate software and hardware monitoring, intrusion detection, diagnostic tools, and activity logging Monitor and maintain systems to ensure requirements and performance targets are met Troubleshoot issues and outages Ensure system and data security, integrity, and availability through implementation of access controls, regular backups, firewalls, antivirus and antimalware, disaster recovery procedures, failover procedures, and cyberthreat and intrusion response procedures Upgrade systems with new releases and models, and apply available patches Bilingual French-English, excellent communications Advanced working knowledge of computer technology Familiarity with O365 and Microsoft Tenant environment (BBBS has ~2000 licensed users and ~2000 guest users) Basic scripting (PowerShell) (helping to automate functions) Experience managing a range of computer systems and software in a multi-user environment Familiarity with a wide range of Microsoft products and systems Confidence to jump into unfamiliar situations and start figuring out how to solve problems General operating systems knowledge Awareness of programming familiarity, particularly scripting Azure AD with integrated Keeper Security based password management Power Platform based operations and service delivery software (PowerApps, PowerApps Portals, Power Automations, Power BI) Experience with VoIP telephone systems 
ScrapedJobID1094:
Comprehensive compensation and benefits package Amazing collaborative culture with little to no turnover, opportunity to work with an amazing group of professionals Always interesting and challenging projects on the go with great work-life balance Work for an excellent boss Planning, scheduling and leading complex audits concurrently, such as information security, IT general controls, systems conversions, and system developments. Designing and conducting analysis of data using automated tools, gathering source file needs, coordinating reconciliation of control totals and preparing data analytics for external auditors, regulators and business partners. Leading audits, coordinating fieldwork, delivering updates to senior management and providing coaching and technical support to the team. Consulting on corporate initiatives and monitoring large projects to provide feedback on risks and best practices based on business process, regulatory and technical knowledge CISA Certification Firm or Industry experience Insurance experience is an asset CPA or CIA is a strong asset 
ScrapedJobID1095:

ScrapedJobID1096:
Préparer, distribuer et tenir à jour les plans, instructions, guides et procédures opérationnelles normalisées liés à la sécurité des informations (SI); Établir, mettre en œuvre et tenir à jour des programmes de SI pour plusieurs réseaux et systèmes informatiques; Établir des procédures permettant de maintenir la sécurité et de protéger les systèmes contre les menaces; Établir, mettre en œuvre et tenir à jour les politiques et les procédures de gestion des changements et de traitement des incidents; Établir et mettre en œuvre des programmes permettant de veiller à ce que les systèmes, les réseaux et les utilisateurs respectent les politiques et les procédures de sécurité informatique; Collaborer avec les spécialistes des systèmes informatiques locaux en vue d’intégrer les pratiques exemplaires dans les politiques et les procédures. Rédiger les plans d’action et les jalons (PAJ) et en faire le suivi; Coordonner avec les spécialistes des systèmes informatiques locaux la mise en œuvre des PAJ ainsi que la correction des lacunes; Participer aux audits externes et aux inspections; Soutenir le processus d’évaluation et autorisation de sécurité (EAS) du MDN; Conduire des analyses des risques liés à la sécurité de la technologie de l’information ainsi que des audits internes; Préparer, revoir et évaluer la documentation de conformité; Gérer les activités liées à la conformité de la technologie de l’information et veiller au respect des politiques et des procédures informatiques locales; Revoir et approuver les plans de sécurité informatique et d’atténuation des risques; Mettre à l’essai les plans de sécurité informatique, notamment les instructions de sécurité, le plan de continuité des opérations, les plans de reprise, etc.; Réagir aux vulnérabilités découvertes par le MDN en coordonnant les mesures d’analyse et d’atténuation avec les spécialistes des systèmes informatiques locaux et compiler les données en vue de l’établissement d’un rapport centralisé; Réagir aux incidents de sécurité informatique et collaborer avec les spécialistes des systèmes informatiques locaux pour veiller à la mise en place des mesures correctives; Interagir avec divers services et diverses personnes dans toute l’entreprise en vue d’atteindre les objectifs de sécurité informatique fixés; Assurer la réussite de la mise en œuvre et de la fonctionnalité des exigences de sécurité et des politiques et des procédures appropriées en matière de technologie de l’information. Vérifier la conformité des logiciels, du matériel et des microprogrammes potentiels au vu des principes, des politiques et des procédures appropriés; Déterminer les stratégies de sécurité fonctionnelles de rechange en vue de répondre aux préoccupations en matière de sécurité organisationnelle; Revoir les dispositifs de protection pour déterminer si les préoccupations à l’égard de la sécurité identifiées dans les politiques, les plans et la doctrine approuvés ont été pleinement prises en compte; Mettre en œuvre des protocoles de surveillance de la sécurité efficaces; réagir et remédier aux menaces posées à la sécurité des informations de la manière appropriée; Faire preuve de leadership dans le contrôle, la planification et la mise en œuvre des configurations des projets de sécurité des ordinateurs et d’administration des systèmes d’entreprise; Faire office de point de contact principal à l’égard de la politique, des principes et de la mise en œuvre de la cybersécurité; Analyser l’impact des modifications apportées aux systèmes ainsi que celui des nouvelles technologies; Offrir de la formation sur les politiques et les procédures liées à la sécurité informatique, et faire de la sensibilisation sur la cybersécurité en général. Expérience de l’établissement et de l’application des politiques, des procédures et des normes de sécurité informatique dans un organisme gouvernemental ou une grande entreprise; Expérience souhaitée des politiques, des processus et de la réglementation du MDN à l’égard de la sécurité informatique, notamment le GEAS, les directives de sécurité du RED et de l’IRSC et les publications de la série DAOD 6000; Expérience souhaitée des processus de certification et d’accréditation du MND, de la GRC et d’autres ministères à l’égard des systèmes d’information. Connaissance approfondie, tant théorique que technique, de la sécurité informatique, de la sécurité des applications, de la sécurité des systèmes et de la sécurité des réseaux; Certifications reconnues fortement souhaitables en sécurité des TI (p. ex. CISSP, CISM, CISA). Expérience souhaitable de l’application des principes de sécurité des TI aux systèmes mécaniques/électriques/de commande dotés de composants IP ou d’interfaces avec des réseaux IP; Expérience souhaitable des systèmes et des réseaux du MDN, et/ou de l’environnement maritime ou de la Marine; Expérience de promotion auprès des clients de la sécurité des TI et des protocoles techniques de sécurité des systèmes liés à la technologie des informations; Aptitudes solides en matière d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes; Maîtrise de la rédaction technique en anglais, capacité de communiquer parfaitement dans cette langue et expérience de la préparation de politiques, de documentation des processus et de rapports techniques en anglais; Maîtrise souhaitée de l’anglais et du français (à l’oral et à l’écrit); Aptitudes organisationnelles solides permettant d’équilibrer le travail et les projets de pointe; Bonnes habiletés interpersonnelles dans le cadre de l’interaction avec les clients et les membres de l’équipe; Excellentes aptitudes à communiquer avec les membres de l’équipe, les clients et la direction; Capacité de travailler dans un contexte d’équipe. Il est essentiel d’être un citoyen canadien et d’avoir résidé au Canada durant au moins les dix dernières années en vue d’obtenir une attestation de sécurité du gouvernement canadien de niveau minimal Secret Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Bourses d'Études Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Horaires flexibles Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Repos la Fin de Semaine Heures supplémentaires majorées Vous avez une citoyenneté Canadienne? 
ScrapedJobID1097:
Conditional & Custom Access Management Policies (single sign-on, MFA, etc.) Risk-Based Authentication & Authorization Password Management Privileged Identity Management (just in-time orchestration) Integration of third party “Access Management” solutions (e.g., Ping, RSA, or SecureAuth) as applicable The ideal candidate will serve in the role of Architect and Engineer within our delivery team along with supporting pre-sales activities while adhering to Optiv's standards and best practices. Additional Requirements include but are not limited to the following: Strategic planning with respect to migration from on-prem to Azure along with the management of hybrid echo systems Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls that mitigate risks with respect to migration to the cloud along with the management of hybrid echo systems utilizing Microsoft Azure Active Directory “Access Management” solution suite Assist in the selection and tailoring of approaches, methods, and tools to support service offerings or industry projects Use technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design, and/or implement products and services Identify opportunities to improve engagement profitability. Understand clients’ business environment and basic risk management approaches Develop information security strategies and plans based upon generally accepted security standards Utilize knowledge of business processes, internal control risk management, IT controls, business and information technology management processes, and market trends on client engagements Build and nurture strong client relationships Preference will be given to those who hold a Government of Canada Secret Security Clearance. Bachelor's (or higher) degree in computer science, information systems, math, decision sciences, risk management or related field preferred (willing to accept foreign education equivalent or equivalent experience) 5+ years’ experience related to designing, implementing or supporting Access Management and Federation solutions and 2-3 years direct Access Management consulting experience with Microsoft Azure Access Management solution suite (Conditional & Custom Access Management Policies, Privileged Identity Manager, just in time orchestration, etc.) Strong understanding of Authentication, Authorization, MFA, SSO, Federation, and Privileged Identity Manager capabilities with respect to the Microsoft Azure Access Management solution Solid written and verbal communication skills Preferred certifications AZ-900 Fundamentals & Az-500 Azure Architect Knowledge of formal architecture documentation processes such as UML and of Software Development Lifecycle Effective at presenting information to different audiences at the correct level of detail (e.g., from engineering teams to executive management) Experience must include minimum: Solution implementation of Microsoft Azure Active Directory Access Management solution along with one or more other Access Management and Federation solutions such as PingFederate, PingAccess, Ping Directory, Okta or at least equivalent solutions (e.g., CA (siteMinder, AuthMinder, Identity Minder, Federation Security, Directory), or Oracle (Directory, Access Manager, Identity Federation, etc.) Developing or integrating federated identity solutions using SAML, OAuth, or OpenID. Working with web-services technologies such as REST and SOAP Working with various user directories and databases; thorough understanding of Active Directory, Oracle Directory, Radiant Logic VDS, etc. Relevant experience in HTML, XML, HTTP and JavaScript skills Capable of defining strategic and tactical solutions, and knowing when each applies Capable of supporting sales processes as relates to proof of concepts, demos, proposal development Good to have: One or more of SSCP, Security +, CISSP, CISA certification/s A company committed to championing Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion through Affinity groups including but not limited to, Women's Network, Optiv Pride, Black Employee Network, and Veterans Support Network. Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge Professional training resources, including tuition reimbursement Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projects Volunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities. The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1098:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Lead and deliver software architecture solutions, HLD, DD for cybersecurity features for multiple ECU’s with consideration for design evolution, reuse and maintenance Define and uphold high coding standards to ensure no vulnerabilities are introduced and the code written is highly maintainable, extensible and secure. Provide technical guidance and coaching to other members of the team Excellent written and verbal communication Participate in code reviews, daily standup meetings and feature planning Bachelor’s degree, in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering. 10+ years’ experience in software development 5+ years in software architecture experience 5+ years’ experience in Cybersecurity 5+ years in C++ 5+ years of technical leadership Excellent knowledge and experience with OOA and OOD Deep technical understanding of programming languages such as: C, C++ Deep technical understanding of multi-CPU and controller based embedded systems Deep technical understanding of embedded operating systems such as Linux, QNX and Yocto or equivalent Master’s degree, in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering. Strong interpersonal and communications skills to build/ maintain ongoing business relationships Experience with compliance regulations/laws, security frameworks and standards (e.g., NIST, ISO, OWASP, etc.) would be an asset. Experience with in-vehicle signaling and communications mechanisms such as CAN would be an asset Experience in defensive programming Experience with OpenSSL and other symmetric and asymmetric cryptographic libraries Experience in key management and key distribution Experience in OS hardening Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1099:
Collaborate directly with clients to identify and address their needs through building, maintaining and utilizing solid networks of client relationships and community involvement Understand client's business including IT general and process controls; communicating the value propositions of a broad range of Firm services to the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner and being recognized and respected by clients as a knowledgeable valued professional Facilitate staff as they evaluate internal controls design; identify key risks and controls, develop and or review audit programs, benchmark financial and operational processes and controls as well as perform controls optimization Manage the creation of high quality deliverables to communicate to clients on the status of engagements, key issues and work plans Use available technical resources/tools to research; expand knowledge to enhance work product, significantly contribute to business development efforts to remain up to date on client and firm hot topics while sharing the knowledge amongst the team where applicable Act to resolve issues which prevent effective team working, even during times of change and uncertainty. Coach others and encourage them to take ownership of their development. Develop a perspective on key global trends, including globalisation, and how they impact the firm and our clients Focus on building trusted relationships Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences, developing and coaching diverse teams, and ensuring diverse perspectives are heard Minimum of 6 years of experience within IT General Controls Bachelor's degree in a related business or IT field CPA and/or CISA is an asset Experience in providing assurance services across a range of IT areas including IT General Controls (ITGC) and SOC reporting Experience in advising across a range of IT areas, such as IT governance, IT service management, IT management processes, vendor and contract management, IT capability, assessments, IT support and operational processes, and ISO 27001 certification is an asset Experience with Business process controls is an asset Experience in evaluating current state processes, internal controls and testing methodologies, developing future state designs, and leading implementation of new ways of working Bilingual proficiency in French and English; Fluency in a third language, including, but not limited to, Italian, Mandarin or Hebrew is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1100:
Support processes for creating, maintaining, and evolving the portfolio of services Build enablement collateral to support other teams, such as sales and solution architects Develop and drive forward the public cloud roadmap with tactical and strategic initiatives Collaborate with key technology partners and the partner management team to ensure alignment between CDW Canada and partner initiatives Collaborate with Canadian leadership to set product release schedule to support corporate goals Provide guidance to the organization to meet customer goals using a data-driven approach Contribute to financial planning activities by forecasting performance and ROI for services in the development Empower sales and pre-sales teams through focused training on new products and services Measure and improve on the effectiveness of enablement activities Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ Years’ experience in go-to-market activities, product design, build or sales of IT services and solutions. Deep understanding of Cloud IAAS, and cloud-native services Broad technical understanding of enterprise data center technologies such as hybrid cloud infrastructure, data center architecture and design, data management technologies, data center security, and governance Understanding of the technology providers in the public cloud space Prior experience in IT Professional or Managed Services (Delivery or Pre-Sales) Proven ability to proactively collaborate, build relationships, and creatively solve problems Must be able to communicate effectively Demonstrated ability to simplify complex matters for a wide range of audiences Demonstrate solid attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy Ability to organize thoughts and ideas into understandable terminology. Ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Demonstrated ability to work independently with little direction 
ScrapedJobID1101:

ScrapedJobID1102:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of experience in an engineering senior leadership role with a focus on cloud technology, distributed systems, infrastructure, and applications at large scale and under high load. Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting, Operations or Finance. Experience managing and building engineering and customer-facing teams. Experience working with C-level stakeholders both internal and customer advising on cloud strategy, leading complex transformation/modernization projects. Experience in managing internal infrastructure, developer tools or distributed computing infrastructure. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Grow and scale a strong engineering organization that will be capable of supporting the growth of the technology portfolio and enterprise customer base. Partner closely with global companies as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Define and lead strategy and roadmap, balancing short- and long-term priorities against the business needs. Advocate and influence the development of new technology on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads, Product Management, and UX. Tell the Deloitte innovation story and help translate it into actionable steps global companies can take towards adoption. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1103:
Oracle 3900 SBCs, Oracle ECB Asterisk 18 leveraging PJSIP, AMI and ARI Noble Systems, 3CX Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection and Expressways Rightfax (Fax to email and email to Fax solutions) Evoko Tablets Synergysky and Pexip Monitoring Tools: Oracle EOM, Web homer Cisco SPA 504G Phones Polycom VVX phones Cisco ATA 191, SPA 112 Mediatrix 4104, 4104 Plus Gigaset C530IP/C610IP and Yealink W53P Experience with configuration/provisioning of VoIP endpoints from various manufacturers like Cisco, Polycom, Yealink and Snom Cisco 7841, 8841 and Cisco Telepresence solutions DX 80 Design/Implementation/Manage various Tier 1/Tier 2 sip providers from Canada (Bell SIPT), US (Verizon TSO) and Voxbone Support and Maintain VoIP solutions on RHEL 8.3 and Debian 9 based systems Perform advanced troubleshooting tasks for VoIP calls Good understanding of traditional telephony – FXO, FXS interfaces Good understanding on MOS Scores for VoIP Calls Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer to pull VoIP traces and sharing them accordingly with various third party carriers/vendors. Support MDM solution like JAMF Basic SQL queries to run call reports.. Owns key initiatives and drives through completion Occasional travel might be required… Minimum of 3 years' experience (networking and VoIP) required, 5 years preferred Working knowledge of TCP/IP Strong Knowledge of SIP, H323, RTP, SRTP, RTCP Protocols Knowledge of Linux (RHEL, Debian): Security, Bash, TCP/IP, High Availability, Package management (yum, dnf, apt) Experience with Asterisk (AGI, ARI, AMI), Elastix.. Programming skills in bash, php, perl, python Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude, work well in teams A commitment to customer service and great attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications or equivalent work experience DCAP Certification desired CCNA Collaboration Certification Oracle Communications Session Border Certification desired Ability to troubleshoot systems issues in real time, without causing additional downtime. Proven Telecom experience with VoIP protocols. Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer. Excellent communication and customer service skills, including the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Knowledge of UNIX and Linux systems is a plus. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID1104:
Agir à titre de responsable dans le cadre de projets, de mandats et d’activités de développement spécifiques à votre domaine de spécialité et dont l’envergure et les impacts sont importants pour l’entreprise et dont la portée peut être au niveau du Mouvement Conseiller et accompagner votre clientèle et vos partenaires dans le positionnement, la planification, le développement, le choix de solutions appropriées, la réalisation et les suivis relatifs à divers projets et mandats stratégiques sous votre responsabilité Cibler et analyser des problématiques et des enjeux de taille. Établir des diagnostics et faire des recommandations aux instances concernées Représenter la position dans le cadre d’ententes auprès de partenaires ou d’organismes externes. Être le gardien de la sécurité du respect des exigences et mesures de sécurité dans la livraison des projets TI. Travailler étroitement avec les Architecture Solution Intégration pour l'identification, la mise en place et le suivi des exigences de sécurité dans les projets Prendre en charge la documentation itérative des exigences et mesures de sécurité applicables aux projets en collaboration avec les architectes. Effectuer la reddition de compte de l'ensemble de la posture sécurité de projets, d'applications et des risques de sécurité auprès des instances exécutives Planifier, rédiger et présenter des analyses de risques de sécurité projets Avoir une vue et une maîtrise sur l'ensemble des activités de sécurité de son escouade de sécurité : Analyse de risque, posture sécurité des projets et des applications Prendre action avec le secteur lorsqu'un projet est en écart pour trouver une solution efficace et redresser la posture de sécurité 
ScrapedJobID1105:
Assess, design, implement, automate, and document security solutions, controls, and processes for Amazon Web Service (AWS) and MS Azure cloud platforms; Develop and maintain Security patterns for Cloud Platforms and Services; Assess all cloud patterns to ensure adherence to best security practices and controls Design and implement DevOps processes, tools, and re-usable templates to incorporate security into application and infrastructure design patterns and the building of security controls into the CI/CD process. Build and deliver policies as code, automating security controls, and best practices. Review and approve codes and changes with security implications (e.g. IAM Roles and Policies, Security Groups etc.) Provide subject matter expertise on architecture, authentication, and systems security based on a clear understanding of our cloud engineering stack, services, and data flow Lead focused and continuous cybersecurity risk assessments of new and existing technologies to identify risks and appropriate controls that balance security and operability Provide effective and pragmatic cybersecurity guidance up-front in major technology projects, to enable the business to innovate securely Assist in investigation and remediation of security incidents and issues Be the cloud security subject matter expert for our Cloud Engineering group and its partners in any IaaS/ PaaS and SaaS implementations. Work closely with Information Security, product and software development teams to assess cybersecurity risk, cloud controls, and recommend solution and remediation in the cloud environment You are a self-starter, driven, and can handle multiple projects and priorities. You are passionate about driving the DevOps mindset and culture in a fast-paced, challenging environment where you get the opportunity to work with a spectrum of latest tools and technologies to drive forward Infrastructure-as-Code and Infrastructure-as-a-Service. You are actively looking to improve the solutions you implement, understand the efficacy of collaboration and reaching out across functional borders, and are keen to work in a team of CI/CD and Infrastructure specialists. A university degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Information Technology. 5-8 years of experience developing and fielding security architectures and/or engineering Security certification such as CISSP or CCSP or CCSK or any Cloud Certified Professional or Specialty certification (e.g., AWS Certified Security Specialty, Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert). Knowledge of technical security control environments and compliance frameworks including CSA CCM, ISO27001, ISO 27017 and NIST Demonstrated Knowledge of cloud architecture, cloud operations, cloud-based identity access and management, security, automation, and orchestration. A clear understanding of security protocols and standards and experience with software and security architectures Extensive experience with Cloud-native Security Solutions Firm grasp of networking protocols and operations. Comfortable with low-level packet sniffing, working knowledge on Kali, Wireshark, Burpsuite, Metasploit, Nmap, fiddler, sqlmap, Nessus. Knowledge of network attacks, detections, and defenses knowledge of theoretical and applied cryptography, key management, and a strong understanding of cryptography algorithms such as RSA, AES, SSL vs TLS, PKI, etc Knowledge of Identity and Access Management concepts and technologies to secure production and corporate access, such as SSO, SAML Federated Identity, RBAC, authentication & authorization solutions Experience with scripting (Python, Perl, Bash, PowerShell) and API integrations Demonstrable internal and external relationship building skills and the ability to clearly articulate complex security concepts that influence decision making within a diverse corporate culture. Ability to lead an in-depth client meeting/workshop across a broad range of topics including discovery, cloud compliance, and security Strong programming skills with experience in API and Webhook development using Python, Node.js, Ruby, PowerShell, and Shell Scripting languages. Strong interpersonal, communication and leadership Skills A critical thinker with strong research, analytics, and problem solving skills Self-motivated with a positive attitude and an ability to work independently and or in a team Ability to communicate across business units and the ability to interface with and communicate complex technical concepts to a broad range of internal and external stakeholders Time management skills with the ability to manage multiple streams and lead less experienced architects 
ScrapedJobID1106:
Customer focused/Can do: You take a can-do attitude to solving customer problems, and you are laser focused on delivering a positive service experience. Dependable & Accountable: You are committed to showing up prepared, on time, communicating clearly with all stakeholders, and making and keeping commitments. No excuses. Respect & Empathy: We treat all our stakeholders with respect because every person deserves to be treated with care. That includes colleagues, customers and vendors. Self-improvement: he selected candidate will show a commitment to lifelong learning and improvement. Both remote and onsite technical support for client issues Management of advanced technologies such as UTM / Firewall, Virtualization, VoIP Servers, VPNs, O365 Management, SQL Database management and others Responding to and assisting clients with common technical issues, while meeting customer service and response time (SLA) objectives. Understanding client needs and suggesting solutions to achieve their goals. Assist Level 1/2 technicians with anything requiring escalation. Perform proactive remote and on-site tech support to clients for networking, hardware, software. You will be assigned specific clients who will be your primary responsibility. Troubleshoot customers’ technical issues and fully document actions and results. Configure new computer equipment (i.e. Firewalls, Servers, WiFi, networking, NAS drives, Access Points, computers, switches, printers, scanners etc.). Create and document internal processes and procedures and follow existing processes and guidelines for routine tasks. Onboarding new clients Conduct research to aid in troubleshooting and issue resolution Create and update configuration documentation for client’s computer environments Managing multiple projects/tasks simultaneously. Provide after-hours support and maintenance to clients and their systems as required. Primarily with the goal of minimizing client downtime. Available for after-hour/weekend on-call support based on a rotating schedule Delivering a WOW experience for our clients Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal Working as a team (with other technicians and management) to improve customer service, client perception and satisfaction. Responding to clients in a timely manner once notified of an issue. Document all work performed, as it is performed, in our PSA tool, and keep the client informed of the status of issue resolution. Provide maintenance and support of internal IT systems. Perform regular backup test restores to ensure backups are being performed properly. Participate in team meetings by reporting on status of to-do's, quarterly initiatives and metrics, and helping to identify and resolve service delivery and customer issues. Understanding your clients’ businesses and gaining an understanding of how technology relates to their business strategy, goals and operations. Ability to quickly and properly analyze an issue and take the proper steps to resolve it - or elevate it to the proper resource for resolution. Proactively monitor internal support queue to ensure timely resolution of issues Must be self-motivated and self-directed with ability to work in a fast-moving environment. Other duties as assigned STRONG working knowledge of firewall configuration and management for at least one of the following: Sophos XG, SonicWALL, Cisco ASA, Juniper Ability to independently install and support VoIP phone systems, specifically Asterisk / FreePBX Technical proficiency with advanced networking skills such as: VLANs, Mesh WiFi and IPsec VPN Technical proficiency with administration of Microsoft 365 / Exchange, and Google Workspace Ability to install and support Microsoft desktop and server operating systems and related programs (including Active Directory management) Ability to install and support Apple Mac OS/X desktop operating systems and related programs Comprehensive knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu & CentOS), iOS and Android Ability to design, install and support server and desktop virtualization environments built on VMware ESX/i, Microsoft Hyper-V and Citrix Xen platforms Experience with remote access tools like LogMeIn, AnyDesk, etc. Familiarity with Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Exchange, Sharepoint and SQL Server Proficient with common peripherals: Printers, Routers, WiFi, UPS’s, Firewalls, Switches Proficient with basic hardware repairs, eg. replacing laptop hard drive, RAM upgrade, etc. Experience supporting various disaster recovery and backup solutions Experience with cloud service platforms like AWS, Google, BackBlaze and others Proactive approach to support. Ability to identify problems in advance in order to continuously improve service delivery. Proven problem solver Self-motivated and passionate about technology and IT support NOTE: If you do not meet ALL of the above criteria, you will not be considered for this position. Microsoft certifications (MCSA, MCSE, etc.) Apple certifications Cisco certification Ability to perform simple cabling jobs (Cat 5e, Cat 6, patch panels, etc.) Familiarity with Intuit QuickBooks Familiarity with other key software applications, eg. Adobe Creative Cloud Familiarity with Line-of-Business Software such as Sage One, Accpac, Spectra, Yardi, etc. MUST have at least 8 years practical experience working directly with end-users MUST have relevant experience with all the Mandatory items listed above Must be totally committed to delivering customer delight Must be comfortable working in a team and individually Must have a can-do attitude Must be customer focused Must show a sense of urgency to customer and team requests/issues Must be respectful and empathetic to colleagues and customers Must be dedicated to continual improvement Must be a strong problem solver Must be dependable, and accountable Must be well organized Must be willing to conform to company standards Must be able to handle stressful situations in a congenial manner Must have great people skills – this is a client facing support role Must establish and maintain working relationships with clients and coworkers Must be prepared to occasionally work after-hours or on weekends as required Must have strong verbal and written communication skills Must be able to explain technical concepts in non-technical language While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for periods of time, while using hands to use a computer or other technologies. The employee is frequently required to see, talk, and hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds when transporting PC and network equipment. The technician works primarily in an office setting with light to moderate noise. Requires local travel, a vehicle, and a valid Ontario driver’s license. Must be able to pass a Criminal Background Check prior to the end of the interview process. If selected for a Level Two Interview, costs associated with the Criminal Records Check will be reimbursed by Connectability. If you do not meet all the criteria listed above, please do not bother applying for this position. You will NOT be considered. Please respond via the job posting. NO AGENCIES, NO DROP INS. While we welcome your application, we will respond only to those candidates who, in our sole opinion, meet the requirements of the position. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call Do you have access to a vehicle? How many years of experience do you have as a customer-facing IT Support Technician? drivers license (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1107:
Responsible for availability and functionality of RTM’s business IT solutions, including Office365/SharePoint environment, other business software, LAN, WAN, data storage and backup systems, servers, other hardware, et cetera; Manage & propose optimizations to RTM’s hardware & software use to support the staff & operation; Maintain hardware and software warranty and license renewal documentation Develops and monitors IT budgets and initiatives; Develops and implements IT policy and practices for the organization; Builds and maintains vendor relationships and manages the purchase and support of IT business solutions; Anticipates future needs, identifying proactive solutions to align with organizational direction and emerging needs; Ensures local system changes and enhancements support user needs and are compliant with system-wide processes and standards; Oversees development, implementation and monitoring of security policies and practices related to data management and IT systems; Supports and monitors relevant data and analytics to inform business decisions; Produce IT, and IT security, Policies, Procedures, and Standards, Incident Reports, and briefing notes; Collaborate in development of RTM’s disaster recovery and IT incident response plans; Oversight of a comprehensive IT security program for various rail transit operational systems; Practice IT asset management, including maintenance of component inventory and related documentation; Following IT standards and processes, participate in the design and development of short- and long-term strategic plans to ensure infrastructure capacity meets existing Benchmarks, analyzes, reports on, and makes recommendations for the improvement and capacity planning of the IT infrastructure and IT systems; Testing and validating new systems, system interfaces (human or machine), systems changes and reports; Coordinate and administer business systems updates, fixes and security patches with all user groups; Manages a junior IT Operations Coordinator in areas such as system administrator, user setups, configuration management, cellular phones and other; This is a newly created position and the content of this JD will change over time; and Other duties as assigned. University degree in the field of Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Security, Computer Networking Systems Technician, Cyber Security or other related discipline or equivalent work experience; A minimum of 5 - 7 years of experience in the field of information technology, including experience architecting, planning, and implementing secure solutions, including experience with digital forensics and information investigation processes and large enterprises and enterprise architecture; Experience with system design and development methodologies, from business requirements analysis through to development and deployment; Demonstrated experience in applying information technology solutions in solving business problems; Demonstrated ability to apply IT security best practices; Experience in selecting, negotiating and managing external consultants and IT service providers; Familiarity with configuration control and change management processes; Demonstrated technical knowledge of cloud environments; Demonstrated technical knowledge and the processes required to deliver server, storage, backup and disaster recovery services; Hands-on experience in troubleshooting hardware and software issues; Experience with or knowledge of programming languages and operating systems, current equipment and technologies, enterprise backup and recovery procedures and system performance monitoring; Maintains effective working relationships with clients and interact with staff at all levels; Brief and advise senior management on technical decisions in a non-technical manner Experience in data quality management & data analytics; Excellent leadership and communication skills; Holder of one or more professional information system security certifications, (e.g., CISSP, CISM, CISA, CRISC & SABSA). Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Day shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Information Technology: 6 years (required) system design & development technologies: 4 years (preferred) managing consultants: 4 years (preferred) cyber security: 3 years (preferred) change management: 3 years (preferred) English (required) CISSP, CISM, CISA, CRISC & SABSA (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1108:
Manages critical Incident Management events related to service restoration Work to ensure timely service restoration of complex and/or high impact incidents and minimize the adverse impact of incidents and problems Ensure established Incident Management processes are followed for controls, coordination and communication related to incidents across Compugen Responsible for ongoing, structured communication of critical Incident status to all key stakeholders Works with the Operations team to summarize complex issues into concise business summaries for multi - level executives within Compugen and Clients Develops Root Cause Analyses for all Priority 1 Incidents and Priority 2 Incidents and trends in all incidents and events Escalates risks and issues to the responsible process owners Engages and manages external vendors in accordance with applicable Service Level Agreements Conduct Major Incident Reviews and generate customer facing reports Assists the other process owners/managers in driving service management best practices and ITIL process standardization After hour support required when dealing with outages after regular business hours Work to ensure timely problem resolution and minimize the number and severity incidents Ensure established Problem Management processes are followed from Creating the problem record through to resolution Review incident and event trends and facilitate problems to investigate cause/fixes Works with the Operations team to summarize complex network issues into concise business summaries for multi - level executives within Compugen and Customer organizations Escalates risks and issues to the responsible process owners Engage and manage external vendors in accordance with applicable Service Level Agreements Participate as a member of the Problem Review Board Assists the other process owners/managers in driving service management best practices and ITIL process standardization Track, reconcile and manage assets/configurations as it’s related to process execution Lead or participate in CABs as necessary Provide input and/or leads process improvements and enhancements related to Configuration Management Provides insight and recommendations related to Asset Lifecycle to reduce incidents and increase profitability Participate in compliance audits, escalate where appropriate Participate as required in Steering and Operating Committee Process Governance for defined processes Supports service management reporting (KPIs, SLAs and OLA’s) Review dashboards, reports based on business requirements with analytics and insights to manage and improve processes Contributes to define, develop and implement quality assurance initiatives and procedures related to processes and data Participate in the reviews of new opportunities as required Ensure stakeholders are aware of the process, are trained and conduct refresher sessions as necessary Identify and communicate trends related to Incidents and problems, service(s), product(s), configuration items to proactively identify improvement opportunities Assist Process Owners and Delivery Managers with CSI initiatives or special projects to review and implement service and/or process improvements Supports and provides recommendations on ad-hoc investigations/analysis 24x7 on call (rotation) for Major Incident Management Office Environment Minimal travel to customer sites required Bi-lingual - English & French (Fluent written and spoken) Minimum 5+ years’ experience in managing ITIL processes Intermediate knowledge of the Incident Management and Problem Management Processes Experience with change and asset/configuration management Demonstrated leadership and coordination skills Able to work quickly and maintain a methodical and calm approach Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities. Detail oriented, very organized, with good time management skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills The ability to create and maintain a sense of urgency across all resolver groups, and to drive and resolve incidents in a high pressure, dynamic, real time environment A sound understanding of infrastructure platforms and products, and the ability to understand interconnects and how infrastructure connects to services, and how they relate to service metrics Strong commitment to customer service Demonstrated ability to manage and develop key relationships with cross functional and leadership teams Ability to hold technical discussions with internal and external partners and stakeholders Able to concisely summarize complex issues for both technical and non-technical stakeholders and senior management is crucial Proven ability to prioritize and execute in a high-pressure, complex environment Ability to understand and manage obligations within a contractual relationship A college diploma or university degree in an IT discipline or equivalent years of experience in enterprise level IT environments. 3-5 years proven experience in a similar role ITIL Foundations v3 or v4 ITIL Expert Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1109:
Ownership and leadership of each assigned audit from the initial planning to completion, including detailed and thorough risk assessments and the drafting of audit reports Effectively co-ordinate multiple audits and other projects, including staff scheduling and work allocation as required Create detailed working papers and conduct file reviews ensuring that audit conclusions are supported Evaluate operational processes and identify opportunities for improvement across the organization. Build support for and implement recommendations and business strategies, plans, and best practices. Effective communication of audit findings to the Director Internal Audit, internal stakeholders and to the Audit Committee, as required Mitigate business risks by providing advice and guidance as and when appropriate. Follow up and validate actions taken by management to remediate audit findings to ensure that they are effectively designed and appropriately implemented. Build trusted partnerships with internal clients that encourages proactive engagement of the audit team, allowing for the effective design of governance, risk management and control processes Provide effective updates to the Director on the status of work and issues identified, providing recommended course of action for review and approval Follow up and monitor the implementation of action plans on audit issues Immediate escalation of any observations that may require discussion with senior management Support the alignment of activities between the control functions (i.e. Compliance, Finance, External Auditors) to improve communications and efficiency of audit and risk management activities Support the Director Internal Audit in the development of the annual audit plan (and related updates) for business/corporate units in the assigned audit portfolio Recommends changes to audit processes, methodology, and reporting to improve effectiveness. As required provide audit consultation for all business units and functional areas across the organization with respect to new and ongoing business needs. Monitor changes in external environment and in the AGF’s business, including trends in risk management practices and regulatory expectations Actively participate in the annual Internal Audit methodology and practices reviews, incorporating relevant benchmarks in the identification, analysis and recommendation of continuous improvement opportunities On an interim basis, and as required, represent the Director Internal Audit Assist with quarterly and annual reporting to the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Senior Management Performs advisory engagements, investigations and special projects as assigned 8 or more years of previous audit experience in a regulated financial institution or public accounting firm Undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting or Finance CPA designation is required CIA, CFA designations are an asset Highly developed technical and analytical skills supporting effective decision-making capabilities Strong analytical skills to identify issues, potential risks and root causes, in order to suggest effective improvements. Knowledge of audit methodologies and frameworks, COSO enterprise risk management framework, audit governance concepts, tools, techniques, and best practices Strong organizational capabilities, project planning and management experience is required Strong written, documentation and report writing skills, and oral communication skills are requirements Developed networking skills and ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally A self-motivated professional with an enthusiasm for learning and continuous improvement Ability to work effectively within cross functional teams Knowledge of the investment and wealth management industries, is an asset Experience with TeamMate and data analytical software would be an asset Experience in performing IT and/ or cyber security audits would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1110:
Établit et entretient des relations avec les gestionnaires interfonctionnels et les partenaires afin d'améliorer la qualité des services de sécurité dans l'ensemble de l'organisation Fournit sa vision et ses recommandations sur la stratégie à long terme pour l'infrastructure technologique de sécurité de l’organisation Effectue des analyses sur l'efficacité de l'infrastructure de sécurité et formule des recommandations pour l'adoption de nouveaux processus et procédures Coordonne les fonctions locales de niveau III du SOC (Security Operations Center), telles que le renseignement sur les menaces, la recherche de menaces, la gestion des vecteurs d'attaque et les enquêtes Gère le tri des demandes de services de sécurité de l'information émanant des clients et des équipes internes et les priorités opérationnelles de son équipe Aide à contenir les menaces et à prendre des mesures correctives pendant ou après un incident Supervise la mise en œuvre et la maintenance des systèmes d'infrastructure de sécurité de Lowe’s Canada afin d'assurer le succès de leur déploiement et de leur fonctionnement (tant infonuagique que local) Gère un programme corporatif de gestion des vulnérabilités qui examine, analyse, communique et oriente efficacement la remédiation des vulnérabilités En matière de gestion des vulnérabilités, établit la priorité des mesures correctives à appliquer et collabore avec les équipes concernées pour assurer le succès de leur mise en œuvre Assure la collaboration des équipes techniques pour : identifier, résoudre et mitiger les événements et les vulnérabilités en matière de sécurité de l'information dépanner les systèmes et apporter les améliorations nécessaires pour résoudre les problèmes de performance des systèmes d'infrastructure de sécurité Baccalauréat en sciences informatiques, génie informatique, cybersécurité ou domaine connexe 8 années d'expérience en informatique 3 années d'expérience dans la direction d'équipes de projet ou d'équipes techniques, incluant la direction technique, le coaching et le mentorat 4 années d'expérience avec les outils, les concepts et les pratiques de sécurité de l'information Connaissance des environnements technologiques multi-plateformes et de leurs particularités opérationnelles et de sécurité 2 années ou plus d'expérience de travail dans une grande organisation matricielle Certification pertinente en matière de sécurité de l'information (CISSP, CISM) Solides compétences en matière de communication, tant orale qu’écrite Bilinguisme parlé et écrit en français et en anglais Maîtrise en sciences informatiques, génie informatique, cybersécurité ou domaine connexe Expérience en informatique dans le secteur du commerce de détail Expérience de gestion avec responsabilité hiérarchique directe Expérience de gestion dans un environnement Agile Connaissance approfondie des concepts fondamentaux de la sécurité de l'information liés à la recherche de menaces, à la gestion des vulnérabilités, aux infrastructures de sécurité, à la gestion des incidents et aux enquêtes Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Starbucks et Tim Hortons Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de Lowe’s Canada) Des avantages sociaux : régime de retraite, primes annuelles, régime d’achat d’actions, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc. Des horaires flexibles et du télétravail Des bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques La possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté Et plus encore! 
ScrapedJobID1111:
Oracle 3900 SBCs, Oracle ECB Asterisk 18 leveraging PJSIP, AMI and ARI Noble Systems, 3CX Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection and Expressways Rightfax (Fax to email and email to Fax solutions) Evoko Tablets Synergysky and Pexip Monitoring Tools: Oracle EOM, Web homer Cisco SPA 504G Phones Polycom VVX phones Cisco ATA 191, SPA 112 Mediatrix 4104, 4104 Plus Gigaset C530IP/C610IP and Yealink W53P Experience with configuration/provisioning of VoIP endpoints from various manufacturers like Cisco, Polycom, Yealink and Snom Cisco 7841, 8841 and Cisco Telepresence solutions DX 80 Design/Implementation/Manage various Tier 1/Tier 2 sip providers from Canada (Bell SIPT), US (Verizon TSO) and Voxbone Support and Maintain VoIP solutions on RHEL 8.3 and Debian 9 based systems Perform advanced troubleshooting tasks for VoIP calls Good understanding of traditional telephony – FXO, FXS interfaces Good understanding on MOS Scores for VoIP Calls Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer to pull VoIP traces and sharing them accordingly with various third party carriers/vendors. Support MDM solution like JAMF Basic SQL queries to run call reports.. Owns key initiatives and drives through completion Occasional travel might be required… Minimum of 3 years' experience (networking and VoIP) required, 5 years preferred Working knowledge of TCP/IP Strong Knowledge of SIP, H323, RTP, SRTP, RTCP Protocols Knowledge of Linux (RHEL, Debian): Security, Bash, TCP/IP, High Availability, Package management (yum, dnf, apt) Experience with Asterisk (AGI, ARI, AMI), Elastix.. Programming skills in bash, php, perl, python Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude, work well in teams A commitment to customer service and great attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications or equivalent work experience DCAP Certification desired CCNA Collaboration Certification Oracle Communications Session Border Certification desired Ability to troubleshoot systems issues in real time, without causing additional downtime. Proven Telecom experience with VoIP protocols. Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer. Excellent communication and customer service skills, including the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Knowledge of UNIX and Linux systems is a plus. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID1112:
Travailler avec une équipe agile pour déployer, tester et maintenir le logiciel de support VA-Infra; Maintenir et améliorer les performances des logiciels existants; Participer au cycle de livraison continue d'intégration continue (CICD); Résoudre les problèmes opérationnels de sécurité en temps opportun, gérer les problèmes escaladés et assurer le suivi des éléments en suspens rapidement; Développer des mesures préventives et construire la documentation; Contribuer à la réunion de projet et rendre compte de l'état du problème. Solide expertise en administration système Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu…) et en virtualisation (VMWare et technologies de conteneur…); Solide expertise en solution d'automatisation (Ansible) et connaissance pratique d'Ansible Tower; Connaissance approfondie de Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) et des spécifications matérielles; Connaissance intermédiaire et pratique de la sécurité de l'information et des réseaux (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, pare-feu) dans un environnement moyen ou grand; Connaissance pratique de la programmation/script et des outils de développement (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Connaissance de la gestion des actifs (IPAM) et des technologies de journalisation (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP et certificats connexes sont des atouts, ainsi que bilingue (anglais et français); Work with an agile team to deploy, test, and maintain VA-Infra supporting software; Maintain and improve the performance of existing software; Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle; SME on scanner deployment projects with multiple business units; Resolve security operational problems in timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly; Develop preventive measures and build documentation; Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status. Solid expertise in Linux system admin (CentOS, Ubuntu…) and virtualization (VMWare and container technologies…); Solid expertise in automation solution (Ansible) and working knowledge of Ansible Tower; Deep knowledge of Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) and hardware specs; Intermediate and working knowledge of Information Security and networking (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, Firewall) in medium or large environment; Working knowledge of programming/scripting and the development tools (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Knowledge of asset management (IPAM), and logging techs (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP and related certificates are assets, as well as bilingual (English and French); Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively; Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teams; Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization; Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process; Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment; Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business. 
ScrapedJobID1113:
Establishing and managing a portfolio of projects over multiple years to implement an integrated, corporate-wide program Make complex decisions and recommendations on project resource assignments and program level day-to-day approvals within the scope Manage program budgets, schedules of projects, and sequencing of projects Lead solution efforts to program and project issues and provides recommended options to mitigate risks Lead and direct projects managers for multiple projects executing concurrently, developing strategies and approaches for implementation of the program and long-term sustainment under the direction of senior leadership and sponsors Lead program-level resources, managing and collaborating with key suppliers, and providing ongoing communication, risk management, and quality management for the program Provide direction, review and refine deliverables from multiple senior resources across business units within the organization as required A minimum of 10 years of IT program management experience At least 8 years of hands-on project management experience in cybersecurity Good understanding of cybersecurity requirements, processes and maturity models Experience with asset inventory, tools and processes is a strong asset. Exposure to SCADA environments is preferred Ability to make decisions and recommendations on highly technical or complex issues and without formal guidelines or precedents and exercises resourcefulness and ingenuity to interpret policy 
ScrapedJobID1114:
Contribuer au renforcement de la sécurité du cloud AWS Participer à la conception de solutions cloud sécurisées qui tient compte de l’environnement existant (Azure, Splunk, MDO, MDE, MCAS, NGFW, etc..) au sein de l’organisation. Faire des recommandations quant à l’intégration des contrôles basés sur les principales composantes d’architecture de sécurité clouds AWS (Control Tower, Account factory, GuardDuty, Detective, etc.) Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité AWS et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Définir des architectures sécuritaire dans le nuage (cloud) Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Au moins dix ans d'expérience en technologie de l'information Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité cloud Expertise dans la conception et la mise en place d'architecture de solution sécurisées sur AWS Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc.. Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AZ 303, AZ500, AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis Contribuer au renforcement de la sécurité du cloud AWS Participer à la conception de solutions cloud sécurisées qui tient compte de l’environnement existant (Azure, Splunk, MDO, MDE, MCAS, NGFW, etc..) au sein de l’organisation. Faire des recommandations quant à l’intégration des contrôles basés sur les principales composantes d’architecture de sécurité clouds AWS (Control Tower, Account factory, GuardDuty, Detective, etc.) Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité AWS et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Définir des architectures sécuritaire dans le nuage (cloud) Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Au moins dix ans d'expérience en technologie de l'information Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité cloud Expertise dans la conception et la mise en place d'architecture de solution sécurisées sur AWS Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc.. Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AZ 303, AZ500, AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis 
ScrapedJobID1115:
Post-secondary degree/diploma in an IT, computer science or engineering
related field, or equivalent work experience Good English oral communication skills, ability to articulate requirements in
technical and non-technical terms to customers, peers and management Knowledge of computer programming or engineering or equivalent job
experience Familiarity with security testing tools Familiarity with security testing techniques, standards, and guidelines Technical knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows/Linux), Networking,
and Web technologies Experience with scripting - Python, Ruby, BASH, or PowerShell is a plus Familiarity with cybersecurity principles Top Secret clearance in Canada eligibility is a must 
ScrapedJobID1116:
Accompagne les équipes TI des établissements sur la sécurité des infrastructures et la gouvernance de la sécurité informationnelle.  Élabore, coordonne et pilote les projets liés au rehaussement et à la mise à niveau des pratiques de sécurité.  Assiste le directeur pour le suivi des activités de son secteur.  Rédige différents rapports de synthèse, d’analyse et des documents de suivis et de formations.  Effectue la gestion de l'équipement et des logiciels, en recommande leur acquisition et prend les dispositions s'y rattachant.  Effectue des analyses de solutions et des bancs d’essai. Participe à la sélection de sous-traitants et peut effectuer le suivi du travail demandé. Accomplit temporairement les tâches d’un poste connexe ou inférieur lorsque requis. Scolarité : Baccalauréat en informatique avec concentration en sécurité ou dans toute autre discipline appropriée. Certification : Détenir un certificat professionnel en sécurité (SSCP, CISSP, GIAC ou autre certificat reconnu) sera considéré comme un atout. Expérience : Trois (3) à cinq (5) années d’expérience pertinente. Français : Excellente habileté à communiquer verbalement et par écrit. Anglais : Bonne connaissance de l’anglais (orale et écrit) principalement pour la consultation des documents de référence. Capacité à travailler en équipe avec des gens d’expertise diversifiée et à maintenir d’excellentes relations interpersonnelles; Discrétion, intégrité et éthique professionnelle; Excellente faculté d’analyse et de synthèse des problèmes; Diplomatie, grandes habiletés en communication et vulgarisation ainsi que capacités de persuasion exécutive; Capacité à gérer des situations de crise et bonne tolérance à la pression; Autonomie et sens de l’organisation; Aptitude à gérer par priorité et mener à terme plusieurs projets en parallèle; Orienté vers l’action et le résultat. Expérience de conduite de projets démontrée; Expérience avérée en matière d’analyse de cyberrisques, de gestion d’incidents et d’investigations; Expérience en matière de gestion des risques TI, de conformité et d’animation d’équipe. Connaissances techniques recherchées : Très bonne maîtrise des technologies de l’information incluant tous les domaines du Web; Connaissances pointues sur les réseaux, les systèmes et la sécurité des systèmes d'information; Connaissance profonde des standards de sécurité et des meilleures pratiques en matière de sécurité internationale (ISO - 2700x, NIST, OWASP, etc.) ainsi que de certaines lois provinciale et fédérale (Loi sur l’accès aux documents des organismes publics et sur la protection des renseignements personnels) Travailler pour une entreprise qui est reconnue, admirée et en forte expansion Travailler au sein d’une entreprise ayant l’humain au cœur de ses préoccupations Avoir accès à un programme d’avantages sociaux complet. Le genre masculin est utilisé sans aucune discrimination et dans le seul but d’alléger le présent texte Baccalauréat 
ScrapedJobID1117:

ScrapedJobID1118:
Degree/Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 4+ years of Information Security experience, ideally within a software company, adhering to security compliance efforts Technical background in areas such as system infrastructure, SysOps/SecOps, etc. ideally within both Windows and Linux environments Experience with security compliance standards such as SOC2 and/or ISO27001 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1119:
Manage, implement & maintain high-level IT and Communications systems, including- Data Applications Computing Hardware Network Infrastructure Telecommunications Radio Communications Support Equipment Mining specialization systems Work on protecting data against loss or harm Work on Cyber security of all IT & Comms systems Work on data protection and privacy Minimize the disruption of system and work on improving the availability Support all users in using the IT systems Research and promote new technology initiatives and opportunities Work with suppliers and partners to support systems Coordinate activities in various projects support and technical requests Share knowledge of IT and Mine Operation Systems through documentation and peer communication. Build the knowledge of new and changing IT & Comms systems Attend Training courses as may be required Work towards achieving and delivering goals and objectives Maintain a safe, clean and organized work space Work with facilities and equipment in indoor, outdoor, and industrial environments Be available to work in other BC locations on IT and Comms services, if necessary Complete other relevant tasks, if necessary, under the guidance of the IT management Offer recommendations and observations for improving IT Services and systems Comply with the rules and regulations of the Mount Milligan and Centerra Gold Combination of education and certifications Expertise in at least two industry specialties Highly comfortable in interacting with others, of varying personalities, in person, on the phone and through using remote tools Capable of providing extended hours when required to meet deadlines Able to prioritize and work effectively while being adaptable and open to constant priority changes Calm and collected disposition in complex high pressure business situations Work effectively independently and in a team environment with a positive attitude Focus on safety and continuous improvement Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Valid Driver's license 
ScrapedJobID1120:
Identifying, researching and troubleshooting technical problems, diagnosing Security and Network related issues. Assisting on, or leading investigation, analysis, design, development, implementation, operation and management of information systems Responding to all infrastructure queries and support in the investigation of security incidents Contributing effective solutions to challenging queries with patience and clear communications Supporting Level 2/3 escalation for production incidents and handle final escalations and communications Providing system utilization reporting, trending analysis and capacity plan Preparing and documenting standard operating procedures and protocols 3+ years of hands-on Security Support experience Self-starter with ability in taking responsibility to complete assigned work with minimum supervision Knowledge and preferred experience in the below areas: Office 365 tenant Azure AD Account Management Exchange Online Protection Intune (Conditional Access \ MDM \ MAM) Clients (Outlook, Outlook for Mac, IMAP, POP3, Mobile Devices) Permissions (Tenant \ SharePoint \ OneDrive \ Security & Compliance Center) Data Loss Prevention, Archiving, eDiscovery and Compliance Preferred PowerShell scripting skills Strong core foundation experience in fundamental cloud technologies and services (Azure, Google, AWS) In depth knowledge of best practices in the area of IT service management (i.e. incident, problem, and change) Create and update technical project documentation (i.e. technical and configuration runbook, implementation plan, etc.) Education at the bachelor level in Computer Science or equivalent technology related experience Knowledge of the Financial Services industry would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1121:
Target and analyze major issues and challenges. Establish diagnostics and make recommendations to the bodies concerned Represent the position within the framework of agreements with partners or external organizations. Support iterative documentation of security requirements and measures applicable to projects in collaboration with architects. 
ScrapedJobID1122:
Requires advanced knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. May have practical knowledge of project management. Requires 5 years minimum prior relevant experience. Serves as a security application or program subject matter expert with Business Units, * Serves as a contact for a real-time user assistance and support for information * Reviews security system logs and reports and maintains awareness of violations * Creates and maintains appropriate technical references and development, * Makes recommendations on department desk procedures and documents * Assists with the evaluation and implementation of new data security products, Processes security system access requests to reflect authorized user and resource Provides reports of assigned program or project metrics, issues and/or risk to Management. Leads projects related to assigned security systems and programs. Performs other duties as assigned. identity management: 5 years (preferred) French (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1123:

ScrapedJobID1124:
Contribuer à l'atténuation et à la résolution d'incidents liés à la sécurité. Réaliser des évaluations et des recherches sur les menaces, la vulnérabilité et les risques liés à notre environnement infonuagique multi-cloud SaaS. Collaborez avec l'équipe DLP pour identifier et activer les contrôles afin de protéger les fuites de données des applications Web et Cloud. Élaborer des procédures d’intégrations et d’opérationnalisations. Mettre à jours en continue la documentation du service. Création et gestion de rapport d’utilisation / statistique des différents services Cloud. Baccalauréat en génie informatique, ou un domaine connexe. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations et projets d'infrastructure. Un minimum de 3 ans d'expérience avec les services infonuagiques. Un minimum de 3 années d'expérience dans la mise en œuvre des outils et de technologies lies aux opérations de développement de la sécurité. Connaissances approfondies de la cybersécurité opérationnelle, des techniques de protection des données et de la sécurité infonuagique. Avec une Certification Cloud (Ex : AWS et/ou Azure Solutions Architect) et autres certifications liées à la sécurité comme CISSP et SSCP est un atout. Expérience en milieu de développement des opérations et en maintien de la sécurité dans les pipelines d'intégration et de livraison continues est un atout. Maitrise de l'interface de ligne de commande et/ou d'une langue de programmation, telle que Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ est un atout. Conception de Tableaux, d’alertes et de rapport via des outils comme PowerBI, Splunk est un atout. Esprit d'équipe et bonnes compétences en communication. Faculté à présenter avec aisance le projet à différentes ressources (Technique et non technique). Sens de leadership, responsabilités et réactivité. Grande éthique professionnelle et esprit pragmatique. Forte capacité à proposer des solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1125:
Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system 
ScrapedJobID1126:
Responsible for leading the Third-Party risk assessments and overall due diligence assessments of Software Vendors/Suppliers Individual supporting physical office move from Hong Kong to Singapore In this move, individual will be using the RSA software to coordinate with vendors/suppliers the risk of moving their services over to a new country (reopen the records, re assess the vendor/supplier risk that goes with changing countries) Serves as central point-of-contact for third parties and business partners, while ensuring effective regional and global execution of the Supplier Management Framework model Assists the business partners in performing third party risk assessments and overall due diligence activities as outlined by regulators and internal policies Supports the business partners in the management of supplier performance monitoring and oversight activities through reviews and documenting required post-contract activities (e.g., SOC reviews) Identifies risk findings, communicating impact to the business partners and work with IT Risk teams to ensure timely and accurate closure of open issues Engages third parties in obtaining documentation and information to support required due diligence reviews Extended and/or off-hour work schedules where necessary, in support of global operations and high priority work assignments 2+ years’ experience working in SW Vendor risk management - assessing the risk of a vendor’s SW, whether to bring them aboard PMP or BA background Information Security background and certifications would be ideal (Cyber Security certification would be added bonus, understanding SW that may be sitting on the Cloud) Technical Business background required - so that they understand the SW world of the vendors will be dealing with– understanding of SW lifecycle, management, single sign on Will be using both GRC RSA Archer application system (system that assess risk of a supplier) and iValua (database where store supplier information) Demonstrate skills in managing multiple projects and partnering relationships Very strong information seeking, creative problem solver, decision making, planning, collaboration and coordination skills MS Office Demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy Excellent and confident written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1127:
Leadership: Provides leadership and direction to assigned Internal Audit staff including recruitment, ongoing training and development, knowledge-sharing, coaching, goal-setting and performance management. IT & Cybersecurity Audit Management and Delivery: Plans the objectives and scope for comprehensive IT and cybersecurity assurance and consulting engagements using a risk-based approach. Designs and develops risk-based audit programs and related procedures for areas in the IT and cybersecurity audit universe. Completes files to ensure sufficient work was completed and evidence obtained to meet the objectives of the engagement. While there is no permanent supervisory responsibilities, supervises or assists on an as-needed basis, a team of internal auditors and/or external consultants to complete specific IT or cybersecurity audit engagements, integrated audit engagements with such components, or general audit engagements with no such components, where possible. Reporting and Communication: Delves into audit findings to isolate and identify root causes of control deficiencies. Writes concise, risk-focused reports with pragmatic recommendations. Communicates with and engages stakeholders in a diplomatic and tactful manner, in discussions of complex and sensitive issues, audit findings, and recommendations. Facilitates and ensures open communication with other members of the Internal Audit department, as well as IT, Risk, external auditors, regulators and other organizational partners, in the areas of IT and cybersecurity controls, risk management, governance, regulatory compliance, and internal policies/procedures. Guidance, Assistance and Thought Leadership: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in managing and updating the IT and cybersecurity audit universe, as well as performing the risk assessment and developing an IT and cybersecurity audit plan, by staying current with the Credit Union’s business operations, IT and cybersecurity environment and major projects, as well as changing regulations, and emerging risks. Provides advice to and perform value-add activities for key internal stakeholders (e.g., IT and Risk), without compromising independence and objectivity, on IT and cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes, and recommends process improvements to mitigate risk to the Credit Union. Provides technical expertise and appropriate training to members of the Internal Audit department relative to TeamMate and ACL, and acts as the administrator of these applications by managing software upgrades, configurations, user privileges and user access, among others. Professional Standards: Ensures adherence to the IIA Standards and maintains a professional standard of conduct. Maintains an understanding of departmental quality standards, policies and procedures, industry regulations, and relevant organizational policies and procedures, and imparts that understanding to the Internal Audit team and incorporates it into all assurance, consulting, and value-add activities. Keeps abreast of leading practices, latest trends, and technological and cybersecurity developments, and incorporates them into engagements. Internal Audit Development and Advancement: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in establishing, developing and maturing the IT and cybersecurity audit practice/service by providing technical expertise and developing IT and cybersecurity audit-specific tools, practices and methodologies. Contributes to the advancement of overall Internal Audit practices and methodologies by providing technical guidance and assistance in implementing and maturing continuous auditing capabilities, and automating manual testing procedures by leveraging application controls and data analytics. Bachelor's Degree in one of the following area's of study: Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or equivalent Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC), or another related IT designation Minimum 5 years of IT and cybersecurity auditing and/or risk management experience in a wide range of areas, such as cybersecurity (e.g., vulnerability assessment, incident management, etc.), IT and data governance, cloud computing (e.g., PaaS, SaaS, etc.), applications (e.g., web services, application controls and system development lifecycle), infrastructure services and components (e.g., servers, databases and networks), disaster recovery planning, and IT general controls, among others. Advanced understanding of IT and cybersecurity-specific risks and controls, as well as related frameworks, standards or guides (e.g., COBIT, NIST, ITIL, IIA GTAG, ISO 27001, 27002, SOC (SSAE16/CSAE3416), etc.), relevant regulatory requirements (e.g., OSFI cybersecurity guidance, PIPEDA/PIPA, Interac, PCI DSS, etc.), and industry leading practices and risk trends Demonstrated ability to understand and/or analyze the relationship between information technology and cybersecurity risk, and the underlying business risk or objective Proficient in applying auditing and analytical techniques, including the use of relevant IT and cybersecurity-related frameworks, standards or guides Knowledge of auditing principles and practices Proficiency with data analytics and CAATs tools Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact effectively and build relationships with all levels of the organization Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present information in a clear and concise manner Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to effectively process a large volume of information and/or uncertainty, draw meaningful and persuasive conclusions, and develop practical recommendations to improve the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the organization Ability to exercise sound professional judgement A competitive base salary plus performance-based incentive compensation Annual merit pay increases Flexible benefits as well as support for retirement benefits Vacation time, a flexible “Day4U” and the option to purchase up to five additional vacation days Other financial perks such as our Employee Banking Advantages which includes waived or reduced financial service fees, reduced rates on personal loans, mortgages and no-interest loans on lifestyle-related items that promote health, wellness, learning and business aptitude 
ScrapedJobID1128:
Agir en tant qu'expert en matière d'application ou de programme de sécurité auprès des unités commerciales, le support technique et les fournisseurs de sécurité, en signalant et en coordonnant la résolution des demandes d'amélioration, et les problèmes, et faciliter la recherche de produits; Servir de contact pour une assistance et un soutien aux utilisateurs en temps réel pour la sécurité de l'information; Répondre aux demandes écrites et verbales des employés et/ou des départements/branches concernés. départements/branches concernés; Examiner les journaux et les rapports des systèmes de sécurité et se tenir informé des violations des politiques de sécurité ou des infractions aux systèmes de sécurité. des politiques de sécurité ou des violations des systèmes de sécurité, en signalant rapidement toute anomalie importante au directeur. signaler rapidement toute anomalie importante au responsable; Coordonner l'examen et la validation de l'accès des utilisateurs aux applications et aux réseaux.; Créer et maintenir les références techniques appropriées et le développement; Créer et maintenir les références techniques appropriées et le développement, l'assurance qualité et le contrôle des changements à l'appui des intérêts de la sécurité de l'information; Faire des recommandations sur les procédures de bureau du département et documenter les procédures pour les nouveaux processus; Aide à l'évaluation et à la mise en œuvre de nouveaux produits, services ou méthodologies de sécurité des données, produits, services ou méthodologies de sécurité des données; Traiter les demandes d'accès aux systèmes de sécurité afin de refléter l'administration des utilisateurs et des ressources autorisés; Résoudre les problèmes remontés dans le traitement des demandes d'accès; Fournir à la direction des rapports sur les paramètres, les problèmes et/ou les risques liés au programme ou au projet; Diriger des projets liés aux systèmes et programmes de sécurité assignés; Effectuer d'autres tâches selon les besoins. Posséder un baccalauréat de préférence; Avoir un diplôme d'études secondaires est obligatoire; Détenir une connaissance avancée du domaine d'activité généralement obtenue par une formation supérieure combinée à une expérience pertinente; Posséder une expérience préalable pertinente d'au moins (5) cinq ans; Avoir une connaissance pratique de la gestion de projet. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1129:

ScrapedJobID1130:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1131:
Conduct discovery calls and qualify prospects with Account Sales Specialists Strategize with Account Sales Specialists to drive sales of Solutions offerings Create, update and present targeted PowerPoint presentations Obtain good understanding of the organization's goals and objectives Train partners and customers on the Solutions offerings Develop business relationships with prospects, customers, partners and sales teams to further sales opportunities Design, install & configure solution implementations to meet customer’s specifications Prioritize incoming technical issues, escalate issues to the appropriate department. Consult and document customer requirements – proposing workarounds to support the flow of the sales process and write PRD for future roadmap planning. Evaluate documented resolutions and analyze trends to prevent future problems. Ability to work occasionally during evenings and weekends, and willingness to travel Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, as well as presenting skills 3+ years of experience working with Enterprise Companies, Sales Teams on pre-sales and post-sales CCNA and Cisco Networking Certification Proficiency with computer hardware, LINUX and LAN/WAN network infrastructures. College diploma or university degree in the field of information technology or computer science and/or 5 years equivalent work experience. At least 3 years experience in a pre-sales or IT consulting role working with enterprise software solutions. Successful experience communicating with IT executives and technical staff. Advanced knowledge of routing and switching, firewall & proxy architecture design. In depth understanding of communication protocols (TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, etc.) Good knowledge enterprise access control models and network security. Experience with large enterprise corporate IT, ProAV integration, or control-rooms are pluses. CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, MCITP ,MCSA ,MCSE 
ScrapedJobID1132:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel Participer à la gestion de la sécurité informatique et à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Mettre en place des solutions et des stratégies pour détecter les incidents potentiels en sécurité. Analyser les vulnérabilités et les menaces pour mettre au point des procédures d’atténuation ou de contournement. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Gérer les droits d’accès pour les logiciels et les systèmes d’information. Offrir une assistance de deuxième ligne à l’équipe de la Direction des ressources technologiques ainsi qu’auprès des usagers. Participer au développement des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches et des applications. Planifier et superviser l’implantation des projets et des applications informatiques. Installer, maintenir, gérer et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels) de réseautiques et de télécommunications. Effectuer les achats d’équipements et de licences reliées à la réseautique et les télécommunications. Installer, configurer et gérer les serveurs. Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe requise. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou avec un champ de spécialisation approprié ou détenir un diplôme ou une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Cumuler un minimum de quatre (4) années d’expérience à titre de technicienne ou technicien informatique ou équivalent. Détenir des connaissances dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder des connaissances en lien avec Windows Server et la programmation PowerShell. Démontrer des connaissances approfondies en lien avec l’infrastructure réseau filaire et sans-fil. Posséder une connaissance dans la gestion de pare-feu de la prochaine génération. Posséder des connaissances générales de certains concepts en sécurité (le modèle CIA, le modèle Zero-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Être titulaire d’une certification Cisco CCNA est un atout Détenir des connaissances de base en Linux ainsi que dans les outils de test d’intrusion est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 23.XX à 33.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé DEC 
ScrapedJobID1133:
Oversees all aspects of coordination and completion or large scale and complex projects Sets deadlines, assigns responsibilities, and monitor and summarize progress of project Build and maintain working relationships with team members, vendors, and other departments involved in the projects Prepare reports for upper management regarding status of project Familiar with a variety of the Field’s concepts, practices, and procedures Rely on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals Negotiate changes in scope, budget or calendar with Project Owner and/or management Leads and directs the work of others A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected Senior Project Manager with at least 10 years of IT project management experience At least 5 years of hands on Agile project management, Scrum, Azure DevOps, Microsoft Power Bi Strong understanding of IS infrastructure and IS Security including: networking/telephony technology, application/system rationalization, Cyber Security compliance, Network reliability and team efficiency through process transformation, automation and asset management. Knowledge of the following applications would be an asset: Orion, IPAM, Tangoe, NetScout, ServiceNow, SAP Ability to make decisions and recommendations on highly technical or complex issues and without formal guidelines or precedents and exercises resourcefulness and ingenuity to interpret policy 
ScrapedJobID1134:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1135:
Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO’s purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks & mitigation techniques for designated areas. Anticipates and reduces complexity for others. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Assists in the preparation of end-user materials. Plans and conducts third-party software analysis as needed for inclusion in the project solution. Gathers requirements and documents these requirements for use in various audits, reports, & projects. Participates in the creation of use cases and user expected results to ensure that software is delivered to end users with zero Severity 1 or Severity 2 defects. Works with project stakeholders to validate their requirements and analysis models via techniques such as reviews and walkthroughs. Ensures system specifications meet expectations/requirements, and negotiates solutions. Creates documentation to ensure the supportability of analyses. Maintains existing requirements to ensure that current-state needs are known. Develops and implements data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filters and “cleans” data, and reviews computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Remains alert to new techniques for insights, analytics, and data visualization, and devises new ways of applying them. Interprets data, analyzes results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes in the organization to improve overall efficiency. Facilitates discussions and follows a structured approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage requirements with stakeholders. Provides analytical support and insights. Identifies opportunities to strengthen business analysis capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across BMO. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 3 years of Fraud experience required. Prefer Risk & Control/Internal Audits highly desired. Experience setting up processes Self Starter Strong Technical Skills i.e. MS office Project Management Skills would be very helpful. Possesses analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Demonstrates applied knowledge of one or more analysis and problem decomposition technique. Understands complete Software Development Life Cycle and can apply the applicable portions of the ‘Feasibility,’ ‘Requirements,” and ‘Analysis’ phases. Demonstrates writing and documentation skills. Understands and can explain to others the core processes involved in their area of support. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1136:
Manage the network and communications hardware including routers, switches, firewalls, servers and VPN’s Develop and maintain security protocols for information systems such as ERP, web services and LMS Ensure that cybersecurity systems, controls and procedures are operating effectively to manage vulnerabilities such as disaster recovery, and provide continuous protection from external and internal parties Prepare and maintain system documentation, progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, technical training materials, and presentations Warranty, break fixes and installation services, including emergency response to server issues Remote and on-site technical support/troubleshoot for Mac, PCs, Servers, Network, and IT Infrastructure environment Maintain network and server hardware and Microsoft windows software platforms (Active Directory, email, firewalls - patch management, OS upgrades and firmware updates). Configure, deploy, support and maintain Windows Servers, PCs, Routers and VM. Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or another similar degree Speaks of English & Mandarin (must) MCSA, MCSE (preferred) ITIL Certification (preferred) 2-3 years of experience supporting servers, desktops, networks and peripheral hardware Experience supporting client applications such as Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Sophos firewall Considerable knowledge and working experience with the characteristics and capabilities of Microsoft Active Directory, Windows Server, Microsoft Exchange, Office 365 Demonstrate experience with IT metrics Experience in managing technology vendor relationships Excellent negotiation and presentation skills Strong knowledge of cybersecurity best practices both on premise and cloud-based storage Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) supporting servers: 2 years (preferred) English and Mandarin (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1137:
Provide Project Management expertise in cyber security, monitor internal and external compliance with vendors, contractors and employees to ensure they are working within the framework of the cyber security policies Work on the advancement of cyber security maturity of the organization and work closely with third party security partners to deliver security projects on time Manage the compliance and adherence to relevant information security and privacy regulations such as Ontario´s Personal Health Information Privacy Act (PHIPA) and Canada´s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) Provides Project Management expertise on the security posture and cyber security mitigations as it applies to but not limited to servers, workstations, network appliances, peripheral equipment, mobile devices, applications software, VoIP telephones, telecommunications infrastructure, and biomedical devices Work with the vendors and internal technology teams, to help maintain essential security operations including but not limited to operating system hardening, security tools, application audits, server security, email security and workstation GPO policy hardening Work with the vendors and internal technology teams, to maintain server and application security while following internal IT change management process Help with the planning and executing the deployment, configuration, and testing of security protocols; defining system policies and procedures as it relates to cyber security Manage security information and event log review, perform audits of systems access as required; lead cyber security Incident Response Processes Help manage the testing and application of vendor software patches and security updates as required while adhering to the standard IT change management process Help all parties who are participating in Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration tests and perform remediation Validate end-point security technologies to ensure effectiveness by working with the assigned teams Lead Cybersecurity awareness and training exercises Ensures compliance with external requirements and industry security standards Responsible for maintaining a broad knowledge of industry trends, emerging security standards, and cyber security best practices Provide recommendations on security KPI’s and metrics while focusing on the reporting and analysis of KPIs for sustainable compliance Regularly reviews and provides meaningful recommendations on technology-related cyber security governance processes to ensure they evolve to meet changing needs Proactively reviews vendor/industry information to identify new opportunities to optimize efficiencies. Participates/leads activities to meet accreditation standards within the scope of this role Responsible to recognize and report staff, and environment safety issues while working to identify and implement preventative and corrective actions Degree Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering Any one of the following certifications are highly desired:
Security+ certification required
CCSP and experience with cloud security strongly preferred
ITIL certification preferred
PMP is preferred and highly desired
CISSP, CISA or CISM certification would be an asset Security+ certification required CCSP and experience with cloud security strongly preferred ITIL certification preferred PMP is preferred and highly desired CISSP, CISA or CISM certification would be an asset 5+ years of related Cyber Security Project Management experience Experience with or knowledge of security tools and monitoring, analysis and mitigation Experience with or knowledge of incident triaging, analysis and response Knowledge of Next Gen Firewall technology such as Palo Alto firewalls is strongly preferred Knowledge of penetration testing tools Knowledge of the following:
DNS/DHCP/Group Policy and Active Directory
Design, development, implementation and support of software and hardware solutions, systems or products
Troubleshooting and implementing networking technologies
Virtualization, VDI and VMWare experience an asset
Microsoft SQL experience an asset
Knowledge of healthcare and enterprise systems and applications preferred
Knowledge of best practices in ITIL
Intermediate knowledge of network infrastructure DNS/DHCP/Group Policy and Active Directory Design, development, implementation and support of software and hardware solutions, systems or products Troubleshooting and implementing networking technologies Virtualization, VDI and VMWare experience an asset Microsoft SQL experience an asset Knowledge of healthcare and enterprise systems and applications preferred Knowledge of best practices in ITIL Intermediate knowledge of network infrastructure Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Excellent problem solving and analytical skills with strong attention to detail Must be able to adapt to rapid change and manage competing priorities with minimal supervision; able to work in a fast-paced environment Strong organizational, prioritization and time management abilities to ensure that assignments are completed within deadlines and established time frames Demonstrated ability to work with various groups across the organization Provide meaningful input for new applications/ technology implementations Demonstrated ability to handle private and confidential information 
ScrapedJobID1138:
Must be bilingual (English & French), both spoken and written, with English or French being your first language/mother tongue Must have a minimum of 5 years prior experience working for a professional IT Services Firm, MSP, or MSSP Must minimally have Comptia NETWORK+ Certification or equivalent/greater certification Must have exceptional customer service and communication skills Must be highly Organized and Dependable Must have expertise in deploying, migrating, and supporting Windows Server Operating Systems. Must be methodical and have very strong troubleshooting skills Must have expert knowledge on Cyber Security Solutions, MS Windows Servers, VMware, Hyper-V, MS Exchange, Office 365, Azure, Amazon AWS, Veeam, DNS, DHCP, WiFi Controllers, Switching, Routing, Firewalls, IPSEC and L2TP VPN, VoIP/UC/PBX, etc. Design Infrastructure Solutions for SMB and Enterprise Clients Infrastructure and Cloud Related Projects Management Troubleshooting various server and network issues Server/SAN Infrastructure Deployments and Migrations Migrations to Cloud Infrastructures on AWS and Azure Regular client follow-ups, updates, and communications Escalation Assistance and Guidance for Level 2 Support Specialists Corporate network maintenance and management tasks IT Certifications like MCP, MSITP, MCSE, VCP, CCNA, SECURITY+, etc. Experience with ConnectWise/AutoTask/Kaseya/Datto or other PSA/RMM/IT Service Ticketing system MSP or IT Service Firm: 5 years (Required) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (Required) Network+ or equivalent experience (Required) Quebec Driver's License (Required) English or French must be your first language/mother tongue (Required) Perfect English and French (Spoken and Written) (Required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1139:
Responsible for protecting all sensitive information and ensuring all networks have required security Demonstrated experience in application security design, implementation and production support Plan and document all security information for a complex cloud based solution architecture with on premise components Safeguards information system assets by identifying, recommending and supporting the implementation of appropriate controls or fixes Protects systems by defining access privileges, control structures, and resources Implements security improvements by assessing current situation; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements Determines security violations and inefficiencies by conducting periodic audits Implement and maintaining security controls as per client requirements Build/maintain/schedule security reports for all systems Maintains quality service by following organization standards Organize and conduct training regarding security and information safeguarding Ensure all security systems are current with any software or hardware changes Degree or Technical Certification Proven experience in System Administration, Network Security, Information Security Policies, and Process Improvement 3 to 7 Years of experience Experience with designing and implementing security on large ERP implementation projects Experience with SAP S4/Hana, SAP IAG or GRC, or SuccessFactors would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1140:

ScrapedJobID1141:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of experience in an engineering senior leadership role with a focus on cloud technology, distributed systems, infrastructure, and applications at large scale and under high load. Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting, Operations or Finance. Experience managing and building engineering and customer-facing teams. Experience working with C-level stakeholders both internal and customer advising on cloud strategy, leading complex transformation/modernization projects. Experience in managing internal infrastructure, developer tools or distributed computing infrastructure. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Grow and scale a strong engineering organization that will be capable of supporting the growth of the technology portfolio and enterprise customer base. Partner closely with global companies as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Define and lead strategy and roadmap, balancing short- and long-term priorities against the business needs. Advocate and influence the development of new technology on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads, Product Management, and UX. Tell the Deloitte innovation story and help translate it into actionable steps global companies can take towards adoption. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1142:
8 hour shift Master's Degree (preferred) Risk management: 8 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1143:
Provisioning VPN Token provisioning Utilize troubleshooting skills to understand systems issues and the potential root causes Demonstrate effective communication skills, and present improvement ideas up to Director level Understand how the Banks risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Follow established processes Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Complete work / tasks, as assigned 2-4 years’ experience required Strong experience and detailed technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security Consistent implementation of security solutions Experience in infrastructure or application-level vulnerability testing and auditing Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Strong organizational skills to keep up with fast-paced work environment and efficiently meet project targets Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Knowledge of MS Office (Excel) for spreadsheet creation Previous VPN provisioning experience 
ScrapedJobID1144:
The Senior Systems Analyst (.NET Developer) will be responsible for managing and supporting the company’s enterprise software applications This includes technical configuration, development and user support The objective of this role is to ensure our enterprise applications support all business capabilities and requirements needed by the organization, and to ensure the information is accurate, complete, available and secure The core application this role support is for a Registry Platform The registry program can work with businesses that produce emissions and provide a platform for these businesses to report their emissions, buy credits, pay fines, provide solutions to address emission levels The initial focus will be placed on supporting the application, to better learn it, and then provide a mix of support and development Development is done using Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools (OutSystems is the preferred technology) This position will allow developers to gain additional Systems Analyst skills, taking requirements, working with business and technology stakeholders, while still developing their hands on development skills 5+ Years Full Stack .Net Development Experience with front end technologies for Responsive User Interface using HTML 5, .Net, CSS 3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node JS, AJAX, JSON and XML with strict W3C standards Experience with backend data storage technologies such MS SQL Server, MySQL, and other database technologies Strong communication skills, can work well with clients and take requirements to enhance complex applications Ability to priorizie work, and manage a mixture of production support and development activities Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools- OutSystems is the preferred technology Exposure to both Waterfall and Agile. 75% of development is done Agile Fundamental understanding of Cybersecurity and Data Privacy QA testing skills appreciated 
ScrapedJobID1145:
Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system 
ScrapedJobID1146:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Participer à l’analyse et à la validation des alertes relatives aux incidents potentiels en sécurité pour ce qui a trait aux courriels, à la réseautique, aux pare-feu, à l’Active Directory et à l’antivirus. Appliquer des mises à jour sur ou des méthodes de contournement sur des systèmes à partir d’une procédure établie. Participer à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Participer à la gestion de la quarantaine pour le service de messagerie. Fournir un support de première ligne aux utilisateurs confrontés avec des problèmes liés à l’utilisation des services informatiques. Développer des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches Installer, maintenir et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels_ de réseautiques et de télécommunications Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou d’une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Démontrer une connaissance dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder une connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows et de la programmation PowerShell. Détenir des connaissances générales en lien avec certains concepts de sécurité tels que le modèle CIA, le modèle zéro-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Posséder une connaissance de base en réseautique et dans l’élaboration des règles de pare-feu. Détenir une connaissance du câblage structuré est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base en Linux et dans les outils de tests d’intrusion est un atout. Démontrer des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 22.XX à 30.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé 
ScrapedJobID1147:
Bonus pay Monday to Friday COBIT Framework: 5 years (required) I.T. Auditor: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1148:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel Participer à la gestion de la sécurité informatique et à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Mettre en place des solutions et des stratégies pour détecter les incidents potentiels en sécurité. Analyser les vulnérabilités et les menaces pour mettre au point des procédures d’atténuation ou de contournement. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Gérer les droits d’accès pour les logiciels et les systèmes d’information. Offrir une assistance de deuxième ligne à l’équipe de la Direction des ressources technologiques ainsi qu’auprès des usagers. Participer au développement des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches et des applications. Planifier et superviser l’implantation des projets et des applications informatiques. Installer, maintenir, gérer et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels) de réseautiques et de télécommunications. Effectuer les achats d’équipements et de licences reliées à la réseautique et les télécommunications. Installer, configurer et gérer les serveurs. Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe requise. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou avec un champ de spécialisation approprié ou détenir un diplôme ou une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Cumuler un minimum de quatre (4) années d’expérience à titre de technicienne ou technicien informatique ou équivalent. Détenir des connaissances dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder des connaissances en lien avec Windows Server et la programmation PowerShell. Démontrer des connaissances approfondies en lien avec l’infrastructure réseau filaire et sans-fil. Posséder une connaissance dans la gestion de pare-feu de la prochaine génération. Posséder des connaissances générales de certains concepts en sécurité (le modèle CIA, le modèle Zero-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Être titulaire d’une certification Cisco CCNA est un atout Détenir des connaissances de base en Linux ainsi que dans les outils de test d’intrusion est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 23.XX à 33.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé DEC 
ScrapedJobID1149:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1150:
8 hour shift Master's Degree (preferred) Risk management: 8 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1151:

ScrapedJobID1152:
Taking ownership of critical Major Incidents within the company's environment, coordinating with resolution technology parties, and establishing effective communication. Ensure all Technology services are available as per agreed Service Levels (Availability Management) Leading, driving, facilitating & chairing all investigation activities, meetings, and conference calls. Issue executive or business communications as required and perform key stakeholder management  * Ensure all reports, OKR's and Key documentation is kept up to date. Maintaining high-performance service levels for the core service management processes and implementing improvements where ever necessary Partner with peers globally to achieve the goals of the stable organization. Including but not limited to: o Liaison with Problem Management team to ensure appropriate actions are followed by respective teams to ensure life cycle progression is maintained Liaison with the Change Management team to ensure appropriate scrutiny is brought to bear on all infra-related changes that may affect the stability of the environment as a whole. Participate in leading and helping drive strategic initiatives across the whole of the technology organization. Enable and champion an IT service-oriented culture. Work with Infrastructure and Applications groups to optimize the availability of the IT infrastructure services to deliver stable, high-performing services that deliver tangible benefits to business units. Provide a range of IT availability reporting to ensure that agreed levels of availability, reliability, and maintainability are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. Provide holistic management of availability that includes people, processes, and technology. Take actions to achieve reductions in frequency and duration of incidents that impact IT availability. Taking account of the service delivery performance, meeting the company expectations, and driving the demand Management of escalated complaints and feedback ensuring all are responded to in a professional manner to the satisfaction of IT / business stakeholders. Leading personnel management, including performance assessment, training, and mentoring  * Ensures cohesive, high-quality service is seen by the business by working closely with other IT teams across the enterprise to ensure service continuity. Responsibility for the overall development, continual improvement, and operational delivery of IT services Recommending methods of improvement and seeing that actions are implemented on time for service upgrades Building strong relationships with teams and stakeholders to enable effective dialogue exchange between departments Providing accurate and regular reports to the management on the performance of the service delivery Leading personnel management, including staff recruitment, performance assessment, training, and mentoring Minimum 2+ years of Leadership Experience. Experience working in a Global IT Service Delivery environment is essential. Proficiency in IT service management software including ITIL principles and COBIT. Financial Services Experience a key advantage, highly pressurized environment an essential.  * Infectious enthusiasm for Service Delivery, Major Incident Management, Availability Management Excellent People skills with the ability to act with influence. Outstanding communication skills; able to converse at senior management and engineer level. High-energy, confident professional with an ability to remain calm and take control in a crisis. Open-minded, flexible, and willing to listen to other people’s opinions. Interpersonal skills necessary to effectively communicate over the phone with a variety of individuals and at all technical levels Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1153:
Intégration des solutions de scanning de sécurité. Sécurisation des différents processus du CI-CD (exemple : signature des images Docker). Collaboration (JIRA/Confluence). Gestion de code source (Git-Bitbucket). Serveurs d’intégration continue (Jenkins 2 avec concept de pipeline as code). Gestion d’artéfacts (Nexus, Artifactory). Rapport et tableaux de bords (SonarQube). Provisionnement (Ansible, Terraform). Plus d’outils de provisionnement et d’orchestration (Docker/k8s). 
ScrapedJobID1154:
IAM (Identity and Access Management): 5 years (preferred) Sailpoint: 5 years (preferred) Active Directory, RACF, JIRA, Service Now: 3 years (preferred) Agile / Scrum IT methodology: 3 years (preferred) French (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1155:
Contribuer à l'atténuation et à la résolution d'incidents liés à la sécurité. Réaliser des évaluations et des recherches sur les menaces, la vulnérabilité et les risques liés à notre environnement infonuagique multi-cloud SaaS. Collaborez avec l'équipe DLP pour identifier et activer les contrôles afin de protéger les fuites de données des applications Web et Cloud. Élaborer des procédures d’intégrations et d’opérationnalisations. Mettre à jours en continue la documentation du service. Création et gestion de rapport d’utilisation / statistique des différents services Cloud. Baccalauréat en génie informatique, ou un domaine connexe. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations et projets d'infrastructure. Un minimum de 3 ans d'expérience avec les services infonuagiques. Un minimum de 3 années d'expérience dans la mise en œuvre des outils et de technologies lies aux opérations de développement de la sécurité. Connaissances approfondies de la cybersécurité opérationnelle, des techniques de protection des données et de la sécurité infonuagique. Avec une Certification Cloud (Ex : AWS et/ou Azure Solutions Architect) et autres certifications liées à la sécurité comme CISSP et SSCP est un atout. Expérience en milieu de développement des opérations et en maintien de la sécurité dans les pipelines d'intégration et de livraison continues est un atout. Maitrise de l'interface de ligne de commande et/ou d'une langue de programmation, telle que Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ est un atout. Conception de Tableaux, d’alertes et de rapport via des outils comme PowerBI, Splunk est un atout. Esprit d'équipe et bonnes compétences en communication. Faculté à présenter avec aisance le projet à différentes ressources (Technique et non technique). Sens de leadership, responsabilités et réactivité. Grande éthique professionnelle et esprit pragmatique. Forte capacité à proposer des solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1156:
Education: Bachelor’s degree, Master preferred; solid experience in the delivery of ERM/ORM projects; Atleast 5 years of recent experience in risk management or Middle/Back Office service; Experience working in a matrixed environment, and coordination of work across a large number of partners. Base understanding of the management of information technology and cyber-security risks Good business acumen related to third-party risk, operational risk, and investment risk, etc. Experience within a Management Consulting firm is considered as an asset; Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills, Good analytical skills; Attention to detail; Self-confidence, positive attitude, pragmatism; Ability to reflect and summarize; Ability to work with minimal mentorship and make recommendations using professional judgment; Sense of priorities; Team spirit; Certifications in risk and/or business continuity Bilingual (French and English) 
ScrapedJobID1157:
Responsible for leading the Third-Party risk assessments and overall due diligence assessments of Software Vendors/Suppliers Individual supporting physical office move from Hong Kong to Singapore In this move, individual will be using the RSA software to coordinate with vendors/suppliers the risk of moving their services over to a new country (reopen the records, re assess the vendor/supplier risk that goes with changing countries) Serves as central point-of-contact for third parties and business partners, while ensuring effective regional and global execution of the Supplier Management Framework model Assists the business partners in performing third party risk assessments and overall due diligence activities as outlined by regulators and internal policies Supports the business partners in the management of supplier performance monitoring and oversight activities through reviews and documenting required post-contract activities (e.g., SOC reviews) Identifies risk findings, communicating impact to the business partners and work with IT Risk teams to ensure timely and accurate closure of open issues Engages third parties in obtaining documentation and information to support required due diligence reviews Extended and/or off-hour work schedules where necessary, in support of global operations and high priority work assignments 2+ years’ experience working in SW Vendor risk management - assessing the risk of a vendor’s SW, whether to bring them aboard PMP or BA background Information Security background and certifications would be ideal (Cyber Security certification would be added bonus, understanding SW that may be sitting on the Cloud) Technical Business background required - so that they understand the SW world of the vendors will be dealing with– understanding of SW lifecycle, management, single sign on Will be using both GRC RSA Archer application system (system that assess risk of a supplier) and iValua (database where store supplier information) Demonstrate skills in managing multiple projects and partnering relationships Very strong information seeking, creative problem solver, decision making, planning, collaboration and coordination skills MS Office Demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy Excellent and confident written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1158:
Manage, implement & maintain high-level IT and Communications systems, including- Data Applications Computing Hardware Network Infrastructure Telecommunications Radio Communications Support Equipment Mining specialization systems Work on protecting data against loss or harm Work on Cyber security of all IT & Comms systems Work on data protection and privacy Minimize the disruption of system and work on improving the availability Support all users in using the IT systems Research and promote new technology initiatives and opportunities Work with suppliers and partners to support systems Coordinate activities in various projects support and technical requests Share knowledge of IT and Mine Operation Systems through documentation and peer communication. Build the knowledge of new and changing IT & Comms systems Attend Training courses as may be required Work towards achieving and delivering goals and objectives Maintain a safe, clean and organized work space Work with facilities and equipment in indoor, outdoor, and industrial environments Be available to work in other BC locations on IT and Comms services, if necessary Complete other relevant tasks, if necessary, under the guidance of the IT management Offer recommendations and observations for improving IT Services and systems Comply with the rules and regulations of the Mount Milligan and Centerra Gold Combination of education and certifications Expertise in at least two industry specialties Highly comfortable in interacting with others, of varying personalities, in person, on the phone and through using remote tools Capable of providing extended hours when required to meet deadlines Able to prioritize and work effectively while being adaptable and open to constant priority changes Calm and collected disposition in complex high pressure business situations Work effectively independently and in a team environment with a positive attitude Focus on safety and continuous improvement Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Valid Driver's license 
ScrapedJobID1159:
Lead and manage the DevSecOps Security team members Promote best in class cyber security practices within KUBRA’s cloud environments and product security with a focus on automation. Work in collaboration with the KUBRA Security business unit to develop and maintain suitable KUBRA security policies for our cloud native solutions. Liaise with auditors, customers, service providers and relevant KUBRA teams while maintaining compliance with all required standards. Participate in maturing the IT risk and compliance practices at KUBRA by participating in risk identification, measurement, mitigation, and reporting processes. Achieve KUBRA Corporate security goals in enhancing the security posture of the business unit. Lead the team in achieving established goals and departmental objectives Ability to take initiative and work proactively under minimal supervision Superior organizational skills with a meticulous attention to detail Ability to prioritize and successfully complete tasks while working under pressure in a fast-paced environment Solid multi-tasking skills with the ability to manage and balance large volumes of work Strong analytical skills with the ability to exercise judgment when dealing with problems or issues that may arise Team-player with strong interpersonal skills and a professional attitude capable of fostering strong working relationships with all levels of staff within the organization as well as external contacts Advanced understanding of Cyber Security processes and tools Ability to work with sensitive and confidential material Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Significant experience in public cloud is required (AWS) 8-10 years of experience in Cyber Security 1-2 years of experience managing a team or complex projects Experience managing security operations teams with preference given to DevOps or DevSecOps experience Demonstrated security experience with Containers and Kubernetes Experience working with industry standard regulations and compliance frameworks (PCI-DSS, ISO, NIST, SANS, SOX, SOC II, HIPAA) Strong understanding of Systems Development Life Cycle processes and CI/CD pipelines Conceptual understanding of general IT controls Ability to secure environments comprised of both Linux and Windows servers Good understanding of programming languages like C# and Java Good understanding of scripting languages like Bash, python and Powershell Strong understanding of PKI, SSL AWS environment experience in a professional setting Application security experience preferred A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID1160:

ScrapedJobID1161:
Deliver SRE-focused Technology roadmaps for given Products, in collaboration with Architecture, Application Development, Product Delivery, enterprise and infrastructure partners Embed SRE non-functional requirements in collaboration with architecture, development and across the entire product lifecycle; focused on improving customer experience and business benefit of the SRE Organization Lead and grow a highly skilled team of SREs; lead and mature annual SRE Academy across AppDev and Support teams; collaborate with local technology communities and make positive impact Implement AI / ML based predictive, preventative and self-healing full stack monitoring; implement centralized logging to enable incident triage and AI/ML Continual, proactive CyberSecurity and DevSecOps focus to harden systems and minimize risk End-to-end DevOps and QE Automation within an Productized Agile methodology; plan and deliver High Availability (HA) environment and DR solutions that exceed RTOs; plan and deliver Load tested, with known capacity thresholds, to provide business scalable systems Application performance planning, monitoring and tuning that exceeds key business process SLOs Proactively maintain technology currency; cloud-assess and migrate to enabled platforms, where possible; deliver and orchestrate solution re-use across the organization; key resource in problem management: RCA and solution go-forward process; update and maintain system design documentation; update and maintain SRE standards An engineering leadership mindset, strong communicator with ownership and drive B.S. degree in Computer Science or related technical field (e.g. EE, physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience and including: 10 + years professional coding experience in one or more of the following: C#, Java and mastery of one or more scripting languages for automating systems management, eg. Bash, Python, Ansible; 5+ years’ experience leading technology teams, including functional management; 4+ years professional Agile / scrum methodology and DevOps experience using UCD, Jenkins Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems as a developer and/or system administrator, with a deep understanding of Linux Operating System internals, Namespaces and Containers Experience with Kubernetes orchestration platform both as a programmer, and from operations perspective; experience working with DB/2 and SQL Databases Hands-on experience in a variety of SRE languages and tools (Ansible, Dynatrace Managed, Moog, PagerDuty, ServiceNow, GitHub, Slack, Elastic, Logstash, Kibana, Blue Prism, CatchPoint) Working knowledge of networking (e.g., firewall, routing, network topologies and hardware, SDN); working knowledge of web-based application architectures Strong communicator and collaborator Deep SRE Academy involvement and leadership MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field (e.g. EE, physics or mathematics) Management of SRE Teams Development, Cloud and/or SRE Certifications Development or operations experience with one or more of: large-scale systems cloud-based applications or services, both public and on premise distributed systems, microservices and/or scale-out database architecture security algorithms and protocols including encryption, authentication or packet inspection A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
ScrapedJobID1162:
Réaliser les travaux d’analyse supportés par une documentation pour appuyer les résultats du diagnostic; Formuler des recommandations relativement à la sécurité des solutions technologiques en considérant l'arrimage des initiatives déjà réalisées en lien avec les meilleures pratiques et encadrements; Conseiller et appuyer les secteurs dans les décisions et l’orientation du projet. Posséder un diplôme dans un domaine pertinent; Détenir dix (10) années d'expérience pertinente en sécurité des technologies de l’information, dont cinq (5) années obtenues, dans des environnements d'envergure et de complexité; Avoir œuvré durant cinq (5) années à titre de spécialiste en sécurité; Connaître et maitriser les meilleures pratiques d’architecture; Être résolu à augmenter la satisfaction et l’expérience client et le démontrer concrètement. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1163:

ScrapedJobID1164:

ScrapedJobID1165:
Bonus pay Company events Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Overtime Social Media or Analytical: 2 years (Required) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1166:
Greet all employees and visitors in a professional, friendly, and hospitable manner Provide excellent customer service to the client, it’s associates and facility personnel Answer phone calls and ensure that all calls are directed properly Generate and issue badges for all visitors to the site Ensure all personnel entering the site have proper ID and authorization Responsible for receiving and coordinating all mail and packages Creating and documenting incident reports as needed Assisting with various administrative duties as needed Perform other related duties as required. Active Guard Card Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Access) Excellent phone etiquette and people skills Previous experience in customer service or in an admin/receptionist position is highly desirable Experience in a corporate business environment Positive attitude and outgoing personality are essential Strong written and verbal communication skills Dental care Vision care 8 hour shift Security: 1 year (required) Administrative experience: 1 year (required) security license (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1167:
You have proven people management experience. You have experience defining and overseeing effectiveness of processes. You have an appreciation for and experience with risk management methodology. You have hands-on experience with Third Party Risk Management processes. You have experience with PCI-DSS. You are detail-oriented and can effectively manage multiple priorities. You are able to provide input into the design, implementation, operation and maintenance of the Bank’s Information Security policies, standards, procedures, guidelines and directives by ensuring new regulatory requirements are incorporated appropriately. You love to lead & drive a customer-focused culture throughout the team and deepen client relationships, leverage broader bank relationships, systems and knowledge to achieve the department’s goals. You have a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field, or equivalent work experience. You possess advanced communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English and/or Spanish. You are able to explain security risks and associated controls to internal stakeholders in a constructive and concise manner You have 5+ years of hands-on industry experience and keep current with emerging trends, best practices, directions and issues in information security technology and global regulatory developments. You have 5+ years of hands-on experience with risk management standards and frameworks (ISO 27001, NIST CSF, PCI DSS, etc.). You have familiarity with Banking Regulatory bodies (OSFI, NY DFS, US Federal Reserve, etc..) You have experience with GRC and TPRM tools (Archer RSA, Metricstream, Coupa Risk Assess) You have used industry leading productivity tools to produce quantitative/qualitative reports, data flow diagrams & visual presentations. You possess relevant security certifications (i.e. CISA, CISSP, CISM, CCSP, CRISC). We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID1168:
Assess, design, implement, automate, and document security solutions, controls, and processes for Amazon Web Service (AWS) and MS Azure cloud platforms; Develop and maintain Security patterns for Cloud Platforms and Services; Assess all cloud patterns to ensure adherence to best security practices and controls Design and implement DevOps processes, tools, and re-usable templates to incorporate security into application and infrastructure design patterns and the building of security controls into the CI/CD process. Build and deliver policies as code, automating security controls, and best practices. Review and approve codes and changes with security implications (e.g. IAM Roles and Policies, Security Groups etc.) Provide subject matter expertise on architecture, authentication, and systems security based on a clear understanding of our cloud engineering stack, services, and data flow Lead focused and continuous cybersecurity risk assessments of new and existing technologies to identify risks and appropriate controls that balance security and operability Provide effective and pragmatic cybersecurity guidance up-front in major technology projects, to enable the business to innovate securely Assist in investigation and remediation of security incidents and issues Be the cloud security subject matter expert for our Cloud Engineering group and its partners in any IaaS/ PaaS and SaaS implementations. Work closely with Information Security, product and software development teams to assess cybersecurity risk, cloud controls, and recommend solution and remediation in the cloud environment You are a self-starter, driven, and can handle multiple projects and priorities. You are passionate about driving the DevOps mindset and culture in a fast-paced, challenging environment where you get the opportunity to work with a spectrum of latest tools and technologies to drive forward Infrastructure-as-Code and Infrastructure-as-a-Service. You are actively looking to improve the solutions you implement, understand the efficacy of collaboration and reaching out across functional borders, and are keen to work in a team of CI/CD and Infrastructure specialists. A university degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Information Technology. 5-8 years of experience developing and fielding security architectures and/or engineering Security certification such as CISSP or CCSP or CCSK or any Cloud Certified Professional or Specialty certification (e.g., AWS Certified Security Specialty, Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert). Knowledge of technical security control environments and compliance frameworks including CSA CCM, ISO27001, ISO 27017 and NIST Demonstrated Knowledge of cloud architecture, cloud operations, cloud-based identity access and management, security, automation, and orchestration. A clear understanding of security protocols and standards and experience with software and security architectures Extensive experience with Cloud-native Security Solutions Firm grasp of networking protocols and operations. Comfortable with low-level packet sniffing, working knowledge on Kali, Wireshark, Burpsuite, Metasploit, Nmap, fiddler, sqlmap, Nessus. Knowledge of network attacks, detections, and defenses knowledge of theoretical and applied cryptography, key management, and a strong understanding of cryptography algorithms such as RSA, AES, SSL vs TLS, PKI, etc Knowledge of Identity and Access Management concepts and technologies to secure production and corporate access, such as SSO, SAML Federated Identity, RBAC, authentication & authorization solutions Experience with scripting (Python, Perl, Bash, PowerShell) and API integrations Demonstrable internal and external relationship building skills and the ability to clearly articulate complex security concepts that influence decision making within a diverse corporate culture. Ability to lead an in-depth client meeting/workshop across a broad range of topics including discovery, cloud compliance, and security Strong programming skills with experience in API and Webhook development using Python, Node.js, Ruby, PowerShell, and Shell Scripting languages. Strong interpersonal, communication and leadership Skills A critical thinker with strong research, analytics, and problem solving skills Self-motivated with a positive attitude and an ability to work independently and or in a team Ability to communicate across business units and the ability to interface with and communicate complex technical concepts to a broad range of internal and external stakeholders Time management skills with the ability to manage multiple streams and lead less experienced architects 
ScrapedJobID1169:
Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Bachelor's Degree (preferred) security frameworks OWASP-TOP 10, SANs-TOP 25, CWE: 1 year (preferred) Burp suite, Fortify and Opensource tools: 1 year (preferred) Application Security: 5 years (required) web and mobile application security: 5 years (required) web application pen tests: 1 year (preferred) Azure: 1 year (preferred) CISSP (preferred) Offensive Security Certified Professional (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1170:
Help to drive targeted efforts across the breadth of a client's business units and functions. Develop strategic and tactical plans to generate revenue. Build relationship strategies for key executives to generate and develop ideas, pursue opportunities, and close sales. Identify and influencing key decision-makers at all levels within the client organization. Play an oversight role in the coordination of proposals. Understand and helping manage the business relationship with Procurement. Coordinate the efforts of Deloitte's cross-disciplinary teams during the sales process. Coordinate how we position and deliver Deloitte thought leadership within the account. A minimum of a bachelor’s degree or diploma in Cyber Security, Finance, Business, or other related discipline is preferred Strong understanding of cyber security with a minimum 7+ years working in this field. Minimum 7+ years of account management / business development support experience (preferably at a professional services or managed services organization). Professional designations such as, CISSP, or willing to pursue within the cyber space. Proven track record in sales support of complex services to complex organizations at both the strategic and operational level. Large account and large contract sales support experience. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach with focus on building relationships with internal and external clients. Ambitious, enthusiastic, and proactive with the ability to solve complex problems in a fast-paced environment. Analytical, detail oriented, and strong problem solving and project management skills with the ability to scale effectively across a large matrix organization. Excellent communication and presentation skills, comfortable presenting to c-suite executives. Flexibility and adaptability required. Ability to obtain secret government clearance; please review the Government of Canada website to ensure you meet the eligibility requirements. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1171:
- 5+ years of Security experience - Strong experience (hands-on) with Okta on recent projects in the past 2 years - Strong understanding of IAM and Security Integrations - Experience with logical access controls like LDAP, Active Directory, Server Access Management etc. - Experience with APIs for Security Integration - Some Cloud experience would be highly valuable 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID1172:
Joignez-vous à une équipe dynamique en pleine croissance et participez à la mise en œuvre de la stratégie numérique de Rio Tinto Un excellent environnement de travail dans lequel les gens sont valorisés et respectés Ce nouveau poste vous donnera accès à des technologies fascinantes et vous permettra de repenser votre façon de travailler Poste permanent situé à Montréal Définir des environnements de réseau SDN, LAN/WAN traditionnels et de sécurité complexes afin de conférer de la valeur aux équipes de réseau élargies mondiales, aux TSI et aux Groupes de produits Assurer l’optimisation/formuler des recommandations à l’égard du rendement des plateformes et de l’infrastructure essentielles aux activités afin d’accroître l’efficience et l’efficacité du réseau mondial de Rio Tinto Concevoir, créer, mettre en œuvre et optimiser des projets de surveillance et d’automatisation pour améliorer la disponibilité, l’évolutivité et la sécurité de l’environnement réseau de Rio Tinto Influencer et créer de nouvelles conceptions, architectures, normes et méthodes pour un environnement réseau mondial de grande envergure Relever, diagnostiquer et résoudre les problèmes dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Assurer la gestion des problèmes en vue de leur résolution dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Se passionner pour l’élimination des processus manuels répétitifs au moyen de l’automatisation Élaborer et optimiser des processus/procédures/méthodes Engagement à assurer votre sécurité et celle de votre équipe Baccalauréat (télécommunications/génie, TI/réseaux de données) ou expérience équivalente Expérience dans la conception, la mise en œuvre et la gestion de réseaux WAN/LAN/sans fil complexes. Une expérience dans l’industrie de l’exploitation minière, pétrolière/gazière ou de la fabrication constitue un atout Expérience souhaitable avec NGFW, FMC de Cisco, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Conaissance d’outils d’automatisation comme Ansible, Chef et Puppet Expérience avec un ou plusieurs des langages de script suivants : Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js ou Golang Compétences efficaces en communication et en production de rapports Connaissance des principes et des processus de l’ITIL et de l’ingénierie système Environnement de travail au sein duquel la sécurité est toujours la priorité absolue Occasions de développement de carrière et aide à la formation pour réaliser vos aspirations sur le plan technique et du leadership Salaire de base concurrentiel établi en fonction de vos compétences et de votre expérience, et programme incitatif annuel Accès en tout temps à des programmes de santé/médicaux favorables à la famille, et à des régimes de retraite et d’épargne Régime d’actionnariat intéressant Congés pour divers motifs (vacances/annuels, congé parental payé, congés de maladie) Rabais pour les employés Join a dynamic growing team and be part of implementing Rio Tinto’s digital strategy Excellent work environment where people are valued and respected This new role will expose you to exciting technology and challenge the way you work Permanent role based in Montreal Articulate complex SDN, traditional LAN/WAN and security environments in order to demonstrate value to broader global network teams, IS&T and Product Groups Provide performance tuning/recommendations for mission critical platforms and infrastructure in order to drive efficiency and effectiveness of the Global Rio Tinto Network Design, create and deliver optimize monitoring and automation steps to improve the availability, scalability and security of Rio Tinto’s network environment Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale global network environment Identify, troubleshoot and resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Problem management to resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Have a passion for eliminating repetitive manual processes using automation Develop and optimise processes/procedures/methods A commitment to the safety of yourself and your team Bachelor’s degree qualification (Telecommunications/Engineering, IT/Data Networks) or equivalent experience Experience with designing, implementing, and managing complex WAN/LAN/Wireless networks. Mining, Oil/Gas, or manufacturing experience preferred Experience with Cisco NGFW, FMC, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Familiarity with automation tools such as Ansible, Chef, and Puppet Have experience with one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js, or Golang Effective communication and reporting skills Knowledge of ITIL principles and processes and system engineering A work environment where safety is always the number one priority Career development & education assistance to further your technical or leadership ambitions A competitive base salary reflective of your skills and experience with annual incentive program Ongoing access to family-friendly health and medical programs, pension and savings plans Attractive share ownership plan Leave for all of life’s reasons (vacation/annual, paid parental, sick leave) Exclusive employee discounts 
ScrapedJobID1173:
Intégrer, mettre à jour l'information sur les processus provenant de sources multiples, recueillir l'information critique lors de réunions avec divers intervenants et produire des rapports utiles pour mener à bien le travail; Documenter, examiner, mettre à jour et normaliser les cas d'utilisation, les processus, les diagrammes de flux de processus et les diagrammes RACI pour la mise en œuvre des contrôles de sécurité; Initier et diriger des discussions techniques sur l'examen de la sécurité, communiquer les exigences, les politiques et les normes de sécurité aux parties prenantes; Soutenir les évaluations de la conformité en matière de sécurité en examinant les réponses au questionnaire sur les contrôles de sécurité, effectuer les évaluations techniques initiales de la sécurité avec les experts en la matière; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour s'assurer que toutes les politiques et procédures de sécurité sont mises en œuvre; Communiquer efficacement, documenter, gérer et suivre l'état d'avancement, et mettre à jour les équipes de projet; Gérer les aspects opérationnels quotidiens des projets et de leur portée, y compris les journaux de projet, les problèmes et les points d'action. Solides compétences en matière de coordination de projets, axées sur les résultats; Compréhension globale de la cybersécurité et des méthodologies, y compris les normes, les risques et la conformité; Compréhension et expérience de la terminologie et des produits de réseau; Un atout : connaissance technique des différentes technologies de sécurité telles que le cloud public/privé/hybride, les conteneurs, la virtualisation, les réseaux mobiles et sans fil; 5+ ans d'expérience en tant que chef de projet, analyse d'affaires ou un domaine connexe; Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'analyse et de réflexion conceptuelle; Solides compétences en gestion du temps avec un sens de l'urgence pour garantir le respect des délais; vous savez établir des priorités et les redéfinir rapidement; Vous avez l'esprit d'équipe, vous êtes sûr de vous, motivé et indépendant. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work; Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation; Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders; Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts; Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams; Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes; Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance; Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products; An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network; 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field; Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills; Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly; Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID1174:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of experience in an engineering senior leadership role with a focus on cloud technology, distributed systems, infrastructure, and applications at large scale and under high load. Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting, Operations or Finance. Experience managing and building engineering and customer-facing teams. Experience working with C-level stakeholders both internal and customer advising on cloud strategy, leading complex transformation/modernization projects. Experience in managing internal infrastructure, developer tools or distributed computing infrastructure. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Grow and scale a strong engineering organization that will be capable of supporting the growth of the technology portfolio and enterprise customer base. Partner closely with global companies as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Define and lead strategy and roadmap, balancing short- and long-term priorities against the business needs. Advocate and influence the development of new technology on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads, Product Management, and UX. Tell the Deloitte innovation story and help translate it into actionable steps global companies can take towards adoption. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1175:
You will work directly with clients and team members to collect, analyze and document business requirements You will be a leader in translating business requirements into technical requirements You will write user stories in JIRA and document systems requirements in Confluence You will create SQL queries for data profiling Strong skills in data mapping, analysis, profiling, and an understanding of end to end data flow, data modelling and data lineage Experienced working with SQL Experience working with complex business logic for ETL Experience with data elicitation Experienced with developing work flow, data flow, data model diagrams and process flow diagrams Familiar with developing reports such as BRD, SRD, DRS Experience with Big Data concepts, working with Hadoop, Hive, Netezza Prior work experience in a bank or financial services industry a strong asset Experience with AML / Fraud / Cyber Security a strong asset You are an independent worker An excellent communicator not afraid to speak up You have a proven ability to work creatively in a problem solving environment Stakeholder management experience, able to work with multiple stakeholders with varying demands and requirements You have the ability to dive into data You love working with a team Experience with both Agile and Waterfall development methodologies Knowledge of customer and transactional business systems Monday to Friday Greater Toronto Area, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Business Systems Analyst: 3 years (required) Banking: 2 years (required) Big Data / Hadoop: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1176:
Diriger l'élaboration et la mise à jour des calendriers de projet, y compris l'application d'une planification appropriée Responsable de surveiller, de contrôler et de rendre compte des aspects liés à l'échéancier du projet. Responsable de l'établissement de techniques de gestion de la performance appropriées pour le projet. Responsable d'analyser et de rapporter les données pour développer une image complète et précise qui informera Lead the development and updating of project schedules including applying appropriate planning Responsible to monitor, control, and report on schedule aspects of the project. Responsible for establishing appropriate performance management techniques for the project. Accountable to analyze and report data to develop a complete and accurate picture that will inform 
ScrapedJobID1177:
A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; 8h day schedule; Vacation: 3 weeks upon hiring; Bonus: 5% of annual salary (if we reach our objectives); RRSP; Group insurance (complete range: vision, medication, life insurance, long-term disability, dental option); Free parking; Cafeteria inside the facility. Free products every 2-3 months or so + possibility to buy them; Referral bonus of $1,000 after 3-6-9 months Performs on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop issues for end-users; this includes software, hardware and peripherals support; Recommends and implements corrective solutions, for onsite and offsite users; Liaise with other IT groups within the organization or third-party support and PC equipment vendors; Installs, configures, tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end-user desktop hardware, software, and network peripheral devices and cabling; Responds to tickets assigned by the Help Desk system (Manage Engine Service Desk) and see to their completion. These tickets will come from users as well as other IT Teams; Liaises with desktop end users to provide training and support on all issues; Performs systems asset management, including maintenance of desktop and network device inventory; Participate in identifying infrastructure related issues; Sees to the application of corporate and local policies as well as the kdc/one IT Security Guidelines; Collaborate with the Systems Administrators (level 2-3 support) in optimizing the network management and supports the implementation of desktop and infrastructure projects; Performs other duties as assigned. DEC in computer science or BAC + 2 to BAC + 5; Minimum of 3 years of experience in IT support; Excellent technical knowledge of PC and office equipment including business desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, etc. ; Experience in supporting and troubleshooting hardware, systems and applications; Experience in supporting Microsoft Windows applications and the Microsoft Office 365 collaborative suite; Working technical knowledge of current protocols, operating systems and standards; Ability to use tools, components and peripheral accessories; Able to read and understand technical manuals, procedural documentation and guides; Fluency in French and English, both written and oral; Experience in an industrial environment (an asset); Knowledge of ITIL (an asset). Strong “customer service” orientation; Analytical and problem-solving skills, with particular attention to detail; Strong communication skills - ability to present ideas in friendly language; Well organized, methodical and good time management; Motivated and results oriented, with the ability to prioritize and execute tasks effectively in a high-pressure environment; Ability to learn quickly; Able to adapt and work in a constantly changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID1178:
Competitive compensation Excellent benefits and bonus structure Flexible work schedule and location Plan, lead, and schedule audits in the Information Technology department Design and conduct data analysis Prepare data analytics for external auditors, partners, and other related parties Provide updates to senior management and support to the team Provide feedback on risks and best practices Consulting and monitoring large projects 5+ years experience in IT Audit CISA/CISSP designated or in progress CPA considered an asset Strong communication and a critical thinker 
ScrapedJobID1179:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures. Work closely with key stakeholders to prioritize requirements and communicate different messages effectively to different audiences. Liaison between business, operations, and technology and innovation teams to accurately gather, analyze, document and deliver business requirements. Perform needs analysis based on business requirements and ensure solutions being proposed meets the organizational and business goals. Participate project development activities including, but are not limited to, documentation of business value drivers, analysis/research of needs, gathering, documenting and updating business outcomes and conduct information gathering sessions. Development of concise and professional execute presentation material. Adapts to changing business priorities and business needs during active design periods; and ability to keep Requirement Definitions and other documentation updated accordingly. Bilingual Spanish is considered an asset. Bachelor’s or post-graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business or equivalent experience. Business Analyst with 5 years of Business Analysis or other equivalent strategic planning competencies. Project experience in complex environments, including cross-functional, international, or cross-organizational teams and stakeholders across multiple sites, including field operations, head office and regional offices. Knowledge of BABOK (Business Analysis Body of Knowledge) is an asset. Knowledge of TOGAF Exploration & Mining Business Capability Models and their use in digital strategy development is considered an asset. Mining industry experience is an asset, specifically in areas of mining, processing, maintenance and engineering operations technologies. Experience with IT technologies including industrial networking, software development, control systems, cyber security, industrial embedded hardware strongly desired. Industrial infrastructure experience is an asset. Familiarity with Mining or Natural Resources industry is preferred. Exceptional communications (verbal and written) skills including development of executive presentation material and business justification documents. Excellent analytical capabilities, problem-solving abilities and strong knowledge of business analysis techniques. Ability to work comfortably with a high degree of autonomy in an environment of fast paced change and a highly distributed team. Highly drive, effective, versatile and action-oriented. Proficient in the use of and other tools used to capture business processes and create road maps. Proficient in Microsoft Office tools (O365), SharePoint (Online), Visio, Teams. 
ScrapedJobID1180:
Perform outbound calls to stores to list any outstanding issues Ask scripted questions to validate store holiday preparedness Capture model and serial number for failed equipment and escalate to appropriate vendor Update anti-virus definitions and scan systems for any malware Manually check for OS updates and escalate to identified contacts Open/Close service tickets within Service Center 1+ years of Service Desk technical support within the retail environment Familiar with networking (i.e. Switches, Firewall, IP Address, Pinging) Good phone etiquette Proficient in Microsoft Excel Experience using a help desk ticketing system a plus 
ScrapedJobID1181:

ScrapedJobID1182:
Responsible for protecting all sensitive information and ensuring all networks have required security Demonstrated experience in application security design, implementation and production support Plan and document all security information for a complex cloud based solution architecture with on premise components Safeguards information system assets by identifying, recommending and supporting the implementation of appropriate controls or fixes Protects systems by defining access privileges, control structures, and resources Implements security improvements by assessing current situation; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements Determines security violations and inefficiencies by conducting periodic audits Implement and maintaining security controls as per client requirements Build/maintain/schedule security reports for all systems Maintains quality service by following organization standards Organize and conduct training regarding security and information safeguarding Ensure all security systems are current with any software or hardware changes Degree or Technical Certification Proven experience in System Administration, Network Security, Information Security Policies, and Process Improvement 3 to 7 Years of experience Experience with designing and implementing security on large ERP implementation projects Experience with SAP S4/Hana, SAP IAG or GRC, or SuccessFactors would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1183:
Required to have an intermediate or better knowledge of the Python scripting language and coding experience. C/C++/Java development experience is also desirable. Desired to have an acute understanding of: LDAP products such as Ping Directory, ODSEE, Active Directory. Identity products such as ForgeRock OpenIDM. General network and enterprise security standards and concepts Required to be familiar with developing products running on Linux operating system platforms/containers. Desired experience working with large enterprise architecture and Devops tooling (e.g., Git, Jenkins, Ansibile). Minimum 5 years of experience working with Devops tooling on Directory and Identity systems. 8 hour shift IAM: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1184:
Diriger l'élaboration et la mise à jour des calendriers de projet, y compris l'application d'une planification appropriée Responsable de surveiller, de contrôler et de rendre compte des aspects liés à l'échéancier du projet. Responsable de l'établissement de techniques de gestion de la performance appropriées pour le projet. Responsable d'analyser et de rapporter les données pour développer une image complète et précise qui informera Lead the development and updating of project schedules including applying appropriate planning Responsible to monitor, control, and report on schedule aspects of the project. Responsible for establishing appropriate performance management techniques for the project. Accountable to analyze and report data to develop a complete and accurate picture that will inform 
ScrapedJobID1185:
Certification: GCP Solution Architect – Associate or GCP SysOps - Associate Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes Monday to Friday GCP Cloud Operations Senior Engineer: 8 years (preferred) GCP Solution Architect Certification (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1186:
A competitive salary A great workplace with free parking, a dynamic team, friendliness and cohesion. It is close to public transport. Family reconciliation - work with flexible working hours and the possibility of tele work. We will pay an allowance per month for any sports activity that keeps you fit and healthy. Your health and well-being are important to us! If you work in a specific area governed by an Order, we will pay your membership fees. Ottawa: We pay the cost of your insurance plan. Montreal: We pay 50% of the cost of your insurance plan. Offices all over the world with the possibility of mobility We organize a lot of social activities Language for machine: Apache Spark/Scala & GoLang or equivalents are required for this role. Databases: Scalable Time Series database (Druid, Clickhouse), document databases (CouchDB, elasticsearch), Graph DB (Neo4j and the like) OS and cloud: Elastic and clustered deployments. GCE, AWS, Azure experience is an asset (but not a requirement), Docker, K8s, VMWare, KVM, and stuff. Other: Strong design skills in realizing scalable software solutions is definitely an asset. Experience with machine learning and background in cybersecurity is an asset. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have experience using Apache Spark/Scala & GoLang or equivalents? Do you have experience using databases: Scalable Time Series database (Druid, Clickhouse), document databases (CouchDB, elasticsearch), Graph DB (Neo4j and the like)? Do you have experience using OS and cloud: Elastic and clustered deployments. GCE, AWS, Azure experience is an asset (but not a requirement), Docker, K8s, VMWare, KVM, and stuff? Asset: Do you have strong design skills in realizing scalable software solutions? Asset: Do you have experience with machine learning and background in cybersecurity ? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1187:
Lead and manage the DevSecOps Security team members Promote best in class cyber security practices within KUBRA’s cloud environments and product security with a focus on automation. Work in collaboration with the KUBRA Security business unit to develop and maintain suitable KUBRA security policies for our cloud native solutions. Liaise with auditors, customers, service providers and relevant KUBRA teams while maintaining compliance with all required standards. Participate in maturing the IT risk and compliance practices at KUBRA by participating in risk identification, measurement, mitigation, and reporting processes. Achieve KUBRA Corporate security goals in enhancing the security posture of the business unit. Lead the team in achieving established goals and departmental objectives Ability to take initiative and work proactively under minimal supervision Superior organizational skills with a meticulous attention to detail Ability to prioritize and successfully complete tasks while working under pressure in a fast-paced environment Solid multi-tasking skills with the ability to manage and balance large volumes of work Strong analytical skills with the ability to exercise judgment when dealing with problems or issues that may arise Team-player with strong interpersonal skills and a professional attitude capable of fostering strong working relationships with all levels of staff within the organization as well as external contacts Advanced understanding of Cyber Security processes and tools Ability to work with sensitive and confidential material Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Significant experience in public cloud is required (AWS) 8-10 years of experience in Cyber Security 1-2 years of experience managing a team or complex projects Experience managing security operations teams with preference given to DevOps or DevSecOps experience Demonstrated security experience with Containers and Kubernetes Experience working with industry standard regulations and compliance frameworks (PCI-DSS, ISO, NIST, SANS, SOX, SOC II, HIPAA) Strong understanding of Systems Development Life Cycle processes and CI/CD pipelines Conceptual understanding of general IT controls Ability to secure environments comprised of both Linux and Windows servers Good understanding of programming languages like C# and Java Good understanding of scripting languages like Bash, python and Powershell Strong understanding of PKI, SSL AWS environment experience in a professional setting Application security experience preferred A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID1188:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end. Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous avez 5+ ans d'expérience dans divers standards industriels. Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : Opérations de pare-feu tels que les pare-feu Fortinet, Checkpoint et Cisco ASA Web Proxy ou similaire Technologie VPN à distance et de site à site Équilibreurs de charge comme NetScaler et F5 Compréhension générale des normes de sécurité des réseaux Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k - STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage - EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista Vous avez au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux. L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée. Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique. Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents. Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes. Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1189:
Partner with internal and external sales teams to plan and organize sales strategies for the CDW security practice Engage in continuous learning by proactively expanding technical depth in products, solutions, and services and acquiring certifications in advanced technologies for CDW's security partner certification requirements when appropriate Provide feedback to technology leaders where opportunities exist to improve offerings, design, and delivery execution Influence, guide, support and collaborate with customers within CDW Canada Strategic Partners Technologies/Solutions to develop their IT security strategy Conduct business-focused security solution presentations at CDW, Customer, and Partner events and meetings in your territory Collaborate with Partners, Inside Solution Architects and Account Executives to develop a detailed Territory Plan to guide mapped opportunities; fine tune strategies and approaches to achieve greater sales results Develop a detailed Territory Plan in collaboration with Partners, Account Executives, and Inside Solution Architects and use it to manage their security business 8-10 years in an IT consulting or senior IT operations role Fluent in both English and French (strong written and verbal skills in both official languages). Extensive security architecture knowledge and experience in planning, implementation, testing in addition to creation and rollout of security standards, policies, and procedures Demonstrated proficiency of written and verbal communication skills (including technical writing and presentations) with the ability to communicate and collaborate effectively both internally and externally Self-starter, flexible, adaptable, highly organized and proactive Ability to remain calm in a fast-paced work environment and to demonstrate thoughtful leadership in assessing problems/opportunities and recommending an approach to solving problems and pursuing opportunities Skills and experience with the following technologies is desired: Information Security Policies, IT Security Standards and Governance (PCI, ISO 27001, COBIT), Vulnerability Management / Assessment, Risk Management/Assessment, Security Awareness, Industry certifications (CISSP, CISM, etc.) Ability to obtain and maintain relevant industry standard certifications 
ScrapedJobID1190:
Un salaire competitif Un lieu de travail formidable avec stationnement gratuit, équipe dynamique, convivalité et cohésion. C’est proche des transports publics. conciliation famille - travail avec des heures de travail flexible et la possibilité de tele travail. Nous paierons une indemnité par mois pour toute activité sportive vous permettant de rester en forme et en bonne santé. Votre santé et votre bien-être nous tiennent à cœur ! Si vous travaillez dans un domaine spécifique régi par un Ordre, nous paierons vos frais d’adhésion. Ottawa: Nous payons le coût de votre régime d’assurance. Montreal: Nous payons 50% du coût de votre régime d’assurance. Des bureaux partout dans le monde avec possibilité de de mobilité Nous organisons beaucoup d’activités sociales Langue de la machine : Apache Spark/Scala & GoLang ou équivalents sont requis pour ce rôle. Bases de données : base de données de séries temporelles évolutives (Druid, Clickhouse), bases de données de documents (CouchDB, elasticsearch), Graph DB (Neo4j et autres) OS et cloud : déploiements élastiques et en cluster. L'expérience GCE, AWS, Azure est un atout (mais pas une exigence), Docker, K8s, VMWare, KVM, etc. Autre : De solides compétences en conception dans la réalisation de solutions logicielles évolutives sont définitivement un atout. Une expérience en apprentissage automatique et une formation en cybersécurité sont un atout. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Avez-vous de l'expérience avec Apache Spark/Scala & GoLang ou des équivalents ? Avez-vous de l'expérience dans l'utilisation de bases de données : base de données Scalable Time Series (Druid, Clickhouse), bases de données documentaires (CouchDB, elasticsearch), Graph DB (Neo4j et autres) ? Avez-vous de l'expérience dans l'utilisation du système d'exploitation et du cloud : déploiements élastiques et en cluster. L'expérience GCE, AWS, Azure est un atout (mais pas une exigence), Docker, K8s, VMWare, KVM, etc.? Atout : Vous possédez de solides compétences en conception pour réaliser des solutions logicielles évolutives ? Atout : Vous avez de l'expérience en machine learning et une formation en cybersécurité ? Oui 
ScrapedJobID1191:
Function as a Data Protection subject matter expertise in data protection related areas such as Data Discovery, Data Classification and Tagging, Data Loss Prevention, Data Anonymization, Deletion, Encryption, etc. Understand process and materials related to data discovery, DLP, anonymization and deletion. Knowledge on data protection capabilities offered by cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS and GCP. Project delivery, as required by the scope of specific client engagements, which includes Assessment/Strategy through to the Design, Implementation and Optimisation of data protection, data privacy principles and regulatory environment solutions and products. Engagement management, including project planning, budget management, and resource management. Business development activities throughout the entire opportunity lifecycle, including lead generation, opportunity tracking, pre-sales presentations, technical demos, client & engagement risk assessments, bid management, proposal writing, and contract management. Practice development, including work on delivery methodology, training, and sales and marketing materials. Multitasking on multiple projects and tasks with contending priorities in a fast-paced environment. Working with other Cybersecurity & Privacy teams on non-data protection projects as required. Coach and train new and/or more junior team members to become an integral part of the Data Protection team, Cybersecurity & Privacy Consulting practice and PwC family. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work. A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives. Ability to be recognized as the subject matter specialist in data protection when our client requires. Industry Certifications (CISSP, CIPP, CCSP, PMP, etc.) would be an asset. Experience working on data protection capabilities within Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) would be an asset. Demonstrates experience providing technical guidance for designing, testing, and implementing two or more of the following data protection capabilities:
Data Loss Prevention
Data Discovery
Data Anonymization / Deletion
Data Classification and Tagging
Encryption / Tokenization Data Loss Prevention Data Discovery Data Anonymization / Deletion Data Classification and Tagging Encryption / Tokenization Practical experience with conducting risk assessments and testing of data protection and privacy controls. Industry-specific compliance/regulatory experience (e.g. banking, fintech, life sciences, telecommunications, etc.) is a plus. Solid oral and written communication skills. Be able to present findings and recommendations from security assessments to senior leadership including VPs, CISO, CIO, and other C-Suite stakeholders. Experience working with SIEM solutions, and log-ingestion and analysis for insider threat and CSOC would be an asset. Demonstrates capability to interact with end users to understand and document business and functional requirements, and drive technical tasks across the implementation and operationalization of data protection solutions. Ability to architect, implement and integrate solutions that provide various data protection capabilities for enterprises. 
ScrapedJobID1192:
Process Management: you will collaborate across the Business Unit to develop processes and standards; implements new or revised processes/standards; monitors for compliance; and facilitates continuous improvement to ensure quality and efficiency, improve accountability and practices for internal control and oversight. You will ensure project delivery, intake, vendor and contracts management, and operational work adheres to documented and approved policies, processes, and procedures. Business Planning and Reporting: You will support the Innovation team in building its business plan; monitors progress against the plan; and reviews early drafts for holistic alignment to BU strategies and objectives. Internal Compliance Auditing: You will perform targeted audits within Innovation to ensure compliance with processes and standards. Report findings to the Manager, Controls and Governance, along with recommendations for changes in current practices and processes as required. Innovation Vendor Management: You will supports Innovation leaders and/or project leads during vendor engagement initiation and contract management; the degree of support will depend on your comfort level and familiarity with the process, and can range from a general check for completeness to full guidance and review. You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or equivalent of education and experience You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant work experience in technology teams supporting projects in the project manager and/or business analyst capacity. You are familiar with MS Office tools, including Visio and Project. Certification/training such as ITIL, PMP, OCM is a strong asset. You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID1193:
Resiliency Strategy and Vision for the “always on” model Organization resiliency for keeping pace with organization changes Process resiliency for orchestration and business process availability Application resiliency for the “active-active” uptime of systems Data resiliency for the protection and availability of corporate data IT Infra resiliency for recovery, BC, DR, HA Facility resiliency for prime and alternative work areas and will be inspired by the opportunity to work in a team to develop new processes and technologies to overcome these challenges. assesss risks to identify unacceptable physical threats, potential problem areas, or risks that could impact business operations, and to define preventive actions (not only remedies) or risk transfer alternatives identify business impacts to define the financial and operational impact of a disaster, to quantify requirements for recovery time frames and data integrity, and to prioritize the recovery sequence of business functions develop resiliency strategy and roadmap to define feasible recovery alternatives for an organization and to identify the optimum recovery strategy based on a cost/benefit analysis, addressing each major component in your environment: Workplace, Call Center (voice/telephony), Network, and DataCenter develop business continuity and resiliency plans to describe the tasks that users have to execute to respond to a disaster situation and to be able to perform vital business functions for return to normal operations and/or to create a comprehensive guideline for managing a disaster which affects the organization’s IT environment, telephony, and facilities to respond to a disaster situation 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform designApplied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Cyber Security resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution 
ScrapedJobID1194:
Soutenir le programme de test Network SOC VM; Effectuer des tests de sécurité des applications, des réseaux et des infrastructures, y compris des évaluations de vulnérabilité et des techniques de test manuel, des tests de pénétration; Identifier les cyber-risques nouveaux et émergents et préparer des recommandations pour les contre-mesures appropriées, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les nouveaux investissements technologiques, les nouvelles normes, les changements de politique ou la reconfiguration des systèmes ou des processus commerciaux existants; Collaborer avec divers intervenants internes ainsi qu'avec des partenaires externes; Produire des rapports d'évaluation de la sécurité et les distribuer aux équipes d'assistance réseau (pour correction); Fournir des commentaires sur la documentation opérationnelle et procédurale au besoin; Jouer un rôle actif dans les audits et les enquêtes liés à la sécurité; Être un membre de soutien au besoin de l'équipe Network SOC VM; Connaissance pratique des outils de gestion des risques et de la conformité (GRC) ainsi que des outils de collaboration tels que JIRA et Confluence; Capacité de documenter et d'éduquer les parties prenantes sur les résultats; Capacité à rechercher, recommander et mettre en œuvre des modifications aux procédures et aux systèmes pour améliorer la sécurité des applications et des systèmes; Capacité à servir d'expert en la matière sur les outils, les politiques et les contrôles de sécurité du réseau; Capacité à se tenir au courant des dernières réglementations, avis, alertes et vulnérabilités en matière de sécurité; Compréhension suffisante du langage de codage pour effectuer une revue de code sécurisée; Minimum de 3 ans d'expérience professionnelle dans la sécurité de l'information en tant que pentester ou rôle similaire; Expérience avec les outils et méthodologies de test de sécurité dans la conduite d'évaluations de la vulnérabilité et de la sécurité des applications; Connaissance pratique des langages de script ou/et de programmation (ex : Python, Powershell, c#, Java, etc.); Capacité d'analyser les solutions informatiques et l'infrastructure technologique pour identifier et évaluer les vulnérabilités, les menaces et les risques de sécurité; Un historique des résultats et de l'efficacité dans le support technique des applications, le dépannage et l'analyse, la résolution de problèmes et les rôles d'amélioration de la disponibilité et de la fiabilité des services; Penser analytiquement et synthétiser les informations techniques provenant de diverses sources; Haut niveau d'intégrité personnelle et capacité à traiter de manière professionnelle des questions confidentielles et à faire preuve d'un haut niveau de jugement et de maturité; Excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, en établissement de relations et en influence des autres; Qualifications/compétences préférées : Une qualification professionnelle basée sur la sécurité souhaitable (par exemple, CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, OSCP); Baccalauréat dans un domaine lié à la technologie ou expérience de travail équivalente; Solides connaissances internes et des opérations du système d'exploitation; Connaissance des tactiques opérationnelles de sécurité offensives et défensives; Compréhension du cadre industriel tel que NIST, MITRE ATT&CK, OWASP, PCI-DSS, ITIL et/ou d'autres cadres de conformité; Bilingue en français et en anglais serait un atout; Expérience en tant que développeur en entreprise ou/et faisant partie d'un projet open source sur un référentiel de code public (ex : Github). Support the Network SOC VM testing program; Perform security testing of applications, networks and infrastructures, including vulnerability assessments, and manual testing techniques, penetration testing; Identify new and emerging cyber risks and prepare recommendations for appropriate countermeasures, including, but not limited to, new technology investments, new standards, changes in policy or reconfiguration of existing systems or business processes; Collaborate with various internal stakeholders as well as external partners; Produce security assessment reports and distribute to Network Support teams (for remediation); Provide feedback on operational and procedural documentation as required; Take an active role in security-related audits and inquiries; Supporting member as required to the Network SOC VM team. Working knowledge of Risk and Compliance (GRC) tools as well as collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence; Ability to document and educate stakeholders on the findings; Ability to research, recommend, and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance application and systems security; Ability to serve as subject matter expert on Network security tools, polices, and controls; Ability to keep up to date on the latest security regulations, advisories, alerts and vulnerabilities; Sufficient coding language understanding to conduct secure code review; Minimum of 3 years professional work experience in information security as a pentester or similar role; Experience with security testing tools and methodologies in conducting vulnerability and application security assessments; Working knowledge with scripting or/and programmatic language (ex: Python, Powershell, c#, Java, etc.); Ability to analyze IT solutions and technology infrastructure to identify and assess security vulnerabilities, threats, and risks; A track record of results and effectiveness in applications technical support, trouble-shooting and analysis, problem resolution, and service availability and reliability improvement roles; Think analytically and synthesize technical information from various sources; High level of personal integrity, and the ability to professionally handle confidential matters and demonstrate a high level of judgment and maturity; Excellent skills of verbal and written communications, relationship building, and influencing others; Preferred Qualifications/Competencies: A security based professional qualification desirable (e.g. CISM, CISA, OPST, CEH, OSCP); Bachelor’s degree in technology-related field or the equivalent work experience; Strong knowledge operating system internals and operations; Knowledge of offensive and defensive security operational tactics; Understanding of industrial framework such as NIST, MITRE ATT&CK, OWASP,PCI-DSS, ITIL and/or other compliance frameworks; Bilingual in French and English would be an asset; Experience as a developer in enterprise or/and part of a open source project on a public code repository (ex: Github). 
ScrapedJobID1195:
Location: Etobicoke Job Type: Full Time Industry: IT Services Number of Vacancies: 2 1-5 years experience in IT support. Solid spoken French and English proficiency is a must. New learning (cloud or security or other IT related subject) in last 2 years is a must. Good understanding of IT concepts for networking, servers, client support. Specialty in an area would be a plus. (In cyber-security, networking, MDM, other) Have good ability to talk to clients. No 
ScrapedJobID1196:
Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1197:
Planning and execution of audit programs, Ongoing client communication, reporting, and follow-up of all findings Testing ICFR's and ITGC's, process and access controls Assessing the risks and their impact on the business Presentation of findings and recommendations to client management Experience with IT audit within big 4 audit firms Experience with Business Application Systems Audit, Infrastructure audits, ITGC's Exposure to ERP systems CISA designation is a definite asset 
ScrapedJobID1198:

ScrapedJobID1199:

ScrapedJobID1200:

ScrapedJobID1201:
2+ years of demonstrable experience with AWS Guard Duty, Security Hub, WAF/Shield and AWS Config 2+ years of demonstrable experience in architecting secure solutions within AWS 2+ years of experience in AWS log analysis 2+ years of experience with network protocols and packet analysis tooling 2+ years of experience with Python or similar AWS supported scripting language 1+ years experience with securing application deployments in AWS 1+ years experience with Infrastructure as code tooling (Cloudformation, Terraform) 
ScrapedJobID1202:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end. Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous avez 5+ ans d'expérience dans divers standards industriels. Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : Opérations de pare-feu tels que les pare-feu Fortinet, Checkpoint et Cisco ASA Web Proxy ou similaire Technologie VPN à distance et de site à site Équilibreurs de charge comme NetScaler et F5 Compréhension générale des normes de sécurité des réseaux Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k - STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage - EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista Vous avez au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux. L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée. Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique. Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents. Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes. Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1203:
Be a subject matter expert on the designated partner’s products, programs and go to market strategies that the team is aligned to and communicate them to CDW sales. Assist Partner and Solution specialists with account mapping and field alignment activities with partners and sales Create sales plans and activities with Business Development Managers to focus them on hunting and driving net new business with their brands Attend customer facing events and/or conference calls to communicate the value add of CDW Facilitate training for the team on their assigned partners, or on competitive technologies to allow them to best represent their solutions to customers and sellers. Develop and execute to quarterly sales plan Complete monthly reporting on team utilization, including sales engagement, pipeline and market trends Cultivate relationships between partner sales team, CDW Sales, & Leadership teams. Act as a liaison between CDW Sales, Integrated Technology, and Product and Partner Management (PPM) to identify opportunities for product, program and partner alignment improvements Understand the market trends impacting the partners the team represents as well as be able to identify and communicate wins/challenges of the business internally and externally Have excellent knowledge of CDW service offerings and the process in which account managers attach them to products Proficient in CDW tools and process such as SPS, AS400, bid desk, returns etc. Develop and track KPIs for all roles in the Specialists organization to help focus the team and achieve CDW and partner goals Support discussion with partners and PPM around investment in CDW coworkers in Specialists team to help drive growth their brand is looking for with CDW Facilitate training for the team on new or critical CDW offers, which includes those for the brands they are assigned and attach items like warranty, services, etc. 2+ years of related experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience Technology product sales or marketing experience Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities/projects, meet deadlines, facilitate change and delegate responsibilities Strong problem-solving skills with demonstrated ability to find solutions Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (specifically Excel including formulas, pivot tables and charts) Ability to communicate effectively and in a constructive manner with management, peers, and coworkers Customer Focus and Service minded Ability to think creatively and come up with proactive ideas that will increase sales Must be able to communicate effectively and in a constructive manner with management, peers and coworkers Proven group presentations skills Motivated and self-starting Team Player and time management 3+ years of experience in vendor management, as brand manager, as partner manager or related experience 
ScrapedJobID1204:
Joignez-vous à une équipe dynamique en pleine croissance et participez à la mise en œuvre de la stratégie numérique de Rio Tinto Un excellent environnement de travail dans lequel les gens sont valorisés et respectés Ce nouveau poste vous donnera accès à des technologies fascinantes et vous permettra de repenser votre façon de travailler Poste permanent situé à Montréal Définir des environnements de réseau SDN, LAN/WAN traditionnels et de sécurité complexes afin de conférer de la valeur aux équipes de réseau élargies mondiales, aux TSI et aux Groupes de produits Assurer l’optimisation/formuler des recommandations à l’égard du rendement des plateformes et de l’infrastructure essentielles aux activités afin d’accroître l’efficience et l’efficacité du réseau mondial de Rio Tinto Concevoir, créer, mettre en œuvre et optimiser des projets de surveillance et d’automatisation pour améliorer la disponibilité, l’évolutivité et la sécurité de l’environnement réseau de Rio Tinto Influencer et créer de nouvelles conceptions, architectures, normes et méthodes pour un environnement réseau mondial de grande envergure Relever, diagnostiquer et résoudre les problèmes dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Assurer la gestion des problèmes en vue de leur résolution dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Se passionner pour l’élimination des processus manuels répétitifs au moyen de l’automatisation Élaborer et optimiser des processus/procédures/méthodes Engagement à assurer votre sécurité et celle de votre équipe Baccalauréat (télécommunications/génie, TI/réseaux de données) ou expérience équivalente Expérience dans la conception, la mise en œuvre et la gestion de réseaux WAN/LAN/sans fil complexes. Une expérience dans l’industrie de l’exploitation minière, pétrolière/gazière ou de la fabrication constitue un atout Expérience souhaitable avec NGFW, FMC de Cisco, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Conaissance d’outils d’automatisation comme Ansible, Chef et Puppet Expérience avec un ou plusieurs des langages de script suivants : Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js ou Golang Compétences efficaces en communication et en production de rapports Connaissance des principes et des processus de l’ITIL et de l’ingénierie système Environnement de travail au sein duquel la sécurité est toujours la priorité absolue Occasions de développement de carrière et aide à la formation pour réaliser vos aspirations sur le plan technique et du leadership Salaire de base concurrentiel établi en fonction de vos compétences et de votre expérience, et programme incitatif annuel Accès en tout temps à des programmes de santé/médicaux favorables à la famille, et à des régimes de retraite et d’épargne Régime d’actionnariat intéressant Congés pour divers motifs (vacances/annuels, congé parental payé, congés de maladie) Rabais pour les employés Join a dynamic growing team and be part of implementing Rio Tinto’s digital strategy Excellent work environment where people are valued and respected This new role will expose you to exciting technology and challenge the way you work Permanent role based in Montreal Articulate complex SDN, traditional LAN/WAN and security environments in order to demonstrate value to broader global network teams, IS&T and Product Groups Provide performance tuning/recommendations for mission critical platforms and infrastructure in order to drive efficiency and effectiveness of the Global Rio Tinto Network Design, create and deliver optimize monitoring and automation steps to improve the availability, scalability and security of Rio Tinto’s network environment Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale global network environment Identify, troubleshoot and resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Problem management to resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Have a passion for eliminating repetitive manual processes using automation Develop and optimise processes/procedures/methods A commitment to the safety of yourself and your team Bachelor’s degree qualification (Telecommunications/Engineering, IT/Data Networks) or equivalent experience Experience with designing, implementing, and managing complex WAN/LAN/Wireless networks. Mining, Oil/Gas, or manufacturing experience preferred Experience with Cisco NGFW, FMC, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Familiarity with automation tools such as Ansible, Chef, and Puppet Have experience with one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js, or Golang Effective communication and reporting skills Knowledge of ITIL principles and processes and system engineering A work environment where safety is always the number one priority Career development & education assistance to further your technical or leadership ambitions A competitive base salary reflective of your skills and experience with annual incentive program Ongoing access to family-friendly health and medical programs, pension and savings plans Attractive share ownership plan Leave for all of life’s reasons (vacation/annual, paid parental, sick leave) Exclusive employee discounts 
ScrapedJobID1205:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, similar degree/field or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of experience in an engineering senior leadership role with a focus on cloud technology, distributed systems, infrastructure, and applications at large scale and under high load. Experience collaborating with various teams such as Program Management, Product Management, Engineering, Management Consulting, Operations or Finance. Experience managing and building engineering and customer-facing teams. Experience working with C-level stakeholders both internal and customer advising on cloud strategy, leading complex transformation/modernization projects. Experience in managing internal infrastructure, developer tools or distributed computing infrastructure. Expertise in Cloud security management, governance tools, delivery, Cloud architecture and Cloud strategy Experience with engagement delivery, building and maintaining client relationships, proven thought leadership, and talent monitoring Grow and scale a strong engineering organization that will be capable of supporting the growth of the technology portfolio and enterprise customer base. Partner closely with global companies as their most trusted Deloitte technical advisor. Define and lead strategy and roadmap, balancing short- and long-term priorities against the business needs. Advocate and influence the development of new technology on behalf of our third-party partners while also closely collaborating with internal cross-functional team leads, Product Management, and UX. Tell the Deloitte innovation story and help translate it into actionable steps global companies can take towards adoption. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Deloitte and across the Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management, and documents. Drive technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects in advisory and Cloud MSS Be an engaged manager who understands what individuals are working on, who maintains credibility with engineers, and participates in technical discussions. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID1206:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1207:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1208:

ScrapedJobID1209:
Travailler avec une équipe agile pour déployer, tester et maintenir le logiciel de support VA-Infra; Maintenir et améliorer les performances des logiciels existants; Participer au cycle de livraison continue d'intégration continue (CICD); Résoudre les problèmes opérationnels de sécurité en temps opportun, gérer les problèmes escaladés et assurer le suivi des éléments en suspens rapidement; Développer des mesures préventives et construire la documentation; Contribuer à la réunion de projet et rendre compte de l'état du problème. Solide expertise en administration système Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu…) et en virtualisation (VMWare et technologies de conteneur…); Solide expertise en solution d'automatisation (Ansible) et connaissance pratique d'Ansible Tower; Connaissance approfondie de Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) et des spécifications matérielles; Connaissance intermédiaire et pratique de la sécurité de l'information et des réseaux (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, pare-feu) dans un environnement moyen ou grand; Connaissance pratique de la programmation/script et des outils de développement (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Connaissance de la gestion des actifs (IPAM) et des technologies de journalisation (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP et certificats connexes sont des atouts, ainsi que bilingue (anglais et français); Work with an agile team to deploy, test, and maintain VA-Infra supporting software; Maintain and improve the performance of existing software; Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle; SME on scanner deployment projects with multiple business units; Resolve security operational problems in timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly; Develop preventive measures and build documentation; Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status. Solid expertise in Linux system admin (CentOS, Ubuntu…) and virtualization (VMWare and container technologies…); Solid expertise in automation solution (Ansible) and working knowledge of Ansible Tower; Deep knowledge of Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) and hardware specs; Intermediate and working knowledge of Information Security and networking (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, Firewall) in medium or large environment; Working knowledge of programming/scripting and the development tools (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Knowledge of asset management (IPAM), and logging techs (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP and related certificates are assets, as well as bilingual (English and French); Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively; Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teams; Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization; Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process; Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment; Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business. 
ScrapedJobID1210:
This will be the first dedicated Cybersecurity person on the IT team – so far they have been relying on vendors/consultants to manage cyber (outsourced SOC, relying on consultants for pen testing and audits, etc) This person will have no team to manage (for now) and will focus on cyber – from policy/governance/compliance to tools (Proofpoint, Crowdstrike, etc), audits, etc This is a great role for someone who wants to come in and 'own’ cybersecurity at the company 7+ years in IT infrastructure positions, escalating to server/network and cyber security position(s) Proven experience with hands-on cybersecurity projects on tools and processes that deal with Siem, Email protection, network protection, endpoint protection, etc Proven experience with cybersecurity strategy items (eg policy, compliance, governance, risk/audit) Experience with vulnerability assessments, TRAs, incident response, patching policies, etc Experience with security frameworks (ISO, COBIT, NIST, etc) Knowledge of network infrastructure and the associated network protocols and concepts. CISSP Certification Ability to commute to Markham part-time Bachelor’s degree in an IT-related discipline is an asset Strong Project Management is an asset Experience with tools like Crowdstrike, Proofpoint, Fortinet is an asset Experience with building security ecosystem from scratch is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1211:
- 5+ years of Security experience - Strong experience (hands-on) with Okta on recent projects in the past 2 years - Strong understanding of IAM and Security Integrations - Experience with logical access controls like LDAP, Active Directory, Server Access Management etc. - Experience with APIs for Security Integration - Some Cloud experience would be highly valuable 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID1212:

ScrapedJobID1213:
Collaborating with peers to execute daily operations and special projects Updating and maintaining network equipment Maintaining and resolving issues on LAN/WAN, VoIP telephone switches, routers, firewall, Wi-Fi, etc. Coordinating with vendors to resolve technical problems with network equipment and software Travel to our different North American locations to implement new technology and infrastructure solutions. Document network configurations, problems, and related resolutions. Support and implement change management strategies. Monitor system performance and implement performance optimization. Work closely with Technology Architects and Systems Analysts to implement, maintain, and support infrastructure and network solutions. Sharing knowledge, discoveries, ideas, challenges, and solutions with peers, Managers, and Executives When necessary, ensure emergency operational support outside office hours. Bilingual – French and English. Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, network administration, system administration or equivalent 3+ years of experience as Network Technician Working knowledge of networking protocols and standards: IP and Ethernet technologies, routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) and service quality parameters (QoS). Experience with structured cabling design and implementations. Knowledge of telecommunication industry in the following areas: LAN, WAN, VPN, IP Telephony, and wireless technology. Knowledge of network technologies in multisite environment. Experience with network monitoring solutions (ex. PRTG) Technical certifications are an asset (Cisco CCNA, ITIL, CISSP, etc.) Knowledge of enterprise security environments. Excellent attention-to-detail and ability to stay organized Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and work under pressure Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong capacity to work with the sense of urgency. Ability to prioritize and multitask. Innovative problem-solver, creativity, and detail-oriented planner. Good sense of adaptability in a diversified environment, working with technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with end-user support and understanding of the internal customer’s perspective. Demonstrate patience and empathy. Creative and proactive approach to network and cyber-security environments. Experience providing network solutions is a manufacturing enterprise is an asset. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) network technician: 3 years (preferred) French (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1214:

ScrapedJobID1215:
Certification: GCP Solution Architect – Associate or GCP SysOps - Associate Worked in a cloud operations / engineering job for significant volume of application deployment in cloud Good knowledge on the cloud technology, different patterns, deployment methods, compatibility of the applications Good understanding and experience in cloud computing based services architecture, technical design and implementations including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Good knowledge on the GCP technologies and associated components and variations GCP VM provisioning/de-provisioning GCP Networking: VPC, VPC Peering/Endpoints, Transit Gateway, subnet, security group GCP Storage: GCS, etc. IAM Roles & Policies Load Balancers, Auto-scaling Knowledgeable about Windows Operating System, Active Directory, Group Policies Knowledgeable about Firewalls Containers, RedHat OpenShift Ability to troubleshoot cloud issues, perform root cause analysis Working knowledge of other architecture disciplines including application, database, infrastructure, and enterprise architecture. Good knowledge on the networking, subnet masking, route tables, routing, access control list, NAT and port address translation Knowledge on the traditional IT infrastructure includes Server Hardware, Virtualization platforms, Clustering Standard Storage, Premium Storage, Blob, Archive Networking basic data base implementation knowledge Basic knowledge on typical application deployment, load balancing Process/ Quality Knowledge: ITIL based service delivery Knowledge on security processes Monday to Friday GCP Cloud Operations Senior Engineer: 8 years (preferred) GCP Solution Architect Certification (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1216:
Taking ownership of critical Major Incidents within the company's environment, coordinating with resolution technology parties, and establishing effective communication. Ensure all Technology services are available as per agreed Service Levels (Availability Management) Leading, driving, facilitating & chairing all investigation activities, meetings, and conference calls. Issue executive or business communications as required and perform key stakeholder management  * Ensure all reports, OKR's and Key documentation is kept up to date. Maintaining high-performance service levels for the core service management processes and implementing improvements where ever necessary Partner with peers globally to achieve the goals of the stable organization. Including but not limited to: o Liaison with Problem Management team to ensure appropriate actions are followed by respective teams to ensure life cycle progression is maintained Liaison with the Change Management team to ensure appropriate scrutiny is brought to bear on all infra-related changes that may affect the stability of the environment as a whole. Participate in leading and helping drive strategic initiatives across the whole of the technology organization. Enable and champion an IT service-oriented culture. Work with Infrastructure and Applications groups to optimize the availability of the IT infrastructure services to deliver stable, high-performing services that deliver tangible benefits to business units. Provide a range of IT availability reporting to ensure that agreed levels of availability, reliability, and maintainability are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. Provide holistic management of availability that includes people, processes, and technology. Take actions to achieve reductions in frequency and duration of incidents that impact IT availability. Taking account of the service delivery performance, meeting the company expectations, and driving the demand Management of escalated complaints and feedback ensuring all are responded to in a professional manner to the satisfaction of IT / business stakeholders. Leading personnel management, including performance assessment, training, and mentoring  * Ensures cohesive, high-quality service is seen by the business by working closely with other IT teams across the enterprise to ensure service continuity. Responsibility for the overall development, continual improvement, and operational delivery of IT services Recommending methods of improvement and seeing that actions are implemented on time for service upgrades Building strong relationships with teams and stakeholders to enable effective dialogue exchange between departments Providing accurate and regular reports to the management on the performance of the service delivery Leading personnel management, including staff recruitment, performance assessment, training, and mentoring Minimum 2+ years of Leadership Experience. Experience working in a Global IT Service Delivery environment is essential. Proficiency in IT service management software including ITIL principles and COBIT. Financial Services Experience a key advantage, highly pressurized environment an essential.  * Infectious enthusiasm for Service Delivery, Major Incident Management, Availability Management Excellent People skills with the ability to act with influence. Outstanding communication skills; able to converse at senior management and engineer level. High-energy, confident professional with an ability to remain calm and take control in a crisis. Open-minded, flexible, and willing to listen to other people’s opinions. Interpersonal skills necessary to effectively communicate over the phone with a variety of individuals and at all technical levels Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1217:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support Using workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identifying areas to create, improve and maintain intellectual property Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio Candidates will hold CCNP Enterprise or Data Center certifications. NetApp NCDA would also be preferred 
ScrapedJobID1218:
Review, analyze and assess business processes, IT operations and systems to determine the existence and state of technical and procedural security controls Review, analyze and assess technical and procedural security controls to determine their compliance status against well-established information security frameworks and standards such as ISO 27001, COBIT, PCI DSS, NIST 800-53, HIPAA, and NERC CIP Review, analyze and assess technical and procedural security controls to determine if they provide privacy assurance in compliance with the requirements of privacy legislation such as GDPR, FIPPA, PIPEDA, and PIPA Suggest measures to improve client IT security related procedures, operations, processes and systems throughout organization to help optimize the budget allocated for information security Create information security policies, architectures and programs to be used by clients of the Company for implementation of information security governance Optimize Mirai Security internal processes for delivery of GRC services to clients Represent Mirai Security, its values, products, and services, faithfully and accurately to potential and current customers Excellent presentation & negotiation skills, with the ability to effectively negotiate with senior stakeholders Client facing professionalism and integrity with excellent written and oral communication skills in Business English In-depth understanding of cyber security, governance, risk and compliance across industry verticals Computer skills, knowledge of collaboration and project management software packages such as Microsoft Office, Microsoft Teams, Teamwork Projects College diploma or university degree in information security or a related field of study 5+ years of GRC experience or security consultant related experience Information security and technology certifications are considered an asset Must live in and legally able to work in Canada Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people setting the new standard for Information Security Can be 100% remote or utilize our Vancouver-area based office as needed Competitive Salary including merit increases Performance bonus Comprehensive benefits package including but not limited to health, dental, vision Continuous learning opportunities and community networking Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we’re proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Bonus pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Are you legally able to work in Canada? GRC: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1219:
Be a subject matter expert on the designated partner’s products, programs and go to market strategies that the team is aligned to and communicate them to CDW sales. Assist Partner and Solution specialists with account mapping and field alignment activities with partners and sales Create sales plans and activities with Business Development Managers to focus them on hunting and driving net new business with their brands Attend customer facing events and/or conference calls to communicate the value add of CDW Facilitate training for the team on their assigned partners, or on competitive technologies to allow them to best represent their solutions to customers and sellers. Develop and execute to quarterly sales plan Complete monthly reporting on team utilization, including sales engagement, pipeline and market trends Cultivate relationships between partner sales team, CDW Sales, & Leadership teams. Act as a liaison between CDW Sales, Integrated Technology, and Product and Partner Management (PPM) to identify opportunities for product, program and partner alignment improvements Understand the market trends impacting the partners the team represents as well as be able to identify and communicate wins/challenges of the business internally and externally Have excellent knowledge of CDW service offerings and the process in which account managers attach them to products Proficient in CDW tools and process such as SPS, AS400, bid desk, returns etc. Develop and track KPIs for all roles in the Specialists organization to help focus the team and achieve CDW and partner goals Support discussion with partners and PPM around investment in CDW coworkers in Specialists team to help drive growth their brand is looking for with CDW Facilitate training for the team on new or critical CDW offers, which includes those for the brands they are assigned and attach items like warranty, services, etc. 2+ years of related experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience Technology product sales or marketing experience Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities/projects, meet deadlines, facilitate change and delegate responsibilities Strong problem-solving skills with demonstrated ability to find solutions Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (specifically Excel including formulas, pivot tables and charts) Ability to communicate effectively and in a constructive manner with management, peers, and coworkers Customer Focus and Service minded Ability to think creatively and come up with proactive ideas that will increase sales Must be able to communicate effectively and in a constructive manner with management, peers and coworkers Proven group presentations skills Motivated and self-starting Team Player and time management 3+ years of experience in vendor management, as brand manager, as partner manager or related experience 
ScrapedJobID1220:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1221:

ScrapedJobID1222:
Comprehensive compensation and benefits package Amazing collaborative culture with little to no turnover, opportunity to work with an amazing group of professionals Always interesting and challenging projects on the go with great work-life balance Work for an excellent boss Planning, scheduling and leading complex audits concurrently, such as information security, IT general controls, systems conversions, and system developments. Designing and conducting analysis of data using automated tools, gathering source file needs, coordinating reconciliation of control totals and preparing data analytics for external auditors, regulators and business partners. Leading audits, coordinating fieldwork, delivering updates to senior management and providing coaching and technical support to the team. Consulting on corporate initiatives and monitoring large projects to provide feedback on risks and best practices based on business process, regulatory and technical knowledge CISA Certification Firm or Industry experience Insurance experience is an asset CPA or CIA is a strong asset 
ScrapedJobID1223:
Coordinate and oversee a set of initiatives which will be executed by several teams. Coordinate overall planning, development, and implementation of activities at a program level to ensure overall achievement of the various activities as required. Define, coordinate, and manage communications to impacted stakeholder groups as required Provide project oversight, including completion of reporting activities related to budget, schedule, and project management processes in accordance with Client's PMO processes. Develop and maintain relationships with business stakeholders to ensure solutions meet requirements while ensuring business services delivery is not impacted. Own project deliverables – ensure all deliverables meet business requirements, are delivered on time, and meet quality standards. Complete status reporting, including preparation of project presentations and updates as defined. 10+ years of experience managing and delivering technology projects. Experience providing and business support for utilities clients. Strong interpersonal skills, ability to work well on projects with business and technical teams Demonstrated strong communication (verbal/written) and presentation skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Infrastructure Technology implementation experience. General cybersecurity technology and solutions knowledge / skills. 
ScrapedJobID1224:

ScrapedJobID1225:
Your primary responsibility will be digital certificate management, securing the connections between bank's mainframes and other services within the enterprise. Communication and teamwork are essential Your secondary responsibility will be regular Analysis and Review of security data and reporting Critical thinking and analytical skills are required Your third responsibility will be ad-hoc SAS scripting in support of reporting and project implementations Proven ability to learn and understand SAS is required Provide leadership for the provision of technical expertise in development and support of activities, processes, procedures and tools for protecting information security specifically for the Mainframe (primarily ACF2 but also RACF Interface with application development teams and other Mainframe Infrastructure teams to understand setup Knowledge of ACF2 (primary) or RACF (secondary) Knowledge of IT standards and procedures Knowledge of process and tools for assuring adherence to standards Thorough knowledge of existing and planned infrastructure security platforms and architecture components Experience in Mainframe technology – 4 years Experience with digital and SSL connections – 2 years Scripting in SAS language – 2 years Strong communication skills Incident Management – Detects and classifies incidents, monitors and tracks through to resolution – 2 years Application Break/Fix – provides 24x7 rotational on-call security support – 4 years Attention to detail and high personal standards for accuracy Strong organizational, follow-up and priority-setting skills to handle multiple tasks/projects independently Adaptability to shifting priorities and tight deadlines with minimal supervision Self-motivated and team-oriented Technical understanding of ACF2 and/or RACF DB2 or SQL Security implementations – managing access and security configuration Unix experience – 1 year 
ScrapedJobID1226:
Contribute to the mitigation and resolution of security incidents. Perform assessments and research on threats, vulnerabilities and risks related to our multi-cloud SaaS cloud environment. Work with the DLP team to identify and activate controls to protect data leaks from web and cloud applications. Develop integration and operationalization procedures. Continuously update the service documentation. Creation and management of usage report / statistics of the various Cloud services. Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, or a related field. A minimum of 5 years of experience in infrastructure operations and projects. A minimum of 3 years of experience with cloud computing services. A minimum of 3 years of experience in the implementation of tools and technologies related to security development operations. In-depth knowledge of operational cybersecurity, data protection techniques and cloud security. With a Cloud Certification (Ex: AWS and / or Azure Solutions Architect) and other certifications related to security like CISSP and SSCP is an asset. Experience in an operations development environment and in maintaining security in continuous integration and delivery pipelines is an asset. Knowledge of the command line interface and / or a programming language, such as Python, PowerShell, Bash, C / C ++ is an asset. Design of Tables, alerts and reports via tools like PowerBI, Splunk is an asset. Team player and good communication skills. Ability to easily present the project to different resources (Technical and non-technical). Sense of leadership, responsibility and responsiveness. Great professional ethics and pragmatic spirit. Strong ability to propose solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1227:
Taking ownership of critical Major Incidents within the company's environment, coordinating with resolution technology parties, and establishing effective communication. Ensure all Technology services are available as per agreed Service Levels (Availability Management) Leading, driving, facilitating & chairing all investigation activities, meetings, and conference calls. Issue executive or business communications as required and perform key stakeholder management  * Ensure all reports, OKR's and Key documentation is kept up to date. Maintaining high-performance service levels for the core service management processes and implementing improvements where ever necessary Partner with peers globally to achieve the goals of the stable organization. Including but not limited to: o Liaison with Problem Management team to ensure appropriate actions are followed by respective teams to ensure life cycle progression is maintained Liaison with the Change Management team to ensure appropriate scrutiny is brought to bear on all infra-related changes that may affect the stability of the environment as a whole. Participate in leading and helping drive strategic initiatives across the whole of the technology organization. Enable and champion an IT service-oriented culture. Work with Infrastructure and Applications groups to optimize the availability of the IT infrastructure services to deliver stable, high-performing services that deliver tangible benefits to business units. Provide a range of IT availability reporting to ensure that agreed levels of availability, reliability, and maintainability are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. Provide holistic management of availability that includes people, processes, and technology. Take actions to achieve reductions in frequency and duration of incidents that impact IT availability. Taking account of the service delivery performance, meeting the company expectations, and driving the demand Management of escalated complaints and feedback ensuring all are responded to in a professional manner to the satisfaction of IT / business stakeholders. Leading personnel management, including performance assessment, training, and mentoring  * Ensures cohesive, high-quality service is seen by the business by working closely with other IT teams across the enterprise to ensure service continuity. Responsibility for the overall development, continual improvement, and operational delivery of IT services Recommending methods of improvement and seeing that actions are implemented on time for service upgrades Building strong relationships with teams and stakeholders to enable effective dialogue exchange between departments Providing accurate and regular reports to the management on the performance of the service delivery Leading personnel management, including staff recruitment, performance assessment, training, and mentoring Minimum 2+ years of Leadership Experience. Experience working in a Global IT Service Delivery environment is essential. Proficiency in IT service management software including ITIL principles and COBIT. Financial Services Experience a key advantage, highly pressurized environment an essential.  * Infectious enthusiasm for Service Delivery, Major Incident Management, Availability Management Excellent People skills with the ability to act with influence. Outstanding communication skills; able to converse at senior management and engineer level. High-energy, confident professional with an ability to remain calm and take control in a crisis. Open-minded, flexible, and willing to listen to other people’s opinions. Interpersonal skills necessary to effectively communicate over the phone with a variety of individuals and at all technical levels Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1228:
Lead the implementation, configuration, and daily operation of Information Security technologies that are implemented in cloud environments and on-premise Manage and support Security technology across various business units for the client Monitor and advise on Information Security compliance related to IT to ensure security controls are functioning appropriately Support the ongoing Security control processes within the enterprise which includes security technologies, networks, information systems, and endpoints both on-premise and in the cloud Influences internal partners to ensure they build solutions consistent with the organization's planned policies, programs, architectural recommendations, and Information Security standards Manage requirements documentation, analyzes opinions, and proposes solutions that leverage resources for highly sophisticated projects Assist in the design and implementation of resilient Information Security architecture and technologies for efficient threat protection, monitoring, and Incident Response Analyzes threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to environment including the identification and resolution of false-positive findings in assessment results, as well as perform compensating controls analysis and validate the efficacy of existing controls Understanding of threat models, impact levels, and the different approaches and methodologies i.e. black/grey/white box testing Develop innovative and secure solutions and provide mentorship for our clients' stakeholders Work with Security and IT stakeholders to implement a risk management program that allows for the identification and remediation of Information Security risks Advise the organization about Information Security threats, technologies, and related regulatory requirements Develop and implement Information Security metrics, measurement criteria, and reporting to ensure compliance and continuous improvement for cloud tools and environments Assesses information technology control elements to mitigate IT risks regarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of business information 5+ years of Security System administration and engineering experience 2+ years of SOC experience, or responding to cybersecurity investigations 2+ years experience with SIEM, DLP, and CASB CCSP, CCSK, CISSP, CISM, ISO 27001/27002 certifications as an asset 2+ years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform capabilities and best practices architectures, Google Compute Platform (GCP) an asset Experience with Splunk, Tripwire, HX, Qradar, McAfee, F5, Imperva, Nexpose, Fortinet, or similar technologies Virtualization and cloud platforms: VMware, Xenserver and KVM, OpenStack, Cloudstack, AWS, GCP Linux and/or Windows administration and troubleshooting experience Programming/scripting experience, preferably with a diversity of languages Proficient in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components such as Apache, IIS, memcache, MySQL, SQL Server, etc. Experience utilizing or implementing the MITRE ATT&CK framework. Experience with UEBA and other Security Analytics Platforms. General Networking skills required (Layer 2 & 3 switches, OSI Model, TCP/IP, SNMP, etc.) Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to communicate with customers, vendors and partners, and across all levels of the organization Ability to interact, develop, engineer, and communicate at the highest technical levels of interpersonal decision-making Excellent oral and written communications for the development of the security program, strategy, guidelines, policies, standards, and for presentations to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels of the organization Ability to build and work with multi-disciplinary teams to achieve goals and to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Works well under pressure and time constraints and can prioritize competing priorities appropriately Strong business and technical acumen. 10% Target Bonus DC Pension (with 4% matching) ESPP (Optional) - with matching up to $3500/yr 3 weeks vacation+ 2 Personal Day + 2 Impact Days (for Charity work) Benefits Start the first day 
ScrapedJobID1229:
Contribuer à l'atténuation et à la résolution d'incidents liés à la sécurité. Réaliser des évaluations et des recherches sur les menaces, la vulnérabilité et les risques liés à notre environnement infonuagique multi-cloud SaaS. Collaborez avec l'équipe DLP pour identifier et activer les contrôles afin de protéger les fuites de données des applications Web et Cloud. Élaborer des procédures d’intégrations et d’opérationnalisations. Mettre à jours en continue la documentation du service. Création et gestion de rapport d’utilisation / statistique des différents services Cloud. Baccalauréat en génie informatique, ou un domaine connexe. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations et projets d'infrastructure. Un minimum de 3 ans d'expérience avec les services infonuagiques. Un minimum de 3 années d'expérience dans la mise en œuvre des outils et de technologies lies aux opérations de développement de la sécurité. Connaissances approfondies de la cybersécurité opérationnelle, des techniques de protection des données et de la sécurité infonuagique. Avec une Certification Cloud (Ex : AWS et/ou Azure Solutions Architect) et autres certifications liées à la sécurité comme CISSP et SSCP est un atout. Expérience en milieu de développement des opérations et en maintien de la sécurité dans les pipelines d'intégration et de livraison continues est un atout. Maitrise de l'interface de ligne de commande et/ou d'une langue de programmation, telle que Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ est un atout. Conception de Tableaux, d’alertes et de rapport via des outils comme PowerBI, Splunk est un atout. Esprit d'équipe et bonnes compétences en communication. Faculté à présenter avec aisance le projet à différentes ressources (Technique et non technique). Sens de leadership, responsabilités et réactivité. Grande éthique professionnelle et esprit pragmatique. Forte capacité à proposer des solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1230:
Résoudre des problèmes complexes en proposant des solutions adaptées à l’ensemble des besoins de vos partenaires d’affaires. Participer à l’analyse et réaliser des demandes de changement dans un environnement AWS. Travailler avec la méthodologie Scrum pour livrer les priorités du secteur. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d'études collégiales (DEC) ou l’équivalent et 3 années d'expérience; ou Baccalauréat et 1 an d'expérience. Expérience en développement Python. Expérience en devops, souhaitable. Expérience avec AWS, souhaitable 
ScrapedJobID1231:
2+ years of demonstrable experience with AWS Guard Duty, Security Hub, WAF/Shield and AWS Config 2+ years of demonstrable experience in architecting secure solutions within AWS 2+ years of experience in AWS log analysis 2+ years of experience with network protocols and packet analysis tooling 2+ years of experience with Python or similar AWS supported scripting language 1+ years experience with securing application deployments in AWS 1+ years experience with Infrastructure as code tooling (Cloudformation, Terraform) 
ScrapedJobID1232:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support Using workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identifying areas to create, improve and maintain intellectual property Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio Candidates will hold CCNP Enterprise or Data Center certifications. NetApp NCDA would also be preferred 
ScrapedJobID1233:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end. Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous avez 5+ ans d'expérience dans divers standards industriels. Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : Opérations de pare-feu tels que les pare-feu Fortinet, Checkpoint et Cisco ASA Web Proxy ou similaire Technologie VPN à distance et de site à site Équilibreurs de charge comme NetScaler et F5 Compréhension générale des normes de sécurité des réseaux Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k - STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage - EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista Vous avez au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux. L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée. Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique. Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents. Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes. Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1234:
Collaborate directly with clients to identify and address their needs through building, maintaining and utilizing solid networks of client relationships and community involvement Understand client's business including IT general and process controls; communicating the value propositions of a broad range of Firm services to the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner and being recognized and respected by clients as a knowledgeable valued professional Facilitate staff as they evaluate internal controls design; identify key risks and controls, develop and or review audit programs, benchmark financial and operational processes and controls as well as perform controls optimization Manage the creation of high quality deliverables to communicate to clients on the status of engagements, key issues and work plans Use available technical resources/tools to research; expand knowledge to enhance work product, significantly contribute to business development efforts to remain up to date on client and firm hot topics while sharing the knowledge amongst the team where applicable Act to resolve issues which prevent effective team working, even during times of change and uncertainty. Coach others and encourage them to take ownership of their development. Develop a perspective on key global trends, including globalisation, and how they impact the firm and our clients Focus on building trusted relationships Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences, developing and coaching diverse teams, and ensuring diverse perspectives are heard Minimum of 6 years of experience within IT General Controls Bachelor's degree in a related business or IT field CPA and/or CISA is an asset Experience in providing assurance services across a range of IT areas including IT General Controls (ITGC) and SOC reporting Experience in advising across a range of IT areas, such as IT governance, IT service management, IT management processes, vendor and contract management, IT capability, assessments, IT support and operational processes, and ISO 27001 certification is an asset Experience with Business process controls is an asset Experience in evaluating current state processes, internal controls and testing methodologies, developing future state designs, and leading implementation of new ways of working Bilingual proficiency in French and English; Fluency in a third language, including, but not limited to, Italian, Mandarin or Hebrew is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1235:
Ownership and leadership of each assigned audit from the initial planning to completion, including detailed and thorough risk assessments and the drafting of audit reports Effectively co-ordinate multiple audits and other projects, including staff scheduling and work allocation as required Create detailed working papers and conduct file reviews ensuring that audit conclusions are supported Evaluate operational processes and identify opportunities for improvement across the organization. Build support for and implement recommendations and business strategies, plans, and best practices. Effective communication of audit findings to the Director Internal Audit, internal stakeholders and to the Audit Committee, as required Mitigate business risks by providing advice and guidance as and when appropriate. Follow up and validate actions taken by management to remediate audit findings to ensure that they are effectively designed and appropriately implemented. Build trusted partnerships with internal clients that encourages proactive engagement of the audit team, allowing for the effective design of governance, risk management and control processes Provide effective updates to the Director on the status of work and issues identified, providing recommended course of action for review and approval Follow up and monitor the implementation of action plans on audit issues Immediate escalation of any observations that may require discussion with senior management Support the alignment of activities between the control functions (i.e. Compliance, Finance, External Auditors) to improve communications and efficiency of audit and risk management activities Support the Director Internal Audit in the development of the annual audit plan (and related updates) for business/corporate units in the assigned audit portfolio Recommends changes to audit processes, methodology, and reporting to improve effectiveness. As required provide audit consultation for all business units and functional areas across the organization with respect to new and ongoing business needs. Monitor changes in external environment and in the AGF’s business, including trends in risk management practices and regulatory expectations Actively participate in the annual Internal Audit methodology and practices reviews, incorporating relevant benchmarks in the identification, analysis and recommendation of continuous improvement opportunities On an interim basis, and as required, represent the Director Internal Audit Assist with quarterly and annual reporting to the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Senior Management Performs advisory engagements, investigations and special projects as assigned 8 or more years of previous audit experience in a regulated financial institution or public accounting firm Undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting or Finance CPA designation is required CIA, CFA designations are an asset Highly developed technical and analytical skills supporting effective decision-making capabilities Strong analytical skills to identify issues, potential risks and root causes, in order to suggest effective improvements. Knowledge of audit methodologies and frameworks, COSO enterprise risk management framework, audit governance concepts, tools, techniques, and best practices Strong organizational capabilities, project planning and management experience is required Strong written, documentation and report writing skills, and oral communication skills are requirements Developed networking skills and ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally A self-motivated professional with an enthusiasm for learning and continuous improvement Ability to work effectively within cross functional teams Knowledge of the investment and wealth management industries, is an asset Experience with TeamMate and data analytical software would be an asset Experience in performing IT and/ or cyber security audits would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1236:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1237:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1238:
Degree/Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 4+ years of Information Security experience, ideally within a software company, adhering to security compliance efforts Technical background in areas such as system infrastructure, SysOps/SecOps, etc. ideally within both Windows and Linux environments Experience with security compliance standards such as SOC2 and/or ISO27001 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1239:
Oversees all aspects of coordination and completion or large scale and complex projects Sets deadlines, assigns responsibilities, and monitor and summarize progress of project Build and maintain working relationships with team members, vendors, and other departments involved in the projects Prepare reports for upper management regarding status of project Familiar with a variety of the Field’s concepts, practices, and procedures Rely on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals Negotiate changes in scope, budget or calendar with Project Owner and/or management Leads and directs the work of others A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected Senior Project Manager with at least 10 years of IT project management experience At least 5 years of hands on Agile project management, Scrum, Azure DevOps, Microsoft Power Bi Strong understanding of IS infrastructure and IS Security including: networking/telephony technology, application/system rationalization, Cyber Security compliance, Network reliability and team efficiency through process transformation, automation and asset management. Knowledge of the following applications would be an asset: Orion, IPAM, Tangoe, NetScout, ServiceNow, SAP Ability to make decisions and recommendations on highly technical or complex issues and without formal guidelines or precedents and exercises resourcefulness and ingenuity to interpret policy 
ScrapedJobID1240:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Heures supplémentaires majorées Non 
ScrapedJobID1241:
Function as a Data Protection subject matter expertise in data protection related areas such as Data Discovery, Data Classification and Tagging, Data Loss Prevention, Data Anonymization, Deletion, Encryption, etc. Understand process and materials related to data discovery, DLP, anonymization and deletion. Knowledge on data protection capabilities offered by cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS and GCP. Project delivery, as required by the scope of specific client engagements, which includes Assessment/Strategy through to the Design, Implementation and Optimisation of data protection, data privacy principles and regulatory environment solutions and products. Engagement management, including project planning, budget management, and resource management. Business development activities throughout the entire opportunity lifecycle, including lead generation, opportunity tracking, pre-sales presentations, technical demos, client & engagement risk assessments, bid management, proposal writing, and contract management. Practice development, including work on delivery methodology, training, and sales and marketing materials. Multitasking on multiple projects and tasks with contending priorities in a fast-paced environment. Working with other Cybersecurity & Privacy teams on non-data protection projects as required. Coach and train new and/or more junior team members to become an integral part of the Data Protection team, Cybersecurity & Privacy Consulting practice and PwC family. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work. A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives. Ability to be recognized as the subject matter specialist in data protection when our client requires. Industry Certifications (CISSP, CIPP, CCSP, PMP, etc.) would be an asset. Experience working on data protection capabilities within Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) would be an asset. Demonstrates experience providing technical guidance for designing, testing, and implementing two or more of the following data protection capabilities:
Data Loss Prevention
Data Discovery
Data Anonymization / Deletion
Data Classification and Tagging
Encryption / Tokenization Data Loss Prevention Data Discovery Data Anonymization / Deletion Data Classification and Tagging Encryption / Tokenization Practical experience with conducting risk assessments and testing of data protection and privacy controls. Industry-specific compliance/regulatory experience (e.g. banking, fintech, life sciences, telecommunications, etc.) is a plus. Solid oral and written communication skills. Be able to present findings and recommendations from security assessments to senior leadership including VPs, CISO, CIO, and other C-Suite stakeholders. Experience working with SIEM solutions, and log-ingestion and analysis for insider threat and CSOC would be an asset. Demonstrates capability to interact with end users to understand and document business and functional requirements, and drive technical tasks across the implementation and operationalization of data protection solutions. Ability to architect, implement and integrate solutions that provide various data protection capabilities for enterprises. 
ScrapedJobID1242:
Au moins trois (3) années d’expérience sur des missions de cybersécurité; À l’aise sur la majorité des domaines de la cybersécurité, compréhension des fondements et capacité d'expliquer simplement afin de livrer la qualité attendue; Maîtrise de la gestion de projets informatiques et capacité de mener à bien, lorsque nécessaire, l’ensemble des phases de projet (ex. : planification, suivi, déploiement, gestion du changement, etc.); Maîtrise des outils MS Office, tant en ce qui concerne l'outil en soi, mais aussi pour la qualité des livrables; Une ou plusieurs expériences parmi les domaines suivants :

Gestion de projets et/ou analyse d'affaires dans un contexte de cybersécurité;
Propriétaire de produit (Product Owner) d’un produit de cybersécurité;
Confidentialité des données (data privacy);
Architecture de cybersécurité;
Conformité et gouvernance du risque cyber;
Conduite d’audits de cybersécurité;
Conduite de recherches de vulnérabilités et de tests d’intrusion. Gestion de projets et/ou analyse d'affaires dans un contexte de cybersécurité; Propriétaire de produit (Product Owner) d’un produit de cybersécurité; Confidentialité des données (data privacy); Architecture de cybersécurité; Conformité et gouvernance du risque cyber; Conduite d’audits de cybersécurité; Conduite de recherches de vulnérabilités et de tests d’intrusion. Certifications constituant un atout :
SSCP, CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, CISA, ISO 2700x;
 (ex : CompTIA S+, CyberArk, Splunk, Azure, AWS …). SSCP, CISSP, CSSLP, CISM, CISA, ISO 2700x; (ex : CompTIA S+, CyberArk, Splunk, Azure, AWS …). Excellentes capacités de communication orale et écrite en français et en anglais. Niveau espéré :
Français : 4/4
Anglais : 4/4
34495 #LI-Remote Français : 4/4 Anglais : 4/4
34495 #LI-Remote Horaire de travail de 37.5h/semaine; Opportunité de développer votre plan de carrière; Diversité de technologies, de projets, de clients et de secteurs; Environnement propice à la création et à l’innovation; Partage de connaissances avec une équipe agile et expérimentée; Harmonie entre la vie professionnelle et personnelle; Accès à de la formation continue (à l’interne, conférences, événements, cours, certifications, etc.); Reconnaissance de tous les employés et de leur apport personnel; Grande diversité culturelle au sein de l’ensemble de nos équipes. 
ScrapedJobID1243:
Manage the network and communications hardware including routers, switches, firewalls, servers and VPN’s Develop and maintain security protocols for information systems such as ERP, web services and LMS Ensure that cybersecurity systems, controls and procedures are operating effectively to manage vulnerabilities such as disaster recovery, and provide continuous protection from external and internal parties Prepare and maintain system documentation, progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, technical training materials, and presentations Warranty, break fixes and installation services, including emergency response to server issues Remote and on-site technical support/troubleshoot for Mac, PCs, Servers, Network, and IT Infrastructure environment Maintain network and server hardware and Microsoft windows software platforms (Active Directory, email, firewalls - patch management, OS upgrades and firmware updates). Configure, deploy, support and maintain Windows Servers, PCs, Routers and VM. Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or another similar degree Speaks of English & Mandarin (must) MCSA, MCSE (preferred) ITIL Certification (preferred) 2-3 years of experience supporting servers, desktops, networks and peripheral hardware Experience supporting client applications such as Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Sophos firewall Considerable knowledge and working experience with the characteristics and capabilities of Microsoft Active Directory, Windows Server, Microsoft Exchange, Office 365 Demonstrate experience with IT metrics Experience in managing technology vendor relationships Excellent negotiation and presentation skills Strong knowledge of cybersecurity best practices both on premise and cloud-based storage Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) supporting servers: 2 years (preferred) English and Mandarin (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1244:
Process Management: you will collaborate across the Business Unit to develop processes and standards; implements new or revised processes/standards; monitors for compliance; and facilitates continuous improvement to ensure quality and efficiency, improve accountability and practices for internal control and oversight. You will ensure project delivery, intake, vendor and contracts management, and operational work adheres to documented and approved policies, processes, and procedures. Business Planning and Reporting: You will support the Innovation team in building its business plan; monitors progress against the plan; and reviews early drafts for holistic alignment to BU strategies and objectives. Internal Compliance Auditing: You will perform targeted audits within Innovation to ensure compliance with processes and standards. Report findings to the Manager, Controls and Governance, along with recommendations for changes in current practices and processes as required. Innovation Vendor Management: You will supports Innovation leaders and/or project leads during vendor engagement initiation and contract management; the degree of support will depend on your comfort level and familiarity with the process, and can range from a general check for completeness to full guidance and review. You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or equivalent of education and experience You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant work experience in technology teams supporting projects in the project manager and/or business analyst capacity. You are familiar with MS Office tools, including Visio and Project. Certification/training such as ITIL, PMP, OCM is a strong asset. You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID1245:
Manage information technology and computer systems Manage IT staff by recruiting, training, coaching employees, and performance management Offer expertise in Office 365, Office 365 Administration and MS Suite of desktop applications Provides leadership and support in maintaining key organizational platforms - Office 365, SharePoint, Dynamics GP, Tessitura, Ceridian, MyPOS, Honeywell Control Systems Develop and implement long and short-range implementation plans for IT strategy that meets Science North’s business expectations and culture, leveraging visitor data, as well as IT governance, stability, security, compliance and privacy goals Serve as Science North’s Subject Matter Expert for IT Strategy projects including Cloud Migration, IT mapping, IT Technical upgrades, Customer Experience and Data collection, as well as the integration of Science North’s Ticketing, CRM, Point of Sale systems and Facilities and Security software Offer knowledge and experience with Cisco IP telephony systems, including implementation, integration, support, knowledge and experience with maintaining Video Conferencing hardware and software Oversee and determine time frames for major IT projects including system updates, upgrades, and migrations Budget, Schedule, Scope, Quality and Risk Accountability Project documentation (Project Management Plan(s), Project Schedule, Risk/Issues/Change Tracking, etc.) Customer and supplier relations Negotiation and procurement Communication portal Project status meetings, reports, and work product review Formal project In Progress Reports (IPR) Contractor performance, work standards, work schedules, and quality of all work products and services Analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions Responsible for maintaining regular checks on network and data security Identify and act on opportunities to improve and update software and systems Develop and deliver training programs and workshops for staff Conduct regular system audits Manage and report on IT budgets Provide direction for IT team members Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, engineering or relevant field Minimum 10 years’ experience in information technology and data management, ie solutions architect, IT Management, data administration and management processes Documented expertise in Cloud and Application Migration initiatives IT Project Management and leadership skills Strong analytical, facilitation and problem solving skills Comfortable speaking and presenting to senior leadership stakeholders Hands-on involvement in delivering or producing IT policies and procedures Experience managing technical teams and building cohesive team environments Documentation and communication experience Organized, structured, able to plan and manage own workload and multiple priorities Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to think strategically and execute tactically, enabling cross-functional business teams Ability work in fast-paced environment while following best practices and company processes Self-motivated, proactive, and driven team-player attitude Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Information Technology: 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1246:
Agir en tant qu'expert en matière d'application ou de programme de sécurité auprès des unités commerciales, le support technique et les fournisseurs de sécurité, en signalant et en coordonnant la résolution des demandes d'amélioration, et les problèmes, et faciliter la recherche de produits; Servir de contact pour une assistance et un soutien aux utilisateurs en temps réel pour la sécurité de l'information; Répondre aux demandes écrites et verbales des employés et/ou des départements/branches concernés. départements/branches concernés; Examiner les journaux et les rapports des systèmes de sécurité et se tenir informé des violations des politiques de sécurité ou des infractions aux systèmes de sécurité. des politiques de sécurité ou des violations des systèmes de sécurité, en signalant rapidement toute anomalie importante au directeur. signaler rapidement toute anomalie importante au responsable; Coordonner l'examen et la validation de l'accès des utilisateurs aux applications et aux réseaux.; Créer et maintenir les références techniques appropriées et le développement; Créer et maintenir les références techniques appropriées et le développement, l'assurance qualité et le contrôle des changements à l'appui des intérêts de la sécurité de l'information; Faire des recommandations sur les procédures de bureau du département et documenter les procédures pour les nouveaux processus; Aide à l'évaluation et à la mise en œuvre de nouveaux produits, services ou méthodologies de sécurité des données, produits, services ou méthodologies de sécurité des données; Traiter les demandes d'accès aux systèmes de sécurité afin de refléter l'administration des utilisateurs et des ressources autorisés; Résoudre les problèmes remontés dans le traitement des demandes d'accès; Fournir à la direction des rapports sur les paramètres, les problèmes et/ou les risques liés au programme ou au projet; Diriger des projets liés aux systèmes et programmes de sécurité assignés; Effectuer d'autres tâches selon les besoins. Posséder un baccalauréat de préférence; Avoir un diplôme d'études secondaires est obligatoire; Détenir une connaissance avancée du domaine d'activité généralement obtenue par une formation supérieure combinée à une expérience pertinente; Posséder une expérience préalable pertinente d'au moins (5) cinq ans; Avoir une connaissance pratique de la gestion de projet. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1247:
Analyser les données pour détecter les tendances, faire des recommandations et fournir des rapports Diriger les activités visant à évaluer l’adhésion aux processus de sécurité de l’information Repérer les occasions d’amélioration des processus et faire des recommandations sur les pratiques exemplaires Servir de point d’escalade et de mentor pour le personnel moins chevronné Contribuer à la documentation des processus et aider à la maintenir Développer des procédures de travail sécuritaire; déterminer et suggérer des améliorations possibles à apporter aux procédures Collaborer avec la direction pour déterminer les paramètres de sécurité de l’information et diriger la collecte de ceux-ci Se tenir au courant des nouvelles et des tendances en matière de sécurité de l’information Créer, exécuter et améliorer les processus et procédures dans des domaines tels que la gestion des identités et des accès, la création et la gestion des politiques, des normes et des contrôles de sécurité, la gestion de la conformité, la gestion des risques, la formation, l’évaluation des vulnérabilités et les mesures correctives Soutenir les services GIA en mettant en place des dispositions d’accès complexes, en effectuant des révisions d’accès, en créant des rôles et en fournissant de l’assistance aux utilisateurs finaux Réaliser la gestion du cycle de vie des comptes et l’intégration des applications dans les services GIA, la mise en place des dispositions, la gouvernance d’accès, la création d’accès basés sur les rôles, la gouvernance d’accès privilégiés, ainsi que l’assistance aux utilisateurs finaux pour les problèmes liés aux services GIA Résoudre des problèmes complexes et interdépendants qui couvrent les technologies, les unités d’affaires et les services GIA, tels que la gestion des rôles, la mise en place de dispositions automatisées, la gouvernance GIA, la réception de nouveaux travaux, la conception et l’optimisation des processus Participer en tant que membre d’équipes interfonctionnelles à la résolution de problèmes complexes liés aux services GIA, à la création et à l’optimisation des processus, ainsi qu’à la mise en œuvre de nouveaux services et technologies Répondre à des demandes complexes de services, d’accès et d’information en matière de sécurité de l’information Rédiger et comprendre les politiques, normes et procédures de sécurité Appliquer les normes de conformité aux règlements et donner des conseils sur les questions de conformité et les solutions Collaborer avec les principales parties prenantes pour élaborer ou mettre à jour les documents relatifs à la sécurité de l’information, tels que les politiques, les normes, les procédures et les formations Créer et optimiser les cadres et les outils et diriger les évaluations des processus d’application et d’affaires pour aider Lowe’s Canada à intégrer les services de sécurité Travailler avec l’équipe TI et l’entreprise pour résoudre les problèmes d’accès Baccalauréat en informatique, en science informatique, en ingénierie, en administration des affaires, en cybersécurité ou dans un domaine connexe (ou encore expérience de travail équivalente dans un domaine connexe) Au moins 4 années d’expérience en sécurité de l’information Compréhension intermédiaire des concepts fondamentaux de sécurité et de réseau (sécurité Windows et Unix) : verrouillage du système d’exploitation; journalisation et surveillance; sécurité des applications; accès des utilisateurs; principes de protection du périmètre; règles de communication du réseau; méthodes de détection et d’analyse des intrusions; etc.) Expérience dans la mise en œuvre et l’exploitation de la technologie GIA (p. ex., CA, SailPoint, OKTA, SSO, MFA, IGA, Microsoft AD) (propre aux rôles de gestion des identités et des accès) Bilinguisme parlé et écrit (français et anglais) Expérience en TI dans le secteur du commerce de détail (un atout) Certifications pertinentes dans le domaine de la sécurité de l’information (p. ex., CISSP, CRISC, CISA ou autres) Approche axée sur le service à la clientèle Compétences en analyse et résolution de problèmes Communication efficace Excellentes compétences techniques Expérience dans la sécurité des réseaux et de l’internet Capacité de cueillir et d’analyser des données Aisance dans l’analyse des processus d’affaires Compétences en formation et en présentation Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Starbucks et Tim Hortons Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de Lowe’s Canada) Des avantages sociaux : régime de retraite, primes annuelles, régime d’achat d’actions, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc. Des horaires flexibles et du télétravail Bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques Possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté Et plus encore! 
ScrapedJobID1248:
You have 8+ years of full software development lifecycle experience and still have a curiosity and malleability to learn new things (we are not tied to just one tech stack at Benevity) You have deep expertise in all aspects of software development and distributed systems. You are proficient in cloud-based architecture and automated release pipelines You value an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design You are happy to get fast feedback and are on board with trunk-based development, behaviour-driven development, and understanding how users use what you have built You take pride in quality and have multiple approaches towards testing Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems You are the go to person for consultation for design and thinking for work being contemplated or built as part of the product roadmap. You take responsibility for the technical vision and implementation You are aware of industry trends in secure coding practices and a strong advocate for continual improvement You are highly organized and able to coordinate multiple complex projects You practice effective communication and understand how to satisfy the needs of a variety of stakeholders You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading developers and helping them develop their technical skills and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You embrace the need for continual innovation to create better products and services You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience Familiarity with REST APIs and microservices Strong skills in Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Single Sign-On (SSO) Hands-on experience in Java, Python or PHP development Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities Experience with Laravel or Springboot Experience with continuous integration / continuous deployment Experience working in an agile environment AWS-specific experience would be highly desirable 
ScrapedJobID1249:
Solve complex problems by proposing solutions adapted to all the needs of your business partners. Participate in the analysis and carry out change requests in an AWS environment. Work with the Scrum methodology to deliver sector priorities. Hold a college diploma (DEC) or equivalent and 3 years of experience; or Baccalaureate and 1 year of experience. Experience in Python development. Experience in devops, desirable. Experience with AWS, desirable 
ScrapedJobID1250:
Gérer l'acquisition de relations informatiques pour l'entreprise. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec la communauté des investisseurs pour définir et synthétiser les domaines d'intérêt, Diriger les négociations contractuelles et commerciales, et gérer la logistique pour la technologie à l'échelle mondiale. Communiquer avec les parties prenantes internes pour déterminer les spécifications et les exigences des produits et services Gérer les initiatives d'acquisition et de sourcing pour le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure informatique Être responsable du suivi et des rapports d'analyse financière des transactions en attente. identifier et évaluer les stratégies technologiques et les feuilles de route pour faciliter un solide pipeline stratégique de sourçage Manage the acquisition of IT relationships for the firm. Work closely with the investment community to define and synthesize areas of interest, Lead contract and commercial negotiations, and manage logistics for Technology globally. Communicate with internal stakeholders to determine specifications and requirements for products and services Manage the acquisition and sourcing initiatives for hardware, software, and IT infrastructure Be responsible for track and reporting financial analysis of pending transactions. Identify and evaluate technology strategies and roadmaps to facilitate a robust strategic sourcing pipeline 
ScrapedJobID1251:

ScrapedJobID1252:
Support managing Key management platforms Support managing and Operating information security’s vulnerability management program in an effective manner, to reduce operational risks within Digital Work on vulnerability management process with ability to identify and improve efficiency in operations. Supporting the certificate management process Support the assessment and alignment to IT Controls under Digital ownership as well as contribute to improvement and further development of controls Support crypto key consumers in a decentralized model across multiple time zones. Support PKI operations Develop capabilities & solutions that deliver against our Cyber Security strategy. Support managing Security and Vulnerability remediation as they relate to cryptographic key elements Able to influence, innovate and drive Cyber Security standard methodologies. Support application teams with production incident resolution and provide inputs for partner management. Define and manage product roadmap. Identify gaps, suggest best practices to improve security posture within Digital. Researching of emerging threats to gain insight and understanding of the evolving threat landscape and its impact to the organization 8+ years’ experience working in an enterprise IT environment. Strategic problem solver, self-starter, positive outlook, collaborative, persistence in face of challenges, with a passion for Cyber Security. Active information security certification, such as CISSP, OSCP, etc. Outstanding technical skills, knowledge of network protocols and network communication principles, understanding of vulnerabilities and remediation techniques. Experience with crafting detailed technical documentations for security solutions and operating efficiency process. Experience with Endpoint security technologies like Cisco AMP, Tanium, Microsoft Defender ATP, McAfee, etc. Experience with Network security technologies like Akamai, Cisco IPS, Checkpoint, Symantec Web Security, etc. Background in information security operations and threat and vulnerability management Exhibits strong analytical and conceptual thinking Ability to demonstrate dedication to the company and its internal & external customers. Work & collaborate with a distributed team Experienced with both Kanban, Scrum and working in an Agile organization. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Continuous improvement mindset. Professional and courteous in all interactions. University Degree in Computer Science or IT equivalent. Insurance industry specific background would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1253:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1254:
Manage, implement & maintain high-level IT and Communications systems, including- Data Applications Computing Hardware Network Infrastructure Telecommunications Radio Communications Support Equipment Mining specialization systems Work on protecting data against loss or harm Work on Cyber security of all IT & Comms systems Work on data protection and privacy Minimize the disruption of system and work on improving the availability Support all users in using the IT systems Research and promote new technology initiatives and opportunities Work with suppliers and partners to support systems Coordinate activities in various projects support and technical requests Share knowledge of IT and Mine Operation Systems through documentation and peer communication. Build the knowledge of new and changing IT & Comms systems Attend Training courses as may be required Work towards achieving and delivering goals and objectives Maintain a safe, clean and organized work space Work with facilities and equipment in indoor, outdoor, and industrial environments Be available to work in other BC locations on IT and Comms services, if necessary Complete other relevant tasks, if necessary, under the guidance of the IT management Offer recommendations and observations for improving IT Services and systems Comply with the rules and regulations of the Mount Milligan and Centerra Gold Combination of education and certifications Expertise in at least two industry specialties Highly comfortable in interacting with others, of varying personalities, in person, on the phone and through using remote tools Capable of providing extended hours when required to meet deadlines Able to prioritize and work effectively while being adaptable and open to constant priority changes Calm and collected disposition in complex high pressure business situations Work effectively independently and in a team environment with a positive attitude Focus on safety and continuous improvement Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Valid Driver's license 
ScrapedJobID1255:
Handling the response and escalation of events that have been identified through various sources and security technologies and controls as well as our internal Help Desk notifications of security type events, Investigate data loss type incidents, network intrusion incidents as well as endpoint malware infections including Ransomware type attacks, Managing response to alerts from various monitoring systems and platforms to address potentially malicious events in a timely manner, Providing user support and troubleshooting security technology related incidents. 5+ years of broad Cyber Security Experience, of which minimum 1 years should be as a Sr. Security Analyst or similar role Bachelor’s degree in Computer science, Computer Engineering or equivalent. Accumulated Knowledge and hands-on experience of
AD, OU, GPO, ADFS, Azure AD, MFA
Azure Cloud Application Security, Microsoft Defender (for Identify, Endpoint, O365 and Cloud App Security), Conditional Access Control, InTune, MAM
Exchange online Protection, mail flow rules, SPF, DKIM, DMARC
SEIM (MSSP, TIBCO LogLogic), Audit log, incident response and investigations
IDS/IPS, Symantec Endpoint Protection AD, OU, GPO, ADFS, Azure AD, MFA Azure Cloud Application Security, Microsoft Defender (for Identify, Endpoint, O365 and Cloud App Security), Conditional Access Control, InTune, MAM Exchange online Protection, mail flow rules, SPF, DKIM, DMARC SEIM (MSSP, TIBCO LogLogic), Audit log, incident response and investigations IDS/IPS, Symantec Endpoint Protection Capable of work independently or as member of a team on
Responding, investigating, and escalating alerted events and incidents from various security technologies
Maintaining continuous monitoring of network and end point activities, Responding, investigating, and escalating alerted events and incidents from various security technologies Maintaining continuous monitoring of network and end point activities, Certifications desired are: CISSP, GIAC Forensics, Incident Handling are all assets but not mandatory High level of personal integrity, as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters, and show an appropriate level of judgment and maturity Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to effectively communicate and interpret infrastructure and data security, as well as risk remediation concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences Excellent analytical skills, the ability to work well in demanding, dynamic environment and meet overall infrastructure and data protection objectives Strong understanding of cyber security concepts, protocols, industry best practices, strategies, frameworks, and regulations such as NIST Cybersecurity Framework High degree of initiative, dependability, and ability to work with little supervision Bringing clarity and focus to your work; Taking ownership and doing what you say you will; Remaining flexible; Collaborating with others; 
ScrapedJobID1256:
Creation and ongoing maintenance of the Identity & Access Management (IAM) framework including policies and processes relating to the onboarding and offboarding of employees, creation of user profiles, assignment of role-based access to resources, application access provisioning. Development of policies, processes, and technologies to ensure privileged access for sensitive information is enforced, maintained, and audited. Implementation and operationalization of technologies and processes to support enhanced authentication mechanisms including but not limited to; Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), Single-Sign On (SSO) authentication, hardware-based token access, remote access, and Virtual Private Network (VPN) solutions. As part of the Security Services team, you will provide guidance on the implementation and best practice related to Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting (AAA) protocols including RADIUS, TACACS+, Kerberos, directory services protocols such as LDAP, and identity/service provider exchange standards such as ADFS and SAML. Act as a liaison and facilitate workshops with business unit stakeholders to identify and understand information access and authentication requirements. Development of reports and accurate metrics to communicate the operational status of IAM operations to the Chief Information Security Officer. Providing recommendations for the implementation of security controls defined in the Cloud Security Alliance Cloud Controls Matrix to all applicable third-party service providers and NIST Digital Identity Guidelines for the ongoing management of the access provisioning lifecycle and password security. College diploma in the field of Computing Science with a minimum of 5 years related information security experience. Desired: (ISC)2 Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Strong familiarity with information security control frameworks and standards including ISO 27001, COBIT, NIST Cyber Security Framework, Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS). Knowledge of privacy and information security related legislation. Applicable experience with information security technologies including identity platforms (e.g. Active Directory), identity providers, Privileged Access Management (PAM) systems, multi-factor technologies such as RSA, Microsoft Authenticator, U2F and FIDO2 (e.g. YubiKey), and enterprise password managers. Experience with enterprise technology infrastructure, access security, remote access solutions, data and information security, and information systems auditing. Familiarity with the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) IT service management framework. Experience within the financial services industry is an asset. Exceptional written, verbal, listening, and interpersonal skills. Ability to use critical judgement to make decisions and solve problems involving various levels of complexity, ambiguity, and risk. Good analytical skills and a strong attention to detail. Ability to work in a collaborative team environment. Ability to work independently. Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language. P osition closes at 12:01am on the close date identified below. 
ScrapedJobID1257:
Effectively manage a team of Security Operations staff in delivering Cloud Native Security Services to clients. Engage with clients throughout the lifecycle of the project to provide consulting for services, processes and policies and ensure compliance of objectives as defined in SLAs. Establish and sustain long-term relationships with top decision makers at key clients. Ensure compliance of all procedures with the Change Management Process put up in place. Demonstrate effective project management skills. Must be able to proactively drive and manage multiple tasks and timelines independently and as a team. Knowledge of and experience with current and emerging cloud native security platforms. Thorough understanding of M365/Azure Cloud Native Services such as MCAS, O365 DLP, ATP, Defender, Sentinel, etc. Knowledge and experience in M365/Azure domains – Compliance, Identity and Access, Threat and Vulnerability, Network and Application security. Ability to work with L1/L2 team to build in ability to rapidly detect, contain, investigate, remediate, and recover from security incidents. Ability to prioritize and escalate risks to the senior leadership based on the procedures put up in place. Proven ability to review and comment on complex contracts and to provide direction on the risk involved and how to mitigate the risk as well as providing strategic direction to both internal resources and external clients and to have direct contract negotiation experience. Ensure project objectives are met within the given deadlines and threats are remediated according to their severity levels. Must be able to work effectively at a management level – i.e., establish credibility and authority with Firm leadership and client counterparts and work collaboratively to achieve quality objectives. Effectively communicate to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including developers, technical leads, peer architects, delivery owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc. Prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time. Technical degree: Computer Science or related. Five or more years of relevant experience in a related role with at least 2 years at the management level and managing a team. Two or more years in designing and implementing Cloud Security Solutions. One or more years of experience using any CSPM solution. Azure Solutions Architect Expert Azure Security Engineer Associate M365 Certified: Security Administrator Associate M365 Certified: Enterprise Administrator Expert CISSP CCSP You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1258:
Resiliency Strategy and Vision for the “always on” model Organization resiliency for keeping pace with organization changes Process resiliency for orchestration and business process availability Application resiliency for the “active-active” uptime of systems Data resiliency for the protection and availability of corporate data IT Infra resiliency for recovery, BC, DR, HA Facility resiliency for prime and alternative work areas and will be inspired by the opportunity to work in a team to develop new processes and technologies to overcome these challenges. assesss risks to identify unacceptable physical threats, potential problem areas, or risks that could impact business operations, and to define preventive actions (not only remedies) or risk transfer alternatives identify business impacts to define the financial and operational impact of a disaster, to quantify requirements for recovery time frames and data integrity, and to prioritize the recovery sequence of business functions develop resiliency strategy and roadmap to define feasible recovery alternatives for an organization and to identify the optimum recovery strategy based on a cost/benefit analysis, addressing each major component in your environment: Workplace, Call Center (voice/telephony), Network, and DataCenter develop business continuity and resiliency plans to describe the tasks that users have to execute to respond to a disaster situation and to be able to perform vital business functions for return to normal operations and/or to create a comprehensive guideline for managing a disaster which affects the organization’s IT environment, telephony, and facilities to respond to a disaster situation 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform designApplied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Cyber Security resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution 
ScrapedJobID1259:

ScrapedJobID1260:
Customer focused relationship management, maintaining strong and effective working relationships with IT Infrastructure, Operational Business Units, External/Internal Audit, Risk & Compliance, Privacy and Legal departments Provide cyber advisory & consultation services to support the secure design and implementation of technology solutions, and support the ongoing security assurance of Loblaw IT systems and initiatives Interpret business and technology requirements, review architecture diagrams and solution designs to identify potential security concerns and provide sound recommendations for risk remediation/management Work with various multi-functional departments to help foster a culture of Security Awareness, accountability/consistency to Enterprise Security Policies & Standards Stay abreast of and advise the organization on current cyber security threats, emerging technologies and risk, and related compliance/regulatory requirements You have, or are in the process of obtaining at least one of the following industry security certifications: CISSP, CRISC, CCSP, CSSLP, CISA Demonstrated, expert-level experience in Cyber Security, with extensive focus in cyber risk management consulting/advisory type roles Energy and passion for driving high quality work and an aptitude for taking the initiative to provide innovative solutions A collaborative nature, working with diverse teams, from business leaders to individual contributors and the ability to influence with a sense of urgency, accountability, and ownership Demonstrated deep technical written and verbal communication skills with the ability to clearly articulate ideas in a concise manner while tailoring your messaging for varying audiences Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1261:

ScrapedJobID1262:
Oversee network and telephony support and incident resolution for local and wireless area network. Manage the inflow of network service orders, incidents, and requests. Ensure adequate network documentation is in place and updated. Continually strive to reduce customer-impacting outages/degradation. Manage all upgrade projects with respect to the network. Streamline processes and continuously improve team efficiency and how we provide service to our internal customers. Manage network configuration changes, replacements, and upgrades. Manage vendor relationships as it depends on daily operational needs. Manage process for communicating outage/emergency activities to the organization. PO review and approval/budgeting responsibility. Review survey feedback to improve services, tools, and support experience. Keep confidential all applicant, client, and verification and company proprietary information. Responsible for all system services and server infrastructure at the main data center and all branches Manage entire Application Life Cycle: Dev/Test/Prod environments and Release Management. Manage requests, incidents, and problems pertaining to Servers, Networks, (WAN, LAN, Wireless) Translate business requirements into IT projects. Work within a team to provide the highest level of service to Armstrong users. Plans projects, develops schedules, and estimate costs. Keep managers and users informed, conducts meetings, delivers presentations, and writes reports and documentation. Document business profiles, review business processes, select hardware and software packages, design information systems. Research emerging technologies to decide if installing them can increase the organization’s efficiency and effectiveness. Prepare costs and benefits analysis and present recommendations to senior leadership. Design and develop new systems by choosing and configuring hardware and software. Manage the deployment and configuration of new systems to customize for the organization. Train the system’s end-users. In coordination with the user support teams, develop and mature phone/ticket escalation processes to ensure free flowing escalation and information within the organization. Train, coach, and mentor a global Network, and Infrastructure System Services team including career development. Oversee staff activities and make recommendations for promotion, educational advancement and certifications, salary adjustments, and hiring/dismissal of employees and contractors. Provide data and reporting of KPIs and trends to IT department and others in ad-hoc, weekly, monthly, and as needed. Develop an effective and workable framework for managing and improving customer IT support in the organization. Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering/Computer Science/Software Engineering/Electrical Engineering/Information Systems, or an equivalent combination of relevant education and experience. A minimum of eight (8) years in IT infrastructure support. Experience in network design and administration, data center operations, database administration, and systems programming and administration, deployment, systems lifecycle management, and infrastructure planning and operations. Demonstrated experience in roles requiring confidentiality, timeliness, customer service, organization, prioritization, troubleshooting, and working independently. Relevant training and certification such as HDI Support Center Manager, ITIL certification, or other service center or service management training. Working knowledge of computer hardware including desktop and network servers, information security, and awareness of capabilities or limitations of various configurations. Experience deploying and managing Virtualization, Classroom Technologies, Cloud Computing, Mobile Workforce, Networking, SAN, and Disaster Recovery. Good written, verbal communication, and listening skills. Creative problem-solving skills, conflict management within different organizations (centralized and matrix organizational structures) Ability to break down complex problems in a simplified way, conduct root cause analysis and provide clear, well thought-out recommendations. Strong, team-oriented leadership skills with presence and a bias for action. Self-directed with ability to work autonomously and collaboratively and a focus on results. Ability to communicate in an open and authentic manner in all situations. 
ScrapedJobID1263:
Taking ownership of critical Major Incidents within the company's environment, coordinating with resolution technology parties, and establishing effective communication. Ensure all Technology services are available as per agreed Service Levels (Availability Management) Leading, driving, facilitating & chairing all investigation activities, meetings, and conference calls. Issue executive or business communications as required and perform key stakeholder management  * Ensure all reports, OKR's and Key documentation is kept up to date. Maintaining high-performance service levels for the core service management processes and implementing improvements where ever necessary Partner with peers globally to achieve the goals of the stable organization. Including but not limited to: o Liaison with Problem Management team to ensure appropriate actions are followed by respective teams to ensure life cycle progression is maintained Liaison with the Change Management team to ensure appropriate scrutiny is brought to bear on all infra-related changes that may affect the stability of the environment as a whole. Participate in leading and helping drive strategic initiatives across the whole of the technology organization. Enable and champion an IT service-oriented culture. Work with Infrastructure and Applications groups to optimize the availability of the IT infrastructure services to deliver stable, high-performing services that deliver tangible benefits to business units. Provide a range of IT availability reporting to ensure that agreed levels of availability, reliability, and maintainability are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. Provide holistic management of availability that includes people, processes, and technology. Take actions to achieve reductions in frequency and duration of incidents that impact IT availability. Taking account of the service delivery performance, meeting the company expectations, and driving the demand Management of escalated complaints and feedback ensuring all are responded to in a professional manner to the satisfaction of IT / business stakeholders. Leading personnel management, including performance assessment, training, and mentoring  * Ensures cohesive, high-quality service is seen by the business by working closely with other IT teams across the enterprise to ensure service continuity. Responsibility for the overall development, continual improvement, and operational delivery of IT services Recommending methods of improvement and seeing that actions are implemented on time for service upgrades Building strong relationships with teams and stakeholders to enable effective dialogue exchange between departments Providing accurate and regular reports to the management on the performance of the service delivery Leading personnel management, including staff recruitment, performance assessment, training, and mentoring Minimum 2+ years of Leadership Experience. Experience working in a Global IT Service Delivery environment is essential. Proficiency in IT service management software including ITIL principles and COBIT. Financial Services Experience a key advantage, highly pressurized environment an essential.  * Infectious enthusiasm for Service Delivery, Major Incident Management, Availability Management Excellent People skills with the ability to act with influence. Outstanding communication skills; able to converse at senior management and engineer level. High-energy, confident professional with an ability to remain calm and take control in a crisis. Open-minded, flexible, and willing to listen to other people’s opinions. Interpersonal skills necessary to effectively communicate over the phone with a variety of individuals and at all technical levels Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1264:
Ensures achievement of service oriented roadmap objectives – including service availability, security, and compliance. Researches market needs and articulates findings in the form of prioritized DevOps requirements. Plays proactive role to ensure the service remains competitive and differentiated. Represents the service as service Product Manager externally to customers as well as internally within the company. Involves throughout the lifecycle, working closely with service operations and DevOps teams from initiation to delivery to eventual retirement. Crystallize market needs, and translate into service requirements, including for security, privacy, data sovereignty, compliance, coverage, availability, monitoring, and capacity. Define credible service roadmaps for customers and internal stakeholders Specify prioritized non-functional requirements and service metrics, and refine with service operations, architects, and DevOps teams. Represent the customer viewpoint in engineering improvement initiatives. Agile product owner and product manager roles in Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Maintain knowledge on competitive offerings and establish market leading cloud service delivery Define service packaging requirements including documentation, service level agreements, licensing, and list pricing. Minimum of 5 years of prior product management experience, ideally in the security space. Strong background and proven results with SaaS. Experience with inbound product management. Experience with cloud services (AWS, GCP, Azure). Good understanding of the security marketplace preferably in identity, authentication, or access management. Leadership skills in cross-functional teams. Ability to effectively converse on complex topics from solution concepts to technical details with a diverse group of individuals. Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (i.e. computer science, engineering, or equivalent). Bachelor’s degree in a business field (i.e. business, marketing, or equivalent). Experience with outbound product management. Experience with DevOps practices and with the enterprise market are an asset. Strong verbal and written communication skills in an international and global environment Ability to manage tasks to closure, with cross-functional inputs Excellent organization and time management skills with the ability to self-prioritize tasks and work across multiple time zones Good common sense for usability and user experience 
ScrapedJobID1265:
Integration between Service Now and Privileged Access Management application Identify security issues and risks, and develop mitigation plans Architect, design, implement, support, and evaluate security-focused tools and services including project leadership roles Develop and interpret security policies and procedures Participate in security compliance efforts Develop and deliver training materials and perform general security awareness and specific security technology training Evaluate and recommend new and emerging security products and technologies 5+ years of technical experience in Javascript, Java, python or powershell 5+ years of previous experience with Privileged Access Management tools 2 years hands-on experience in consuming RESTful API calls and setting up API endpoints Strong understanding and application of MS Tools (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, etc.) Hands-on and sound Knowledge of access control and management across various information system platforms, namely Unix based systems with technical understanding of other platforms (OS, Applications, Databases) Advanced troubleshooting skills and ability to resolve RDP and SSH connectivity issues Possess advanced communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English Strong experience and detailed technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security Consistent implementation of security solutions Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Excellent teamwork skills Able to work independently and manage time effectively Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Intermediate communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in Spanish Experience in infrastructure or application-level vulnerability testing and auditing Currently holding or is working towards CISSP certification is preferred 
ScrapedJobID1266:
Applying knowledge strategically Takes ownership for own work’s quality, compliance and technical accuracy Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensures own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards Ability to work with minimal supervision Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues Speak, listen and write in a clear, thorough and timely manner using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques Establish and maintain positive working relationships with others both internally and externally to achieve the goals of the organization Anticipates and prepares for responses or reactions of others with sensitivity and directness Experience in install/configure/customize for SailPoint IIQ Ability to drive conversation for design and development for LifeCycle Management Understand complex workflows and integrations for SailPoint IIQ Experience with IIQ integration(s) such as ServiceNow, RACF, Active Directory, Workday, Azure, SAP HR/Direct, API, JDBC and Delimited files Able to troubleshoot complex issues in SailPoint IIQ Experience with Java/Beanshell/SQL Role D Certified SailPoint IIQ Engineer an asset Understand and experience with IdentityNow an asset 
ScrapedJobID1267:
Manages people and leads a team capable of delivering the desired business results. Knowledge of and experience in developing statistical models with experience in fraud and or cyber preferred. Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies. May network with industry contacts to gain competitive insights and best practices. Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO's purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Provides strategic input into business decisions as a trusted advisor. Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies. May network with industry contacts to gain competitive insights and best practices. Ensures alignment between analytics, business and technical sides of strategies to improve performance and effectiveness. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Helps determine business priorities and best sequence for execution of business/group strategy. Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Leads the execution of operational programs; assesses and adapts as needed to ensure quality of execution. Applies risk mitigation and management methods to manage/refines risk approaches within the function/process. Ensures policies, processes and controls are implemented and adhered to. Develops/manages comprehensive information management systems; designs and/or leads initiatives to improve processes, analysis and reporting. Leads/participates in the design, implementation and management of core business/group processes. Identifies and understands new and emerging patterns of fraud, both external and internal. Identifies and acquires appropriate data for fraud analysis based on knowledge of BMO product, data warehouse systems and architectural linkages. Develops complex technical rules/ scenarios to maximize the effectiveness of fraud detection and prevention programs. Applies statistical, data mining and pattern analysis techniques to determine relationships between transactions, customer data and known/predicted fraudulent behaviours. Summarizes statistical findings, draws conclusions and presents actionable business recommendations. Conducts programming as required for data mining mainframe jobs and develops detection rules/ scenarios or automated reports for Investigator use. Develops and maintains models and metrics, scenarios, profiles and parameters used to improve the efficiency of fraud detection systems. Manages risk and minimizes losses through monitoring, controlling, audits and verifications in accordance with compliance requirements, policies, procedures and regulations. Provides leadership and oversight on the identification, analysis and resolution of issues, recommending appropriate courses of action and creating solutions. Supports development and execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with stakeholders. Leads/participates in the design, implementation and management of core business/group processes. Operates at a group/enterprise-wide level and serves as a specialist resource to senior leaders and stakeholders. Applies expertise and thinks creatively to address unique or ambiguous situations and to find solutions to problems that can be complex and non-routine. Implements changes in response to shifting trends. Typically 7+ years of relevant experience and a Masters degree in related field of study. Advanced technical skills and knowledge. Advanced knowledge of fraud and security management. Advanced knowledge of Statistical Analyses and Advanced Modeling techniques. In-depth knowledge of risk and technology management as applied to fraud and/or criminal risk. Seasoned professional with a combination of education, experience and industry knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth / Expert. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth / Expert. Influence skills - In-depth / Expert. Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration - In-depth / Expert. Able to manage ambiguity. Data driven decision making - In-depth / Expert. 
ScrapedJobID1268:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel Participer à la gestion de la sécurité informatique et à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Mettre en place des solutions et des stratégies pour détecter les incidents potentiels en sécurité. Analyser les vulnérabilités et les menaces pour mettre au point des procédures d’atténuation ou de contournement. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Gérer les droits d’accès pour les logiciels et les systèmes d’information. Offrir une assistance de deuxième ligne à l’équipe de la Direction des ressources technologiques ainsi qu’auprès des usagers. Participer au développement des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches et des applications. Planifier et superviser l’implantation des projets et des applications informatiques. Installer, maintenir, gérer et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels) de réseautiques et de télécommunications. Effectuer les achats d’équipements et de licences reliées à la réseautique et les télécommunications. Installer, configurer et gérer les serveurs. Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe requise. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou avec un champ de spécialisation approprié ou détenir un diplôme ou une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Cumuler un minimum de quatre (4) années d’expérience à titre de technicienne ou technicien informatique ou équivalent. Détenir des connaissances dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder des connaissances en lien avec Windows Server et la programmation PowerShell. Démontrer des connaissances approfondies en lien avec l’infrastructure réseau filaire et sans-fil. Posséder une connaissance dans la gestion de pare-feu de la prochaine génération. Posséder des connaissances générales de certains concepts en sécurité (le modèle CIA, le modèle Zero-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Être titulaire d’une certification Cisco CCNA est un atout Détenir des connaissances de base en Linux ainsi que dans les outils de test d’intrusion est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 23.XX à 33.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé DEC 
ScrapedJobID1269:
Manage, implement & maintain high-level IT and Communications systems, including- Data Applications Computing Hardware Network Infrastructure Telecommunications Radio Communications Support Equipment Mining specialization systems Work on protecting data against loss or harm Work on Cyber security of all IT & Comms systems Work on data protection and privacy Minimize the disruption of system and work on improving the availability Support all users in using the IT systems Research and promote new technology initiatives and opportunities Work with suppliers and partners to support systems Coordinate activities in various projects support and technical requests Share knowledge of IT and Mine Operation Systems through documentation and peer communication. Build the knowledge of new and changing IT & Comms systems Attend Training courses as may be required Work towards achieving and delivering goals and objectives Maintain a safe, clean and organized work space Work with facilities and equipment in indoor, outdoor, and industrial environments Be available to work in other BC locations on IT and Comms services, if necessary Complete other relevant tasks, if necessary, under the guidance of the IT management Offer recommendations and observations for improving IT Services and systems Comply with the rules and regulations of the Mount Milligan and Centerra Gold Combination of education and certifications Expertise in at least two industry specialties Highly comfortable in interacting with others, of varying personalities, in person, on the phone and through using remote tools Capable of providing extended hours when required to meet deadlines Able to prioritize and work effectively while being adaptable and open to constant priority changes Calm and collected disposition in complex high pressure business situations Work effectively independently and in a team environment with a positive attitude Focus on safety and continuous improvement Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Valid Driver's license 
ScrapedJobID1270:

ScrapedJobID1271:

ScrapedJobID1272:
Intégrer, mettre à jour l'information sur les processus provenant de sources multiples, recueillir l'information critique lors de réunions avec divers intervenants et produire des rapports utiles pour mener à bien le travail; Documenter, examiner, mettre à jour et normaliser les cas d'utilisation, les processus, les diagrammes de flux de processus et les diagrammes RACI pour la mise en œuvre des contrôles de sécurité; Initier et diriger des discussions techniques sur l'examen de la sécurité, communiquer les exigences, les politiques et les normes de sécurité aux parties prenantes; Soutenir les évaluations de la conformité en matière de sécurité en examinant les réponses au questionnaire sur les contrôles de sécurité, effectuer les évaluations techniques initiales de la sécurité avec les experts en la matière; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour s'assurer que toutes les politiques et procédures de sécurité sont mises en œuvre; Communiquer efficacement, documenter, gérer et suivre l'état d'avancement, et mettre à jour les équipes de projet; Gérer les aspects opérationnels quotidiens des projets et de leur portée, y compris les journaux de projet, les problèmes et les points d'action. Solides compétences en matière de coordination de projets, axées sur les résultats; Compréhension globale de la cybersécurité et des méthodologies, y compris les normes, les risques et la conformité; Compréhension et expérience de la terminologie et des produits de réseau; Un atout : connaissance technique des différentes technologies de sécurité telles que le cloud public/privé/hybride, les conteneurs, la virtualisation, les réseaux mobiles et sans fil; 5+ ans d'expérience en tant que chef de projet, analyse d'affaires ou un domaine connexe; Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'analyse et de réflexion conceptuelle; Solides compétences en gestion du temps avec un sens de l'urgence pour garantir le respect des délais; vous savez établir des priorités et les redéfinir rapidement; Vous avez l'esprit d'équipe, vous êtes sûr de vous, motivé et indépendant. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work; Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation; Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders; Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts; Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams; Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes; Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance; Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products; An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network; 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field; Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills; Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly; Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID1273:

ScrapedJobID1274:
Lead the implementation, configuration, and daily operation of Information Security technologies that are implemented in cloud environments and on-premise Manage and support Security technology across various business units for the client Monitor and advise on Information Security compliance related to IT to ensure security controls are functioning appropriately Support the ongoing Security control processes within the enterprise which includes security technologies, networks, information systems, and endpoints both on-premise and in the cloud Influences internal partners to ensure they build solutions consistent with the organization's planned policies, programs, architectural recommendations, and Information Security standards Manage requirements documentation, analyzes opinions, and proposes solutions that leverage resources for highly sophisticated projects Assist in the design and implementation of resilient Information Security architecture and technologies for efficient threat protection, monitoring, and Incident Response Analyzes threat and vulnerability feeds and analyzes data for applicability to environment including the identification and resolution of false-positive findings in assessment results, as well as perform compensating controls analysis and validate the efficacy of existing controls Understanding of threat models, impact levels, and the different approaches and methodologies i.e. black/grey/white box testing Develop innovative and secure solutions and provide mentorship for our clients' stakeholders Work with Security and IT stakeholders to implement a risk management program that allows for the identification and remediation of Information Security risks Advise the organization about Information Security threats, technologies, and related regulatory requirements Develop and implement Information Security metrics, measurement criteria, and reporting to ensure compliance and continuous improvement for cloud tools and environments Assesses information technology control elements to mitigate IT risks regarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of business information 5+ years of Security System administration and engineering experience 2+ years of SOC experience, or responding to cybersecurity investigations 2+ years experience with SIEM, DLP, and CASB CCSP, CCSK, CISSP, CISM, ISO 27001/27002 certifications as an asset 2+ years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform capabilities and best practices architectures, Google Compute Platform (GCP) an asset Experience with Splunk, Tripwire, HX, Qradar, McAfee, F5, Imperva, Nexpose, Fortinet, or similar technologies Virtualization and cloud platforms: VMware, Xenserver and KVM, OpenStack, Cloudstack, AWS, GCP Linux and/or Windows administration and troubleshooting experience Programming/scripting experience, preferably with a diversity of languages Proficient in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components such as Apache, IIS, memcache, MySQL, SQL Server, etc. Experience utilizing or implementing the MITRE ATT&CK framework. Experience with UEBA and other Security Analytics Platforms. General Networking skills required (Layer 2 & 3 switches, OSI Model, TCP/IP, SNMP, etc.) Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to communicate with customers, vendors and partners, and across all levels of the organization Ability to interact, develop, engineer, and communicate at the highest technical levels of interpersonal decision-making Excellent oral and written communications for the development of the security program, strategy, guidelines, policies, standards, and for presentations to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels of the organization Ability to build and work with multi-disciplinary teams to achieve goals and to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Works well under pressure and time constraints and can prioritize competing priorities appropriately Strong business and technical acumen. 10% Target Bonus DC Pension (with 4% matching) ESPP (Optional) - with matching up to $3500/yr 3 weeks vacation+ 2 Personal Day + 2 Impact Days (for Charity work) Benefits Start the first day 
ScrapedJobID1275:
Be responsible for contextualizing, prioritizing, assigning, monitoring and closing vulnerabilities. Receive and validate the results of vulnerability detection activities; Contribute to the establishment of remediation / mitigation plans for vulnerabilities; Follow up on the management of vulnerabilities with stakeholders; Ensure compliance with service level agreements for vulnerability management; Produce and ensure the quality of metrics relating to vulnerability management; Contribute to the drafting, maintenance and improvement of documentation in support of vulnerability management processes and procedures; Collaborate with stakeholders to optimize remediation of vulnerabilities. At least 2 years of experience in vulnerability management, Threat intelligence or in response to security incidents, or at least 5 years of experience in the IT field; In-depth knowledge of vulnerability management, infrastructure, application, and cloud security. Knowledge of Vulnerability Rating Systems (CVSS), OWASP TOP 10, MITER and NIST controls; Experience with vulnerability scanning tools such as those from Tenable, Qualys, Rapid7. Hold the CISSP or COMPTIA Security + certification (an asset). Demonstrate a sense of collaboration and teamwork; Demonstrate interpersonal skills (ability to influence and interact with stakeholders, to manage conflicts); Demonstrate excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills; Demonstrate a great sense of initiative; Demonstrate professional rigor and thoroughness; 
ScrapedJobID1276:

ScrapedJobID1277:

ScrapedJobID1278:
Google Workspace, BetterCloud, GAM, Mosyle, O365, Meraki, Unifi, Darktrace, Freshdesk, Procore, DocuSign, Keeper, GCP, AWS, Yardi, Concur, Dayforce, Jostle, KnowBe4, Acrobat A Bachelor’s degree or certificate from an accredited college or university in Computer Science or technology, or a business degree with a focus on Information Systems or a closely related field. A minimum of five (5) years of progressively responsible experience working with digital technology in hospitality, seniors living, office, or retail environments. Deep knowledge of Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Chrome. Google Workspace, Procore, DocuSign experience. JavaScript (Google Apps Script), Python, Bash, or other scripting experience. Familiarity with SSO (SAML, SCIM), MFA/2FV, AppSheet, BigQuery Proven ability to effectively communicate complex technological concepts to non-technical people in an understandable manner, both orally and in writing. Knowledge of general office procedures and practices, business English and accounting, computer programming, personal computers. Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and concisely, orally and in writing; to establish and maintain effective and courteous relationships with other employees and other business contacts; and to deal effectively with situations that require tact and diplomacy, yet assertiveness. Creative problem solver, able to use initiative and resources to synthesize information and find solutions. Demonstrated ability to learn new digital skills and to acquire expertise with new digital platforms. Ability to triage an issue and manage competing priorities from multiple sources. Has own vehicle and a valid drivers licence. 
ScrapedJobID1279:
Proven experience acting as a leader within an IT Risk consulting practice or boutique, with an understanding of the marketplace and poised to assist with, and manage, practice growth. At least 8 years of demonstrated experience in designing and implementing relevant solutions in a variety of industries. A relevant professional designation, such as CPA, CISA, CISSP or CIA. Minimum of 2 years of management experience leading a team. A networked understanding of the professional landscape of IT Risk in Canada, as well as an established presence with existing and would-be clients. Canada Secret (Level 2) security clearance, or the ability to secure it, as it is a requirement for many of our clients. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1280:
Support processes for creating, maintaining, and evolving the portfolio of services Build enablement collateral to support other teams, such as sales and solution architects Develop and drive forward the public cloud roadmap with tactical and strategic initiatives Collaborate with key technology partners and the partner management team to ensure alignment between CDW Canada and partner initiatives Collaborate with Canadian leadership to set product release schedule to support corporate goals Provide guidance to the organization to meet customer goals using a data-driven approach Contribute to financial planning activities by forecasting performance and ROI for services in the development Empower sales and pre-sales teams through focused training on new products and services Measure and improve on the effectiveness of enablement activities Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ Years’ experience in go-to-market activities, product design, build or sales of IT services and solutions. Deep understanding of Cloud IAAS, and cloud-native services Broad technical understanding of enterprise data center technologies such as hybrid cloud infrastructure, data center architecture and design, data management technologies, data center security, and governance Understanding of the technology providers in the public cloud space Prior experience in IT Professional or Managed Services (Delivery or Pre-Sales) Proven ability to proactively collaborate, build relationships, and creatively solve problems Must be able to communicate effectively Demonstrated ability to simplify complex matters for a wide range of audiences Demonstrate solid attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy Ability to organize thoughts and ideas into understandable terminology. Ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Demonstrated ability to work independently with little direction 
ScrapedJobID1281:
Manage the network and communications hardware including routers, switches, firewalls, servers and VPN’s Develop and maintain security protocols for information systems such as ERP, web services and LMS Ensure that cybersecurity systems, controls and procedures are operating effectively to manage vulnerabilities such as disaster recovery, and provide continuous protection from external and internal parties Prepare and maintain system documentation, progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, technical training materials, and presentations Warranty, break fixes and installation services, including emergency response to server issues Remote and on-site technical support/troubleshoot for Mac, PCs, Servers, Network, and IT Infrastructure environment Maintain network and server hardware and Microsoft windows software platforms (Active Directory, email, firewalls - patch management, OS upgrades and firmware updates). Configure, deploy, support and maintain Windows Servers, PCs, Routers and VM. Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or another similar degree Speaks of English & Mandarin (must) MCSA, MCSE (preferred) ITIL Certification (preferred) 2-3 years of experience supporting servers, desktops, networks and peripheral hardware Experience supporting client applications such as Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Sophos firewall Considerable knowledge and working experience with the characteristics and capabilities of Microsoft Active Directory, Windows Server, Microsoft Exchange, Office 365 Demonstrate experience with IT metrics Experience in managing technology vendor relationships Excellent negotiation and presentation skills Strong knowledge of cybersecurity best practices both on premise and cloud-based storage Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) supporting servers: 2 years (preferred) English and Mandarin (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1282:
Joignez-vous à une équipe dynamique en pleine croissance et participez à la mise en œuvre de la stratégie numérique de Rio Tinto Un excellent environnement de travail dans lequel les gens sont valorisés et respectés Ce nouveau poste vous donnera accès à des technologies fascinantes et vous permettra de repenser votre façon de travailler Poste permanent situé à Montréal Définir des environnements de réseau SDN, LAN/WAN traditionnels et de sécurité complexes afin de conférer de la valeur aux équipes de réseau élargies mondiales, aux TSI et aux Groupes de produits Assurer l’optimisation/formuler des recommandations à l’égard du rendement des plateformes et de l’infrastructure essentielles aux activités afin d’accroître l’efficience et l’efficacité du réseau mondial de Rio Tinto Concevoir, créer, mettre en œuvre et optimiser des projets de surveillance et d’automatisation pour améliorer la disponibilité, l’évolutivité et la sécurité de l’environnement réseau de Rio Tinto Influencer et créer de nouvelles conceptions, architectures, normes et méthodes pour un environnement réseau mondial de grande envergure Relever, diagnostiquer et résoudre les problèmes dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Assurer la gestion des problèmes en vue de leur résolution dans un environnement de production qui soutient les applications et les services essentiels aux activités Se passionner pour l’élimination des processus manuels répétitifs au moyen de l’automatisation Élaborer et optimiser des processus/procédures/méthodes Engagement à assurer votre sécurité et celle de votre équipe Baccalauréat (télécommunications/génie, TI/réseaux de données) ou expérience équivalente Expérience dans la conception, la mise en œuvre et la gestion de réseaux WAN/LAN/sans fil complexes. Une expérience dans l’industrie de l’exploitation minière, pétrolière/gazière ou de la fabrication constitue un atout Expérience souhaitable avec NGFW, FMC de Cisco, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Conaissance d’outils d’automatisation comme Ansible, Chef et Puppet Expérience avec un ou plusieurs des langages de script suivants : Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js ou Golang Compétences efficaces en communication et en production de rapports Connaissance des principes et des processus de l’ITIL et de l’ingénierie système Environnement de travail au sein duquel la sécurité est toujours la priorité absolue Occasions de développement de carrière et aide à la formation pour réaliser vos aspirations sur le plan technique et du leadership Salaire de base concurrentiel établi en fonction de vos compétences et de votre expérience, et programme incitatif annuel Accès en tout temps à des programmes de santé/médicaux favorables à la famille, et à des régimes de retraite et d’épargne Régime d’actionnariat intéressant Congés pour divers motifs (vacances/annuels, congé parental payé, congés de maladie) Rabais pour les employés Join a dynamic growing team and be part of implementing Rio Tinto’s digital strategy Excellent work environment where people are valued and respected This new role will expose you to exciting technology and challenge the way you work Permanent role based in Montreal Articulate complex SDN, traditional LAN/WAN and security environments in order to demonstrate value to broader global network teams, IS&T and Product Groups Provide performance tuning/recommendations for mission critical platforms and infrastructure in order to drive efficiency and effectiveness of the Global Rio Tinto Network Design, create and deliver optimize monitoring and automation steps to improve the availability, scalability and security of Rio Tinto’s network environment Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale global network environment Identify, troubleshoot and resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Problem management to resolve issues in a live production environment that supports mission critical applications and services Have a passion for eliminating repetitive manual processes using automation Develop and optimise processes/procedures/methods A commitment to the safety of yourself and your team Bachelor’s degree qualification (Telecommunications/Engineering, IT/Data Networks) or equivalent experience Experience with designing, implementing, and managing complex WAN/LAN/Wireless networks. Mining, Oil/Gas, or manufacturing experience preferred Experience with Cisco NGFW, FMC, Routing , & Switching , MPLS , SD-WAN (Software Define WAN) , Cisco DNAC (DNA Centre) , Cisco ISE (Identity Service Engine) / ACS (Access Control Service), Wireless , Firewalls Firepower, ASA , Zscaler Internet Access , Microsoft Azure , AWS (Amazon Web Services) desired. Familiarity with automation tools such as Ansible, Chef, and Puppet Have experience with one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, Node.js, or Golang Effective communication and reporting skills Knowledge of ITIL principles and processes and system engineering A work environment where safety is always the number one priority Career development & education assistance to further your technical or leadership ambitions A competitive base salary reflective of your skills and experience with annual incentive program Ongoing access to family-friendly health and medical programs, pension and savings plans Attractive share ownership plan Leave for all of life’s reasons (vacation/annual, paid parental, sick leave) Exclusive employee discounts 
ScrapedJobID1283:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1284:
Contribuer à l'atténuation et à la résolution d'incidents liés à la sécurité. Réaliser des évaluations et des recherches sur les menaces, la vulnérabilité et les risques liés à notre environnement infonuagique multi-cloud SaaS. Collaborez avec l'équipe DLP pour identifier et activer les contrôles afin de protéger les fuites de données des applications Web et Cloud. Élaborer des procédures d’intégrations et d’opérationnalisations. Mettre à jours en continue la documentation du service. Création et gestion de rapport d’utilisation / statistique des différents services Cloud. Baccalauréat en génie informatique, ou un domaine connexe. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations et projets d'infrastructure. Un minimum de 3 ans d'expérience avec les services infonuagiques. Un minimum de 3 années d'expérience dans la mise en œuvre des outils et de technologies lies aux opérations de développement de la sécurité. Connaissances approfondies de la cybersécurité opérationnelle, des techniques de protection des données et de la sécurité infonuagique. Avec une Certification Cloud (Ex : AWS et/ou Azure Solutions Architect) et autres certifications liées à la sécurité comme CISSP et SSCP est un atout. Expérience en milieu de développement des opérations et en maintien de la sécurité dans les pipelines d'intégration et de livraison continues est un atout. Maitrise de l'interface de ligne de commande et/ou d'une langue de programmation, telle que Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ est un atout. Conception de Tableaux, d’alertes et de rapport via des outils comme PowerBI, Splunk est un atout. Esprit d'équipe et bonnes compétences en communication. Faculté à présenter avec aisance le projet à différentes ressources (Technique et non technique). Sens de leadership, responsabilités et réactivité. Grande éthique professionnelle et esprit pragmatique. Forte capacité à proposer des solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1285:

ScrapedJobID1286:
Providing day-to-day maintenance and support of client IT infrastructure. Configuring and managing virtual servers. Operating and maintaining production systems, as well as providing hardware and software support. Maintaining a high level of direct client interaction. Monitoring systems operations using enterprise-level tools Communicate with customers via telephone, in writing or in person. Provide status updates on outstanding tickets and current projects Microsoft Windows Server and Cloud Solutions, Azure, Microsoft Office, Networking, Windows, Firewalls, VOIP Telephony, Routing Professional Development Assistance Health Benefits Package Flex Days High River, Alberta 44 hours Monday to Friday Weekends and after hours on call in rotation Commission pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call High River, AB: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) Computer networking: 2 years (preferred) driver's license (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1287:
Lead and execute on the 2nd line information risk assurance and control testing annual plan. Scope the assurance and control testing activity and provide day to day direction to the team members. Perform the assurance activities in a set of capabilities listed below:
Business continuity planning, Disaster Recovery and Crisis Management
Technology risk management consisting of 3rd party, information classification handling and secure destruction, IT asset inventory and IT incident
Information security management consisting of vulnerability management, network security, application security, cyber incident, mobile device security, operations security, VoIP communication, customer system authentication, logging and monitoring, cryptographic safeguard, identify and access management, application penetration testing and KRI/KPI validation Business continuity planning, Disaster Recovery and Crisis Management Technology risk management consisting of 3rd party, information classification handling and secure destruction, IT asset inventory and IT incident Information security management consisting of vulnerability management, network security, application security, cyber incident, mobile device security, operations security, VoIP communication, customer system authentication, logging and monitoring, cryptographic safeguard, identify and access management, application penetration testing and KRI/KPI validation Ensure that all assurance procedures executed are conducted in accordance with GIRM Methodologies. Support the Assurance COE annual planning process. Provide deep technical expertise to the assurance and control testing team to ensure the quality of observations and findings. Document the objective assessment and publish the assurance report. Socialize the assurance report with relevant stockholders. Update Archer with Assurance observations and findings. Lead and manage a team of assurance executors and problem solvers, responsible for delivering assurance milestones with quality and on time as per established plans, guidelines, and standards. Understand Information Technology control environment to conduct the assurance for risk assessments of the effectiveness and efficiency of internal controls and operating practices. Support multiple simultaneous assurance projects to ensure time and quality objectives are met. Timely escalate potential budget over-runs and resourcing concerns to Engagement Lead. Review assurance quality of the technology and information risk controls. Participate in short-term planning and enabling long-term strategies that will mature information risk management ensuring the practices keep pace with both internal drivers (company strategy and goals) and external drivers (technology, regulations, threats, and vulnerabilities). Advocate for a strong information risk culture. Stay abreast with evolving information and technology risks, new regulations, laws and requirements for information risk, information security, cybersecurity, information protection and privacy across jurisdictions and overseeing company compliance with as required. Minimum 10 years of hand on experience Information Security and/or technology risk within a large enterprise Demonstrated experience in Control testing and/or Assurance. University degree (Computer Science or related discipline preferred) Previous risk advisory consulting experience is preferred Sound knowledge of best practices of various aspects of information risk management and prior experience as a leader in Information Risk 2nd line or 3rd line of defense experience Sound business writing skills. Strong competencies in collaboration, problem solving and influencing key risk decisions People management previous experience. Knowledge of the regulatory environments in the U.S. and Canada Recognized professional designations in Information Security, Audit and Business Continuity (e.g. CISSP, CISA, CRISC, ) Strong communication, consulting, and influencing skills Problem solving, analytical, innovative and strategic thinker Strong stakeholder management and alignment skills Strong presentation and facilitation skills to all levels and audiences Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships Strong team player (collaborative) Strong time management and organizational skills to manage multiple tasks and changing priorities 
ScrapedJobID1288:
Faire la mise en place de la sécurité dans les projets SAP; Mettre en place la surveillance et journalisation de systèmes SAP (Qradar, Arcsigth, Tripware, Confval, etc.); Mettre en place de transferts des fichiers sécurisés et mettre en place les configurations de sécurité par rapport aux exigences de sécurité; S'occuper du bastionnage de serveur Linux et d’applications (CIS Benchmark), le balayage de vulnérabilités et de la mise à jour de rustines OS; Créer des certificats SSL; Mettre en place des règles de Garde Barrière; Faire la configuration AWS, Azure et Google Cloud. Avoir une expérience de six (6) à neuf (9) ans en cybersécurité; Posséder une bonne expérience dans les projets SAP, S4/HANA, Linux et Unix; Posséder une bonne connaissance des bases de données Oracle, HANA, système d’exploitation SLES12; Avoir une expérience de deux (2) à trois (3) ans avec Ansible; Détenir une bonne expérience dans les projets SAP, Linux, Unix, Windows, ainsi qu'une bonne connaissance des Outils Qradar, Arcsigth, Tripware, Venafi, Confval, etc.; Avoir travaillé dans mode Agile (Scrum, Kanban) et DevSecOps; Posséder une connaissance en gestion des accès et des identités, une connaissance AWS, Azure et Google Cloud et une connaissance des Garde Barriere (Firewall). Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1289:
Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO’s purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks & mitigation techniques for designated areas. Anticipates and reduces complexity for others. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Assists in the preparation of end-user materials. Plans and conducts third-party software analysis as needed for inclusion in the project solution. Gathers requirements and documents these requirements for use in various audits, reports, & projects. Participates in the creation of use cases and user expected results to ensure that software is delivered to end users with zero Severity 1 or Severity 2 defects. Works with project stakeholders to validate their requirements and analysis models via techniques such as reviews and walkthroughs. Ensures system specifications meet expectations/requirements, and negotiates solutions. Creates documentation to ensure the supportability of analyses. Maintains existing requirements to ensure that current-state needs are known. Develops and implements data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filters and “cleans” data, and reviews computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Remains alert to new techniques for insights, analytics, and data visualization, and devises new ways of applying them. Interprets data, analyzes results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes in the organization to improve overall efficiency. Facilitates discussions and follows a structured approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage requirements with stakeholders. Provides analytical support and insights. Identifies opportunities to strengthen business analysis capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across BMO. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 3 years of Fraud experience required. Prefer Risk & Control/Internal Audits highly desired. Experience setting up processes Self Starter Strong Technical Skills i.e. MS office Project Management Skills would be very helpful. Possesses analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Demonstrates applied knowledge of one or more analysis and problem decomposition technique. Understands complete Software Development Life Cycle and can apply the applicable portions of the ‘Feasibility,’ ‘Requirements,” and ‘Analysis’ phases. Demonstrates writing and documentation skills. Understands and can explain to others the core processes involved in their area of support. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1290:
Deliver SRE-focused Technology roadmaps for given Products, in collaboration with Architecture, Application Development, Product Delivery, enterprise and infrastructure partners Embed SRE non-functional requirements in collaboration with architecture, development and across the entire product lifecycle; focused on improving customer experience and business benefit of the SRE Organization Lead and grow a highly skilled team of SREs; lead and mature annual SRE Academy across AppDev and Support teams; collaborate with local technology communities and make positive impact Implement AI / ML based predictive, preventative and self-healing full stack monitoring; implement centralized logging to enable incident triage and AI/ML Continual, proactive CyberSecurity and DevSecOps focus to harden systems and minimize risk End-to-end DevOps and QE Automation within an Productized Agile methodology; plan and deliver High Availability (HA) environment and DR solutions that exceed RTOs; plan and deliver Load tested, with known capacity thresholds, to provide business scalable systems Application performance planning, monitoring and tuning that exceeds key business process SLOs Proactively maintain technology currency; cloud-assess and migrate to enabled platforms, where possible; deliver and orchestrate solution re-use across the organization; key resource in problem management: RCA and solution go-forward process; update and maintain system design documentation; update and maintain SRE standards An engineering leadership mindset, strong communicator with ownership and drive B.S. degree in Computer Science or related technical field (e.g. EE, physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience and including: 10 + years professional coding experience in one or more of the following: C#, Java and mastery of one or more scripting languages for automating systems management, eg. Bash, Python, Ansible; 5+ years’ experience leading technology teams, including functional management; 4+ years professional Agile / scrum methodology and DevOps experience using UCD, Jenkins Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems as a developer and/or system administrator, with a deep understanding of Linux Operating System internals, Namespaces and Containers Experience with Kubernetes orchestration platform both as a programmer, and from operations perspective; experience working with DB/2 and SQL Databases Hands-on experience in a variety of SRE languages and tools (Ansible, Dynatrace Managed, Moog, PagerDuty, ServiceNow, GitHub, Slack, Elastic, Logstash, Kibana, Blue Prism, CatchPoint) Working knowledge of networking (e.g., firewall, routing, network topologies and hardware, SDN); working knowledge of web-based application architectures Strong communicator and collaborator Deep SRE Academy involvement and leadership MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field (e.g. EE, physics or mathematics) Management of SRE Teams Development, Cloud and/or SRE Certifications Development or operations experience with one or more of: large-scale systems cloud-based applications or services, both public and on premise distributed systems, microservices and/or scale-out database architecture security algorithms and protocols including encryption, authentication or packet inspection A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
ScrapedJobID1291:

ScrapedJobID1292:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Participer à l’analyse et à la validation des alertes relatives aux incidents potentiels en sécurité pour ce qui a trait aux courriels, à la réseautique, aux pare-feu, à l’Active Directory et à l’antivirus. Appliquer des mises à jour sur ou des méthodes de contournement sur des systèmes à partir d’une procédure établie. Participer à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Participer à la gestion de la quarantaine pour le service de messagerie. Fournir un support de première ligne aux utilisateurs confrontés avec des problèmes liés à l’utilisation des services informatiques. Développer des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches Installer, maintenir et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels_ de réseautiques et de télécommunications Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou d’une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Démontrer une connaissance dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder une connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows et de la programmation PowerShell. Détenir des connaissances générales en lien avec certains concepts de sécurité tels que le modèle CIA, le modèle zéro-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Posséder une connaissance de base en réseautique et dans l’élaboration des règles de pare-feu. Détenir une connaissance du câblage structuré est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base en Linux et dans les outils de tests d’intrusion est un atout. Démontrer des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 22.XX à 30.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé 
ScrapedJobID1293:

ScrapedJobID1294:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Advises and supports risk owners in day to day risk management activities and execution. Acts as a primary interface and conduit between the risk owners and other risk groups to lead the facilitation and execution of risk management activities. Identifies, assesses, prioritizes and reports on material IT risks for IT and aligned business areas. Assists risk owners in adhering to policies, frameworks, standards and guidelines through active engagement, guidance and counselling. Advises on the design of controls and remediation plans to mitigate risk. Problem solving skills needed to support interaction with stakeholders to identify risks, impact to the organization and solutions. Ensure that Operational and IT Risk assessments and outputs are recorded in enterprise tools and in full compliance of all policies and common standards, including the IT Risk Management Policy and Framework. Partners with other risk groups to assess, implement and communicate new/updated risk controls, frameworks, policies, risk indicators, metrics and limits. Identify pervasive IT risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape. Ensures implementation of a strong IT risk culture in partnership with the risk owners. Perform various types of data analysis work and prepare monthly / quarterly reporting for senior management. Monitor IT risk KPIs and KRIs within established tolerance. Providing guidance to risk owners, and escalation as needed to ensure timely remediation. 5+ years IT and risk management experience 3+ years IT and cyber security experience Strong communication and influencing capability supported by well-developed analytical competency Cyber security certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISM, etc.) Financial services experience Nice to have International and Canadian national regulatory requirements on financial services We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1295:
Manage technical planning and operations spanning multiple systems and technologies Lead the resolution of complex production issues spanning multiple systems and technologies Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve IAM infrastructure Develop and maintain service metrics dashboards for all IAM systems and dependent components Demonstrate innovations, and support knowledge-sharing across other IT Agile teams Support the maturity of the IAM roadmaps, standards and practices, in collaboration with the Portfolio architect Participate in the design and test DR/BCP solutions in collaboration with other groups Help support and sustain technology and process continuous improvements Remain current on developments in the Identity and Access Management space Facilitate effective team discussion, decision-making and communication Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity Regularly write wiki articles, and participate in issue and team retrospectives Identify repetitive tasks and build tools / processes for automation Architect and design IAM and security improvements in public and private cloud Support and build IAM features / enhancements Collaborate with vendor(s) and support the scheduling of upgrades Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Analyze business requirements to develop technical solutions 5+ years' experience in a similar role Needs to have Azure IAM experience along with authentication and tools like CyberArk, and Okta etc. You understand DevOps as a working practice and avoid waste where practical University degree in Computer Science, Information Management, or related field Experience with Identity and Access Management solutions in multiple environments (Active Directory, Azure AD, Azure MFA, CyberArk, Cisco ISE, Dash lane) Experience with modern authentication protocols (Oauth,SAML,ADAL,PKI) Knowledge of Password management systems and best practices
(CyberArk, Last Pass) (CyberArk, Last Pass) Knowledge on related security / network Infrastructure
(AAA, Logging, SIEM) (AAA, Logging, SIEM) Experience with Identity management platforms
(Azure AD, Idaptive, Okta, Duo etc.) (Azure AD, Idaptive, Okta, Duo etc.) Knowledge of AAA standards Knowledge of design patterns Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment A thought-leader in the identity space who can clearly express ideas, concepts, and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Is experienced with desired state configuration technologies, such as Terraform and Ansible Experienced with leading delivery of major technology features in a complex fast-paced environment Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work Hold relevant industry certifications (including, but not limited to)
Azure / AWS Certified Identity / Security Specialization)
Active Directory
Cisco CCNA, CCNP
Cisco ISE
CISSP
CCSP
CyberArk
VMware Azure / AWS Certified Identity / Security Specialization) Active Directory Cisco CCNA, CCNP Cisco ISE CISSP CCSP CyberArk VMware 
ScrapedJobID1296:
Support the delivery, evaluation, and continuous improvement of the IT General Controls (ITGC) SOX program. Help review, align, and improve the Risk and Control Matrices (RCM) and ITGC Narratives across multiple Help internal stakeholders understand the risks and controls associated with their systems and applications. Coordinate external and internal audits including: Meeting internal stakeholders Preparing for walkthroughs Coordinating the collection and consolidation of ITGC evidence Evaluating the adequacy of evidence Responding to findings and recommendations Support the monitoring of operating businesses compliance. Administer Corporate GRC tool (ex. RSA Archer) Following best practices, be responsible to (a) ensure that current IS policies, standards and guidance's are Support other SOX and compliance related functions. Support and collaborate with Corporate Risk Management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Help review, align, and improve the Risk and Control Matrices (RCM) and ITGC Narratives across multiple Help internal stakeholders understand the risks and controls associated with their systems and applications. Coordinate external and internal audits including: Meeting internal stakeholders Preparing for walkthroughs Coordinating the collection and consolidation of ITGC evidence Evaluating the adequacy of evidence Responding to findings and recommendations Support the monitoring of operating businesses compliance. Administer Corporate GRC tool (ex. RSA Archer) Following best practices, be responsible to (a) ensure that current IS policies, standards and guidance's are Support other SOX and compliance related functions. Support and collaborate with Corporate Risk Management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Support the delivery, evaluation, and continuous improvement of the IT General Controls (ITGC) SOX program. Help review, align, and improve the Risk and Control Matrices (RCM) and ITGC Narratives across multiple Help internal stakeholders understand the risks and controls associated with their systems and applications. Coordinate external and internal audits including: Meeting internal stakeholders Preparing for walkthroughs Coordinating the collection and consolidation of ITGC evidence Evaluating the adequacy of evidence Responding to findings and recommendations Support the monitoring of operating businesses compliance. Administer Corporate GRC tool (ex. RSA Archer) Following best practices, be responsible to (a) ensure that current IS policies, standards and guidance's are Support other SOX and compliance related functions. Support and collaborate with Corporate Risk Management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels 
ScrapedJobID1297:
Contribuer au renforcement de la sécurité du cloud AWS Participer à la conception de solutions cloud sécurisées qui tient compte de l’environnement existant (Azure, Splunk, MDO, MDE, MCAS, NGFW, etc..) au sein de l’organisation. Faire des recommandations quant à l’intégration des contrôles basés sur les principales composantes d’architecture de sécurité clouds AWS (Control Tower, Account factory, GuardDuty, Detective, etc.) Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité AWS et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Définir des architectures sécuritaire dans le nuage (cloud) Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Au moins dix ans d'expérience en technologie de l'information Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité cloud Expertise dans la conception et la mise en place d'architecture de solution sécurisées sur AWS Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc.. Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AZ 303, AZ500, AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis Contribuer au renforcement de la sécurité du cloud AWS Participer à la conception de solutions cloud sécurisées qui tient compte de l’environnement existant (Azure, Splunk, MDO, MDE, MCAS, NGFW, etc..) au sein de l’organisation. Faire des recommandations quant à l’intégration des contrôles basés sur les principales composantes d’architecture de sécurité clouds AWS (Control Tower, Account factory, GuardDuty, Detective, etc.) Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité AWS et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Définir des architectures sécuritaire dans le nuage (cloud) Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Au moins dix ans d'expérience en technologie de l'information Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité cloud Expertise dans la conception et la mise en place d'architecture de solution sécurisées sur AWS Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc.. Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AZ 303, AZ500, AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis 
ScrapedJobID1298:
Degree/Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 4+ years of Information Security experience, ideally within a software company, adhering to security compliance efforts Technical background in areas such as system infrastructure, SysOps/SecOps, etc. ideally within both Windows and Linux environments Experience with security compliance standards such as SOC2 and/or ISO27001 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1299:
Creating RFC for incidents and maintenance requests properly aligning with our release calendars and embargo periods Communicating to our stakeholders on incidents, scheduled outages, and releases Creating internal and external service requests and following up until resolution Work collaboratively with our different downstream owners and support groups at various capacities in analyzing and resolving incidents (SSO, EFT, system outages, security) following IT processes (Change/Incident Management, Cyber Security, Management Approvals, etc.) Support and consider configuration management, security, quality control in designs/implementations Support our developers in functional knowledge, analysis and testing capacity in troubleshooting issues or any enhancements Support Integrations between Oracle HCM and other applications like Timekeeper, employee benefits providers, Pension, Total rewards, Discounts, company active directory etc. Create, update and monitor batch processing on our SaaS applications Facilitate meetings and JAD sessions with various IT groups, HR functional and business partners to understand requirements and processes and translate them into technical requirements Conduct and support ITQA/functional teams in test planning and functional/system testing Facilitate the review and prototyping sessions on SaaS product upgrades Identify project scope, estimate efforts and duration to complete tasks Design and assist with IT process improvements to ensure quality and quantity of work being delivered Managing technical aspects of application software (GUI, SSO, user interfaces, and third-party components, server bounce, restart) Configure, build and personalized Oracle HCM views, workflows, BI Reports, HCM extracts, Fast Formulas Work closely on a timely basis with functional teams in supporting BAU activities from onboarding, generating system ids to payroll, benefits, etc. 5+ years of technical experience on various Oracle HCM Cloud modules (Core HR, Benefits, Payroll, Absence, Self-Service, Absence Management) Proficient in Oracle Cloud HCM application architecture Expertise in HCM Data Loader, Spreadsheet Loader Expertise in OTBI, BI Publisher, HCM Extract Expertise in Oracle Cloud Fast Formulas – HCM, Payroll, Benefits, Comp Expertise in SQL, PL/SQL, HRMS API’s, EBS Fast Formulas Experience with software development support tools (e.g., JIRA, HP ALM etc.) Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science Must have strong problem solving and analytical skills Extremely detail-oriented, and able to produce accurate, precise work under minimal supervision and tight deadlines Strong time management skills and attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent written and oral communication as well as project management skills Knowledge of SOA or Oracle Integration Cloud would be an asset Knowledge of Kronos would be an asset Knowledge of SuccessFactors (eBiz/LMS) would be an asset Knowledge in WIM would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1300:
Overall day to day supervision of the operation team (L1-L2-L3) Acts as the escalation point during working hours as required Support as a SOC representative for community outreach activities for talent recruiting Ensure client requests and projects are completed within approved SLA Responsible for maintaining a list of member certifications and perform regular follow ups to ensure validity of certifications Compose and present to member annual evaluations Participate and assist in leading team weekly OPS meetings Review schedule for member vacation request to ensure proper coverage Tracking of member training plans for professional development Member timesheet approval Point of contact for member emergencies or sick days Stay current with the tools and technology the team employs with our clients Research, consultation with colleagues and training to maintain awareness of trends in new security threats, technologies and regulations. Take tool training from vendors and help to train the team Ensure team communications to client (and internal) are professional and technically accurate. Assist and recommend improvement to standard operation procedure exploited by the team Help in the creation of service improvements and cost saving steps Bachelor's degree in Computer Science and/or other relevant security certifications (CISSP, CISM, CISA, CCSP, GCIH, GIAC, OSCP,OSEE, GREM); Consistent record as a tech lead or people manager; In-depth experience working in SIEM technologies and tactics (SANS, Splunk, LogRhythm, Qradar, etc.); Formal security models such as MITRE ATT&CK or CIS Critical Security Controls; Strong background in security incident handling, and threat intelligence; Experience with other various technologies implemented in a SOC environment: EDR; IDS/IPS, Ant Virus, network- and host-based firewalls, data leakage protection (DLP), Web proxies, etc; Understanding of basic networking protocols such as IP, DNS, HTTP, FTP, SMTP, etc., and the OSI model. 
ScrapedJobID1301:
Ensure that risk considerations are considered at each stage of the system development life cycle (SDLC) Assess the risk posture of one or more business units Produce, maintain and communicate indicators (progress, performance, risk, etc.) Proactively propose solutions to reduce the risk of potential failures Use your judgement, based on existing policies and industry best practices, recommend application and network security measures. Collaborate with several key stakeholders (IT architects, analysts, BISO, IT Risks and of course our various business lines) A bachelor's degree in a related field and 5 to 10 years of relevant experience. Minimum 2–5 years of experience in information security (authentication, authorization, access control, audit, cryptography, etc.). Strong knowledge of the processes for integrating security assessments into the enterprise life cycle (servers, workstations, applications, network components, etc.). Team spirit, good interpersonal and communication skills and focus on customer service. Ability to explain risk to different audiences (technical and non-technical professionals). Professional IT certifications (CISSP, AWS, CISM, CISA, CRISC, GIAC or other equivalent certifications). Experience within a large and complex organization (exemple: Banking industry). Excellent knowlodge of the industry best practices Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and family assistance program Preferred banking services Volunteer program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID1302:

ScrapedJobID1303:
Provide leadership and mentorship to the security team Ensure operational security issues are addressed within acceptable service levels Manage security-related incidents and provide a thorough post-event analysis Build and maintain a strong working relationship with peers/management to translate business requirements to deliver on project and operational objectives Work closely with CI’s IT department on corporate technology solution development to fully secure information systems Ensure a robust security architecture is implemented for projects Define, implement and maintain corporate security policies, standards and procedures Update and upgrade security technologies as needed Perform risk analyses and security assessments. Risk assessment performed will effectively balance security and business requirements. Manage security vendors and ensure service levels are met Prepare cost estimates for security initiatives and support the budget process Assist with contract negotiation with service providers Provide security reporting Update job knowledge by understanding emerging security practices and standards Experience in planning, organizing, and deploying Information Security technologies 4+ years managing a team 7+ years in progressive security related positions Thorough knowledge of:
Windows and UNIX operating systems
Perimeter security controls – firewall, IDS/IPS, network access control and network segmentation
Router, switch and VLAN security; wireless security
EDR tools
Cloud security concepts Windows and UNIX operating systems Perimeter security controls – firewall, IDS/IPS, network access control and network segmentation Router, switch and VLAN security; wireless security EDR tools Cloud security concepts Security concepts related to DNS, routing, authentication, VPN, proxy services and DDOS mitigation technologies Risk assessment procedures, policy formation, role-based authorization methodologies, authentication technologies and security attack pathologies Practices and methods of IT strategy, enterprise architecture and security architecture Network security architecture development and definition Knowledge of third party auditing and cloud risk assessment methodologies University or College level degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security or a related field. CISSP CISM Recognition & Compensation Training & Development Health & Well-being Communication & Feedback 
ScrapedJobID1304:
Google Workspace, BetterCloud, GAM, Mosyle, O365, Meraki, Unifi, Darktrace, Freshdesk, Procore, DocuSign, Keeper, GCP, AWS, Yardi, Concur, Dayforce, Jostle, KnowBe4, Acrobat A Bachelor’s degree or certificate from an accredited college or university in Computer Science or technology, or a business degree with a focus on Information Systems or a closely related field. A minimum of five (5) years of progressively responsible experience working with digital technology in hospitality, seniors living, office, or retail environments. Deep knowledge of Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Chrome. Google Workspace, Procore, DocuSign experience. JavaScript (Google Apps Script), Python, Bash, or other scripting experience. Familiarity with SSO (SAML, SCIM), MFA/2FV, AppSheet, BigQuery Proven ability to effectively communicate complex technological concepts to non-technical people in an understandable manner, both orally and in writing. Knowledge of general office procedures and practices, business English and accounting, computer programming, personal computers. Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and concisely, orally and in writing; to establish and maintain effective and courteous relationships with other employees and other business contacts; and to deal effectively with situations that require tact and diplomacy, yet assertiveness. Creative problem solver, able to use initiative and resources to synthesize information and find solutions. Demonstrated ability to learn new digital skills and to acquire expertise with new digital platforms. Ability to triage an issue and manage competing priorities from multiple sources. Has own vehicle and a valid drivers licence. 
ScrapedJobID1305:
Maintenir en condition opérationnelle les infrastructures de gestion de la sécurité en diagnostiquant les pannes et les défaillances et en y remédiant lorsque requis; Veiller à la haute disponibilité de l'ensemble des composantes de sécurité réseau en vue d’assurer la disponibilité des services; Prendre en charge les demandes de services provenant du centre d’assistance technologique pour les demandes de niveaux 2 et 3; Assurer quotidiennement la vigie et la surveillance des périmètres de sécurité de l’environnement technologique et des différentes applications de mission; Assurer une maintenance évolutive et corrective en fonction des grandes évolutions technologiques (notamment les changements de versions) et assurer un support technique de second niveau; Appliquer les correctifs de sécurité; Optimiser les performances des systèmes; Collaborer aux projets d’architecture et de développement des TI en développant des indicateurs de qualité et performance lorsque requis; Être disponible à l’extérieur des heures de bureau pour effectuer un support technique ponctuel ou planifié, en fonction des besoins; Réaliser des mandats d’amélioration technologiques et fournir des conseils experts au besoin. Posséder cinq (5) années d’expérience en exploitation de la sécurité informatique, incluant la gestion des VPN et des passerelles de filtrage des accès à internet; Avoir une expérience dans l'administration des coupe-feux Fortigate, Checkpoint ou Cisco ASA; Posséder une expérience dans l'administration des répartiteurs de charge F5 BigIP ou l'équivalent; Démontrer de l’expérience en administration des coupe- feux applicatifs (WAF); Avoir réalisé deux (2) mandats dans un environnement de sécurité technologique de complexité et d’envergure similaire; Avoir réalisé deux (2) mandats nécessitant une participation au processus de gestion d'incidents et de problèmes; Avoir réalisé un (1) mandat nécessitant la réalisation de chacun des biens livrables suivants : guide d’exploitation, plan d'implantation ou de mise en opération et demande de changement; Posséder de l’expérience en sécurité infonuagique; Avoir un très bon français. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1306:

ScrapedJobID1307:
You will conduct detailed third-party supplier technology resiliency risk assessments and ensure that technology resiliency due diligence are recorded in enterprise tools and are in full compliance of defined policies and common standards, including the Bank’s Global Third Party Risk Management Policy. You will evaluate technology resiliency controls and contract language to ensure the Bank’s third parties maintain a technology resiliency posture aligned with industry best practices and our internal controls. You will develop a detailed understanding of the Bank’s Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) program, practices, and priorities, specifically as it relates to Technology Resiliency. You will work with Contract Owners, vendor management offices, and sourcing teams to ensure the Bank’s technology resiliency requirements are met through the contracting process. You will identify pervasive third-party supplier technology resiliency risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape, evaluate mitigating internal controls, and determine residual risks to the Bank. You will continuously identify opportunities to improve effectiveness and enhancements of technology resiliency risk identification, management policies and processes. You have solid communication (verbal/written) skills in English. Bilingual speaker in Spanish and English is preferred. You possess experience in information technology risk management either in an IT operations function, or as a control function (audit or risk management, etc.). · You are familiar with supplier management processes, such as experience establishing Statements of Work (SOWs), reviewing contractual language, or developing Service Level Agreements (SLAs). · You will become familiar with regulatory, legislative and industry requirements governing the management of technology systems and information for financial institutions (COBIT, NIST, OSFI B-10, PCI-DSS, etc.). Your past achievements have demonstrated ability to leverage collaboration and strategic influencing to achieve results. Throughout your career, you have demonstrated good ability to balance competing or conflicting goals with a good sense of urgency. We provide an excellent opportunity to drive technology resiliency improvements through effective third-party risk management across Scotiabank’s global footprint to Keep the Bank Safe and Amplify results. We have an inclusive and collaborative work environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We care about our people, allowing them to design how they work to deliver amazing results. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID1308:

ScrapedJobID1309:

ScrapedJobID1310:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1311:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID1312:
2+ years of demonstrable experience with AWS Guard Duty, Security Hub, WAF/Shield and AWS Config 2+ years of demonstrable experience in architecting secure solutions within AWS 2+ years of experience in AWS log analysis 2+ years of experience with network protocols and packet analysis tooling 2+ years of experience with Python or similar AWS supported scripting language 1+ years experience with securing application deployments in AWS 1+ years experience with Infrastructure as code tooling (Cloudformation, Terraform) 
ScrapedJobID1313:
Salaire attrayant! Bonification pour le travail sous horaire atypique (en $ + en congé compensatoire) Télétravail (avec possibilité d'aller au bureau sur Québec ou sur Montréal) Ordinateur fourni + allocation pour achat de matériel + allocation de cellulaire Assurance collective complète REER 3 semaines de congés + congé des fêtes Diverses formations gratuites + budget annuel de 1 000 $ pour d'autres formations Club social ++ trier, analyser, traiter et documenter (vulgariser) les menaces survenues auprès de clients récurrents de l'entreprise effectuer la surveillance de menaces auprès de nouveaux clients de l'entreprise 2 ans d'expérience en cybersécurité Bilingue anglais/français Plus vous connaissez d'environnements technologiques, plus vous marquez de points Certifications en TI (atout) langages de scripting (atout) Etre disponible (les incidents peuvent survenir à tout moment! Compensation intéressante!) L'usage du genre masculin est utilisé sans aucune discrimination et dans le seul but d'alléger le texte. 
ScrapedJobID1314:

ScrapedJobID1315:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID1316:
You will work directly with clients and team members to collect, analyze and document business requirements You will be a leader in translating business requirements into technical requirements You will write user stories in JIRA and document systems requirements in Confluence You will create SQL queries for data profiling Strong skills in data mapping, analysis, profiling, and an understanding of end to end data flow, data modelling and data lineage Experienced working with SQL Experience working with complex business logic for ETL Experience with data elicitation Experienced with developing work flow, data flow, data model diagrams and process flow diagrams Familiar with developing reports such as BRD, SRD, DRS Experience with Big Data concepts, working with Hadoop, Hive, Netezza Prior work experience in a bank or financial services industry a strong asset Experience with AML / Fraud / Cyber Security a strong asset You are an independent worker An excellent communicator not afraid to speak up You have a proven ability to work creatively in a problem solving environment Stakeholder management experience, able to work with multiple stakeholders with varying demands and requirements You have the ability to dive into data You love working with a team Experience with both Agile and Waterfall development methodologies Knowledge of customer and transactional business systems Monday to Friday Greater Toronto Area, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Business Systems Analyst: 3 years (required) Banking: 2 years (required) Big Data / Hadoop: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1317:
Identify risks related to IT business processes and assess management’s response to risk, including avoidance, acceptance and mitigation Measure risks associated with complex IT requirements and provide recommendations for resolution Coordinate with audit and compliance teams with process changes/updates Develop or participate in the development of Key Risk Indicators and monitor compliance Report on quality of risk management measures and present findings to appropriate client stakeholders Undergraduate university degree, preferably in Computer Science or Information Systems Professional certification desired (CISA, CISSP, CISM). For the Ottawa market, a university degree and one of the aforementioned certifications are mandatory Demonstrated experience in risk management and information systems Understanding and/or experience in industry-accepted risk management methods (e.g., NIST) Experience in identifying risks, presenting these risks, and providing resolutions or steps for mitigation Good communication skills and the ability to facilitate meetings and gain consensus for decisions Strong oral and relationship skills are essential to interact effectively with clients Demonstrated skills in report writing are essential, along with effective presentation abilities Candidates must have a consultative nature, with solid managerial skills in building client relationships and managing projects Candidates must be self-motivated in order to work independently We require individuals who have a commitment to providing excellence in client service, with a sense of responsibility and maturity to listen to client business issues, think through a situation, consider alternative solutions, and suggest practical actions Comfortable with Microsoft suite products i.e., Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio and Project For the Ottawa market, Federal security clearance is mandatory (at least Enhanced Reliability and ability to secure Secret or Level -2 clearance) Test design and operating effectiveness of ITGCs Interact with clients to manage receipt of information and delivery of completed testing within target timelines Documentation within the firm's documentation tool Professional designation an asset Government and public sector experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID1318:
Supervision des ingénieurs de quart, des techniciens et des membres de l'équipe de maintenance. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec toutes les équipes de soutien sur une base quotidienne pour assurer la direction de la main-d'oeuvre et les activités d'ingénierie planifiées pour soutenir pleinement les opérations. L'évaluation des compétences de l'équipe d'ingénierie et l'aide à l'amélioration et à la formation du personnel, y compris l'intégration de la maintenance de première ligne de l'usine et de l'équipement. Gestion et développement des processus du département, y compris les transferts d'équipes, les briefings et les rapports/résolutions de défauts. Rapports et suivi de la saisie des données pour les activités d'automatisation et de maintenance. Capacité à diriger de l'avant, à assurer la précision du rythme et des normes. Vous devez être familier et compétent avec l'ingénierie mécanique ou électrique pour permettre la prise de décision. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans la gestion d'une équipe de quart dans un environnement automatisé. Un baccalauréat en électricité et/ou mécanique de préférence. Une bonne capacité technique relative au matériel et au logiciel d'automatisation. Une bonne organisation et la capacité de planifier et de prioriser - un bon sens du détail, une bonne résolution de problèmes. Connaissance des systèmes MHE de préférence Excellentes compétences verbales et écrites en anglais et en français Expérience de travail avec des systèmes informatisés de gestion de la maintenance. Supervision of shift engineers, technicians, and maintenance shift members Working closely with all support teams on a daily basis to ensure direction of labor, and planned engineering activities fully support operation. Assessment of engineering team skills and assisting in upskilling and training of staff, including integration of first line maintenance of plant and equipment. Management and development of department processes; including shift handovers, briefs, and defect reporting/resolving Reporting and monitoring of data capture for automation and maintenance activities Ability to lead from the front, driving pace accuracy and standards. Must be familiar and competent with either mechanical or electrical engineering to enable decision making. A minimum of 5 years' experience managing a shift team within an automated environment. A bachelor's degree in electrical and/or mechanical preferred. Good technical ability relating to automation hardware and software. Well organized and the ability to plan and prioritize- good eye for detail, good problem solving Knowledge of MHE systems preferred Excellent verbal and written English & French skills Experience of working with computerized maintenance management systems. 
ScrapedJobID1319:
5+ years of project leadership and cross-functional coordination. Experience coordinating dynamic projects with geographically dispersed teams. Previous experience running software DevOps projects with Scrum or other Agile development methodology. Self-motivated with attention to detail and exceptional organizational skills with the ability to balance immediate and longer term tasks and requirements Strong presentation skills, ability to cater message depending on audience. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Knowledge and experience in the use of lean methodology Knowledge of the Scaled Agile Framework and how it is applied Knowledge of DevOps culture and principles CSM or PSM certification Implementation and use of Kanban Use and management of Jira and Sharepoint. Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1320:
Google Workspace, BetterCloud, GAM, Mosyle, O365, Meraki, Unifi, Darktrace, Freshdesk, Procore, DocuSign, Keeper, GCP, AWS, Yardi, Concur, Dayforce, Jostle, KnowBe4, Acrobat A Bachelor’s degree or certificate from an accredited college or university in Computer Science or technology, or a business degree with a focus on Information Systems or a closely related field. A minimum of five (5) years of progressively responsible experience working with digital technology in hospitality, seniors living, office, or retail environments. Deep knowledge of Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Chrome. Google Workspace, Procore, DocuSign experience. JavaScript (Google Apps Script), Python, Bash, or other scripting experience. Familiarity with SSO (SAML, SCIM), MFA/2FV, AppSheet, BigQuery Proven ability to effectively communicate complex technological concepts to non-technical people in an understandable manner, both orally and in writing. Knowledge of general office procedures and practices, business English and accounting, computer programming, personal computers. Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and concisely, orally and in writing; to establish and maintain effective and courteous relationships with other employees and other business contacts; and to deal effectively with situations that require tact and diplomacy, yet assertiveness. Creative problem solver, able to use initiative and resources to synthesize information and find solutions. Demonstrated ability to learn new digital skills and to acquire expertise with new digital platforms. Ability to triage an issue and manage competing priorities from multiple sources. Has own vehicle and a valid drivers licence. 
ScrapedJobID1321:
Plan, Design, Implement and Support key initiatives and projects within the cybersecurity program Manage and deliver or ensure delivery quality of Cybersecurity projects/initiatives practicing effective methodologies such as PMI, Agile and Lean as necessary Assess and continuously improve service delivery within cybersecurity program thru effective communications, lessons learned and risk mitigation Report on status, risk management, budget/cost, success criteria and reporting as required Define and implement key performance indicators for cybersecurity based on the services and security controls implemented Develop, implement, review and amend cyber security policies, procedures and practices Support education, awareness and training campaigns to ensure workforce are aware of cyber threats, cybersecurity policies, procedures and practices and appropriately informed of their responsibilities Education: Bachelors Degree in Business or IT or Computer Science, or equivalent Experience: 10+ years' project management experience in IT with 5 years' security experience in shared services and security project delivery involving transformation in risk/cybersecurity. Professional Certification: 1 or more related certifications such as: PMP, CISSP, CISA, CISM, CRISC Project management certification PMP preferred Seasoned PM with excellent project management, team building, analytical and problem solving skills Broad IT knowledge and Security relevance with cybersecurity threats, trends and technologies Project excellence spanning Governance, Definition, Planning, Project Management & Control, Financials and Close-out. Demonstrated experience in applying transformational change including Agile and Lean frameworks Proficiency in the use of tools and techniques, including risk assessment, business impact analysis, control and vulnerability assessments, used to identify business needs and determine control requirements Knowledge of and experience in developing and documenting information security project/program initiatives and plans, including strategic, tactical and project plans 
ScrapedJobID1322:
7+ years in IT with a strong focus in Security Experience with Azure Cloud Security including Active Directory, VPN, IAM, Single Sign-on and Database Security etc. Experience performing Threat Risk Assessments for Security Previous experience assessing security measures and creating assessment reports or new documentation on best practices Strong communications skills Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1323:
Day-to-day administration of numerous operating environments including joint responsibility for our production environment Assist cross-functional teams with daily web operations tasks You have appreciation for the practices of Site Reliability Engineering You will be a steward of the service life cycle for products and services offered by Benevity Deployment of code to numerous operating environments; installation and configuration of demo/production/training environments Troubleshoot issues that arise in web-based operating environments, document defects in JIRA, work with colleagues to resolve issues Assist with sourcing and testing infrastructure enhancements before deployment Support web operations workflow automation using configuration management and continuous deployment frameworks Apply service delivery best practices Be a great teammate You are a learn a lot, not a know it all Post-secondary diploma, certificate or degree in an IT-related discipline or the wherewithal to have obtained such things Comfort with an outrageous number of acronyms AWS architecture including but not limited to: EC2, RDS, ALB, VPC, VPC Peering, Multi-AR, EFS, EBS, Beanstalk, autoscale groups, direct connect, etc You know what the Well Architected Framework is and how it relates to EC2, S3, RDS, VPCs, NATs, and more 5-7 years Linux/UNIX systems administration experience, preferably in a LAMPJ environment Familiarity with CentOS/RHEL, Apache, MySQL, PHP, Java, Tomcat, Reverse Proxies, Firewalls/NAT, HTTPS, SSL Certificates, SFTP, FTPS, DNS, SMTP Experience in configuration, implementation, and maintenance of SaaS platforms A fierce passion for availability, reliability, and short MTTR Mastery with at least one scripting language (BASH, Perl, Ruby, etc.) We code on this team You know SQL and can debug MySQL and MS-SQL Databases (slow queries, traces, killing queries) Are familiar with the practice of Infrastructure as Code and have done infrastructure coding (ansible and terraform) Familiarity with monitoring and metric collection systems Familiarity with information security best practices and tools Familiarity with backup strategies and tools CMS experience, Drupal preferred Version Control Systems (Git) 
ScrapedJobID1324:
Primarily focused on design, development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Engaging the vendor (Forgerock) for product update, issues, and software concurrency. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 4+ year experience and having a deep understanding of security solutions and protocols such as: Forgerock AM & DS, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, Windows Desktop SSO, LDAP Authentication, Radius, TOTP, MFA, Cross Domain SSO, SAML 2.0, Cryptography Architecture, Keystore would be required. 4+ years experience with Cloud Development and working in an agile environment is considered essential. 4+ years experience with Linux, shell scripting and Tomcat. 4+ years experience with reviewing code, proper documentation, and having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Strong experience with architecture design. Strong experience with production troubleshooting and performance analyzing. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience with Spring Boot back-end development is strongly considered. Experience with React/Redux front-end development is strongly considered. Experience with Ansible is strongly considered. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your “stamp” as we are undergoing multiple exciting and forward thinking initiatives. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID1325:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1326:
A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; A fun and dynamic environment that welcomes diversity in all its forms, talent, ideas, and creativity; 8h day schedule; Vacation: 3 weeks upon hiring; Bonus: 5% of annual salary (if we reach our objectives); RRSP; Group insurance (complete range: vision, medication, life insurance, long-term disability, dental option); Free parking; Cafeteria inside the facility. Free products every 2-3 months or so + possibility to buy them; Referral bonus of $1,000 after 3-6-9 months Performs on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop issues for end-users; this includes software, hardware and peripherals support; Recommends and implements corrective solutions, for onsite and offsite users; Liaise with other IT groups within the organization or third-party support and PC equipment vendors; Installs, configures, tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end-user desktop hardware, software, and network peripheral devices and cabling; Responds to tickets assigned by the Help Desk system (Manage Engine Service Desk) and see to their completion. These tickets will come from users as well as other IT Teams; Liaises with desktop end users to provide training and support on all issues; Performs systems asset management, including maintenance of desktop and network device inventory; Participate in identifying infrastructure related issues; Sees to the application of corporate and local policies as well as the kdc/one IT Security Guidelines; Collaborate with the Systems Administrators (level 2-3 support) in optimizing the network management and supports the implementation of desktop and infrastructure projects; Performs other duties as assigned. DEC in computer science or BAC + 2 to BAC + 5; Minimum of 3 years of experience in IT support; Excellent technical knowledge of PC and office equipment including business desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, etc. ; Experience in supporting and troubleshooting hardware, systems and applications; Experience in supporting Microsoft Windows applications and the Microsoft Office 365 collaborative suite; Working technical knowledge of current protocols, operating systems and standards; Ability to use tools, components and peripheral accessories; Able to read and understand technical manuals, procedural documentation and guides; Fluency in French and English, both written and oral; Experience in an industrial environment (an asset); Knowledge of ITIL (an asset). Strong “customer service” orientation; Analytical and problem-solving skills, with particular attention to detail; Strong communication skills - ability to present ideas in friendly language; Well organized, methodical and good time management; Motivated and results oriented, with the ability to prioritize and execute tasks effectively in a high-pressure environment; Ability to learn quickly; Able to adapt and work in a constantly changing environment. 
ScrapedJobID1327:
Work under the guidance of the Coast Capital Savings management team to ensure alignment with the strategic corporate directives Work with enterprise architecture, enterprise project management office, and procurement teams to engage in proof of concept technology testing cycles, develop system test plans, and provide guidance on hardware and software configurations. Work with the enterprise architecture and procurement teams to creating and maintaining technology standards and configuration standards for Coast Capital Savings. Maintain up to date knowledge on enterprise technologies used in the financial and information technology sectors Document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies, as well as review vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness. Team members are required to create and maintain all documented workflows, standard operating procedures, designs, operational training, incident management, trouble shooting, lesson learned and change management documents in accordance with client's Information Technology procedures and policies. Provide integration, automation and lifecycle management to all platforms including enterprise class: servers, storage, converged devices, hyper converged services, interfaces, firewalls, load balancers, networking interconnects, security devices, encryption devices, monitoring technologies, automation/configuration solutions, and backup and recovery technologies. Perform regular maintenance and upgrades to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure optimized performance and compliancy to security standards Work with Business Continuity Planning and Architecture teams to create designs for backup and recovery services for all cloud and platform solutions to meet business defined disaster recovery objectives, responsible to implement, provide test plans and test schedules annually to meet regulatory requirements. Team members rotate as primary and secondary on-call for critical support to CCS’s cloud and platform solutions on a 7/24/365 basis. During emergency situations team members may be recalled to work at any time to meet the defined Business Continuance Plan and Disaster Recovery plans service level agreements. Provide health, performance, and alert monitoring services to all cloud and platform solutions to ensure a high quality systems integrity. To provide subject matter expertise during the planning phase of projects, to ensure all functional and non-functional technology requirements are met, as well as assist with multi-year scalability/capacity and Disaster Recovery planning. To document and execute procurement requests for corporate approved technologies on behalf of the project, also to review all vendor quotes to ensure that accuracy and completeness To provide subject matter expertise during the execution phase to ensure integration, automation and orchestration of new systems are completed on schedule To provide subject matter expertise during closing phase to ensure service transition documentation for hand-off to operations personnel for ongoing maintenance and support is completed. Implement and manage all cloud services and platforms to comply with CCS ITG security procedures and policies Coast Capital Savings has geographically dispersed offices, with regionally located teams. Team members will need to be are required to effectively collaborate and support all levels of the organization using technologies such as Business Skype, video conferencing, WebEx. May require travel for onsite meetings from time to time. Experience with DevOps tools including Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Kubernetes , Docker, and Git Strong knowledge and experience with Amazon ECS & EKS Strong knowledge of Amazon Web Services Architecture, System and Security Operations (Designing, building, deploying, testing) Working experience with AWS technologies, including EC2, S3, VPC, and lambda. Working experience with automated AWS deployments using CloudFormation or Terraform Working knowledge of Microsoft Infrastructure services including AD, DNS, SCCM, and PKI Ability to script with modern languages including Powershell, Bash, or Python Proficient with Bimodal (agile and waterfall) IT service delivery methodologies Strong interpersonal and communication skills to be a part of and support cross-functional teams, as well as the ability to speak to all levels of the company. Strong technical documentation, process documentation and design skills, ability to provide instruction on new workflows to cross-functional team members. Strong trouble shooting skills to be able to quickly analyze and resolve problems associated with banking service interruptions and focus on immediate return to service to maintain a high level end user experience. Exceptional time management and organizational skills with attention to detail Highly motivated and self-driven, capable of working with little instruction to resolve demanding tasks, with tight deadlines, as well as work with internal teams. Having a team player attitude with enthusiasm to engage in and support organizational activities. 
ScrapedJobID1328:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID1329:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures. Work closely with key stakeholders to prioritize requirements and communicate different messages effectively to different audiences. Liaison between business, operations, and technology and innovation teams to accurately gather, analyze, document and deliver business requirements. Perform needs analysis based on business requirements and ensure solutions being proposed meets the organizational and business goals. Participate project development activities including, but are not limited to, documentation of business value drivers, analysis/research of needs, gathering, documenting and updating business outcomes and conduct information gathering sessions. Development of concise and professional execute presentation material. Adapts to changing business priorities and business needs during active design periods; and ability to keep Requirement Definitions and other documentation updated accordingly. Bilingual Spanish is considered an asset. Bachelor’s or post-graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business or equivalent experience. Business Analyst with 5 years of Business Analysis or other equivalent strategic planning competencies. Project experience in complex environments, including cross-functional, international, or cross-organizational teams and stakeholders across multiple sites, including field operations, head office and regional offices. Knowledge of BABOK (Business Analysis Body of Knowledge) is an asset. Knowledge of TOGAF Exploration & Mining Business Capability Models and their use in digital strategy development is considered an asset. Mining industry experience is an asset, specifically in areas of mining, processing, maintenance and engineering operations technologies. Experience with IT technologies including industrial networking, software development, control systems, cyber security, industrial embedded hardware strongly desired. Industrial infrastructure experience is an asset. Familiarity with Mining or Natural Resources industry is preferred. Exceptional communications (verbal and written) skills including development of executive presentation material and business justification documents. Excellent analytical capabilities, problem-solving abilities and strong knowledge of business analysis techniques. Ability to work comfortably with a high degree of autonomy in an environment of fast paced change and a highly distributed team. Highly drive, effective, versatile and action-oriented. Proficient in the use of and other tools used to capture business processes and create road maps. Proficient in Microsoft Office tools (O365), SharePoint (Online), Visio, Teams. 
ScrapedJobID1330:
Contribuer à l'atténuation et à la résolution d'incidents liés à la sécurité. Réaliser des évaluations et des recherches sur les menaces, la vulnérabilité et les risques liés à notre environnement infonuagique multi-cloud SaaS. Collaborez avec l'équipe DLP pour identifier et activer les contrôles afin de protéger les fuites de données des applications Web et Cloud. Élaborer des procédures d’intégrations et d’opérationnalisations. Mettre à jours en continue la documentation du service. Création et gestion de rapport d’utilisation / statistique des différents services Cloud. Baccalauréat en génie informatique, ou un domaine connexe. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations et projets d'infrastructure. Un minimum de 3 ans d'expérience avec les services infonuagiques. Un minimum de 3 années d'expérience dans la mise en œuvre des outils et de technologies lies aux opérations de développement de la sécurité. Connaissances approfondies de la cybersécurité opérationnelle, des techniques de protection des données et de la sécurité infonuagique. Avec une Certification Cloud (Ex : AWS et/ou Azure Solutions Architect) et autres certifications liées à la sécurité comme CISSP et SSCP est un atout. Expérience en milieu de développement des opérations et en maintien de la sécurité dans les pipelines d'intégration et de livraison continues est un atout. Maitrise de l'interface de ligne de commande et/ou d'une langue de programmation, telle que Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ est un atout. Conception de Tableaux, d’alertes et de rapport via des outils comme PowerBI, Splunk est un atout. Esprit d'équipe et bonnes compétences en communication. Faculté à présenter avec aisance le projet à différentes ressources (Technique et non technique). Sens de leadership, responsabilités et réactivité. Grande éthique professionnelle et esprit pragmatique. Forte capacité à proposer des solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1331:

ScrapedJobID1332:
Comprehensive compensation and benefits package Amazing collaborative culture with little to no turnover, opportunity to work with an amazing group of professionals Always interesting and challenging projects on the go with great work-life balance Work for an excellent boss Planning, scheduling and leading complex audits concurrently, such as information security, IT general controls, systems conversions, and system developments. Designing and conducting analysis of data using automated tools, gathering source file needs, coordinating reconciliation of control totals and preparing data analytics for external auditors, regulators and business partners. Leading audits, coordinating fieldwork, delivering updates to senior management and providing coaching and technical support to the team. Consulting on corporate initiatives and monitoring large projects to provide feedback on risks and best practices based on business process, regulatory and technical knowledge CISA Certification Firm or Industry experience Insurance experience is an asset CPA or CIA is a strong asset 
ScrapedJobID1333:

ScrapedJobID1334:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel Participer à la gestion de la sécurité informatique et à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Mettre en place des solutions et des stratégies pour détecter les incidents potentiels en sécurité. Analyser les vulnérabilités et les menaces pour mettre au point des procédures d’atténuation ou de contournement. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Gérer les droits d’accès pour les logiciels et les systèmes d’information. Offrir une assistance de deuxième ligne à l’équipe de la Direction des ressources technologiques ainsi qu’auprès des usagers. Participer au développement des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches et des applications. Planifier et superviser l’implantation des projets et des applications informatiques. Installer, maintenir, gérer et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels) de réseautiques et de télécommunications. Effectuer les achats d’équipements et de licences reliées à la réseautique et les télécommunications. Installer, configurer et gérer les serveurs. Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe requise. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou avec un champ de spécialisation approprié ou détenir un diplôme ou une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Cumuler un minimum de quatre (4) années d’expérience à titre de technicienne ou technicien informatique ou équivalent. Détenir des connaissances dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder des connaissances en lien avec Windows Server et la programmation PowerShell. Démontrer des connaissances approfondies en lien avec l’infrastructure réseau filaire et sans-fil. Posséder une connaissance dans la gestion de pare-feu de la prochaine génération. Posséder des connaissances générales de certains concepts en sécurité (le modèle CIA, le modèle Zero-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Être titulaire d’une certification Cisco CCNA est un atout Détenir des connaissances de base en Linux ainsi que dans les outils de test d’intrusion est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 23.XX à 33.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé DEC 
ScrapedJobID1335:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID1336:
Avantages sociaux ; Salaire concurrentiel; Bonus de performance; Infrastructures de pointe; Environnement de travail humain. Point de contact technique pour les utilisateurs finaux et les parties prenantes concernant les problèmes et demandes de renseignements sur le réseau et l'infrastructure ; Travaille en étroite collaboration avec les chefs de projet, les développeurs et les analystes de système, assure la surveillance ainsi que le dépannage et la résolution des problèmes prioritaires, assurant la propriété, l'escalade et la communication du début à la résolution finale. Suivre les procédures d'exploitation standard pour maintenir le système mis à jour selon les priorités établies par les analystes de sécurité ; Surveiller le tableau de bord d'évaluation des vulnérabilités et identifier tous les risques ou dispositifs supplémentaires qui nécessitent une enquête et des actions supplémentaires Complète les résolutions des journaux par priorité ; Gérer et escalader le backlog ; Assure les meilleures pratiques et des conseils sur la gestion des incidents et la résolution des problèmes ; Surveiller la santé globale du réseau et de l'infrastructure (performances et temps de disponibilité) des environnements de production, de pré-production et de test du Cloud ; Effectuer des changements et des mises à niveau de configuration système de routine pour les opérations, les projets ou les besoins de sécurité ; Prend en charge les composants du réseau et agit en tant que membre de l'équipe de soutien (niveau 3) si nécessaire ; Peut faire partie du calendrier de rotation sur appel, en assurant la disponibilité au besoin les nuits de travail et les fins de semaine pendant les périodes de maintenance, les interruptions de service critiques ou les livraisons de projets. Diplôme d'études collégiales en technologies de réseau ou certifications réseau Expérience de plus de 2 ans d'expérience professionnelle pertinente dans un environnement d'entreprise multi-sites prenant en charge une infrastructure à l'échelle de l'entreprise (centres de données, virtualisation, stockage central, réseaux locaux, SD-WAN, WLAN, sans fil, VPN et pratiques de sécurité) Connaissances de base de l'infrastructure cloud Solide connaissance de l'infrastructure réseau Connaissance des concepts de sécurité connaissance des langages de script ou de programmation 
ScrapedJobID1337:
Agir à titre de responsable dans le cadre de projets, de mandats et d’activités de développement spécifiques à votre domaine de spécialité et dont l’envergure et les impacts sont importants pour l’entreprise et dont la portée peut être au niveau du Mouvement Conseiller et accompagner votre clientèle et vos partenaires dans le positionnement, la planification, le développement, le choix de solutions appropriées, la réalisation et les suivis relatifs à divers projets et mandats stratégiques sous votre responsabilité Cibler et analyser des problématiques et des enjeux de taille. Établir des diagnostics et faire des recommandations aux instances concernées Représenter la position dans le cadre d’ententes auprès de partenaires ou d’organismes externes. Être le gardien de la sécurité du respect des exigences et mesures de sécurité dans la livraison des projets TI. Travailler étroitement avec les Architecture Solution Intégration pour l'identification, la mise en place et le suivi des exigences de sécurité dans les projets Prendre en charge la documentation itérative des exigences et mesures de sécurité applicables aux projets en collaboration avec les architectes. Effectuer la reddition de compte de l'ensemble de la posture sécurité de projets, d'applications et des risques de sécurité auprès des instances exécutives Planifier, rédiger et présenter des analyses de risques de sécurité projets Avoir une vue et une maîtrise sur l'ensemble des activités de sécurité de son escouade de sécurité : Analyse de risque, posture sécurité des projets et des applications Prendre action avec le secteur lorsqu'un projet est en écart pour trouver une solution efficace et redresser la posture de sécurité 
ScrapedJobID1338:
Manage, implement & maintain high-level IT and Communications systems, including- Data Applications Computing Hardware Network Infrastructure Telecommunications Radio Communications Support Equipment Mining specialization systems Work on protecting data against loss or harm Work on Cyber security of all IT & Comms systems Work on data protection and privacy Minimize the disruption of system and work on improving the availability Support all users in using the IT systems Research and promote new technology initiatives and opportunities Work with suppliers and partners to support systems Coordinate activities in various projects support and technical requests Share knowledge of IT and Mine Operation Systems through documentation and peer communication. Build the knowledge of new and changing IT & Comms systems Attend Training courses as may be required Work towards achieving and delivering goals and objectives Maintain a safe, clean and organized work space Work with facilities and equipment in indoor, outdoor, and industrial environments Be available to work in other BC locations on IT and Comms services, if necessary Complete other relevant tasks, if necessary, under the guidance of the IT management Offer recommendations and observations for improving IT Services and systems Comply with the rules and regulations of the Mount Milligan and Centerra Gold Combination of education and certifications Expertise in at least two industry specialties Highly comfortable in interacting with others, of varying personalities, in person, on the phone and through using remote tools Capable of providing extended hours when required to meet deadlines Able to prioritize and work effectively while being adaptable and open to constant priority changes Calm and collected disposition in complex high pressure business situations Work effectively independently and in a team environment with a positive attitude Focus on safety and continuous improvement Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Valid Driver's license 
ScrapedJobID1339:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Advises and supports risk owners in day to day risk management activities and execution. Acts as a primary interface and conduit between the risk owners and other risk groups to lead the facilitation and execution of risk management activities. Identifies, assesses, prioritizes and reports on material IT risks for IT and aligned business areas. Assists risk owners in adhering to policies, frameworks, standards and guidelines through active engagement, guidance and counselling. Advises on the design of controls and remediation plans to mitigate risk. Problem solving skills needed to support interaction with stakeholders to identify risks, impact to the organization and solutions. Ensure that Operational and IT Risk assessments and outputs are recorded in enterprise tools and in full compliance of all policies and common standards, including the IT Risk Management Policy and Framework. Partners with other risk groups to assess, implement and communicate new/updated risk controls, frameworks, policies, risk indicators, metrics and limits. Identify pervasive IT risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape. Ensures implementation of a strong IT risk culture in partnership with the risk owners. Perform various types of data analysis work and prepare monthly / quarterly reporting for senior management. Monitor IT risk KPIs and KRIs within established tolerance. Providing guidance to risk owners, and escalation as needed to ensure timely remediation. 5+ years IT and risk management experience 3+ years IT and cyber security experience Strong communication and influencing capability supported by well-developed analytical competency Cyber security certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISM, etc.) Financial services experience Nice to have International and Canadian national regulatory requirements on financial services We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1340:
You are a self-motivated, self-starter that is hungry to learn and add value You should have passion for Automation, DevOps, Cloud, Security and a desire to pursue excellence. You’re always looking for ways to improve and change. You enjoy problem solving and analyzing information You enjoy working in agile environment and in large teams Design, Deploy and Support Dynamically Scalable, Available, Fault-Tolerant, Secure and Reliable Applications On-Premises and in the Cloud Engineer Secure Networking Infrastructure to support hybrid-cloud applications Evaluate, Design and Implement Secure Cloud Alternatives for Engineering Applications utilizing appropriate SaaS/PaaS/IaaS. Develop and maintain automation scripts as required for Configuration Management, Application Deployment, System and Network Infrastructure Provisioning, Monitoring, Alerting and Log Aggregation. Designing and implementing new network solutions and/or improving the efficiency of current networks Configuring firewalls, routing and switching to maximise network efficiency and security Investigating faults in the network Updating network equipment to the latest firmware releases Reporting network status to key stakeholders Installing, configuring and supporting network equipment including routers, switches, DNS and DHCP Establish, configure, test and maintain operating systems, application software and system management tools Support Data Center/Server Room and Cloud Operations: System Provisioning, Monitoring/Alerting, Network Configuration, Administration of Linux, Windows, VMware/vSphere. Knowledge of supporting cloud-based systems/applications on Azure/AWS/GCP etc. Plan and implement systems automation as required for better efficiency. Formulate and design the security system in place to maintain data safety. Oversee the constant availability of technical resources. Maintain and supervise the inventory. Ensure High-Availability of all Critical Applications while meeting or exceeding Service Level Agreements. Troubleshoot Complex Interactions in Storage, Servers, Networks and Databases in collaboration with other System Administrators and Technical Teams. Document all Infrastructure Processes and Procedures. Manage Network infrastructure: Cisco Firewall, Cisco Switches, Routers, controllers Implementation and maintenance of MDM solutions to manage company laptops. VOIP and Telepresence administration and support Understand the resiliency and security requirements to properly manage the infrastructure and the associated data and access controls Installation/configuration and administration of ETL Tools like Informatica, DataStage, Netezza etc. Bachelor/Master’s degree in computer science, Computer Engineering or equivalent Technical hands-on experience as a Linux/Windows System Administrator Experience with Network and System Security Administration, Including: Operating System Security Configuration and Account Management, Best Practices for Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu, RedHat), Window Server, Windows Clients, Microsoft Exchange, CISCO Systems. Technical hands-on experience with Network Administration, Automation and Monitoring. Hands-on experience managing Network infrastructure: Cisco ASA Firewall Device, Cisco Switches, Routers, controllers etc. Experience securing infrastructure with firewalls, IDS/IPS products and configuration of VPN between sites using IPsec as well as between users and sites Experience implementing best practices to enforce network and system security e.g., ISO 27001 specification standards. Knowledge of Infrastructure as a Code tools such as CloudFormation, Terraform or ARM Templates Experience working with orchestration and configuration management tools such as Ansible or Puppet knowledge of build/release systems, CI/CD pipelines, Jenkins, groovy pipelines Excellent Scripting skills with Python, Perl, Bash, PowerShell etc. Strong knowledge of IP routing, VLANs, Access Control Lists. Analyzing network data captures with tools such as Wireshark. Experience with managing/provisioning Employee laptops and implementing MDM solutions. Dental care Vision care Monday to Friday Experience securing Networking Infrastructure to support hybrid-cloud Information Technology: 7 years (required) Network & Security: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1341:
You have 8+ years of full software development lifecycle experience and still have a curiosity and malleability to learn new things (we are not tied to just one tech stack at Benevity) You have deep expertise in all aspects of software development and distributed systems. You are proficient in cloud-based architecture and automated release pipelines You value an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design You are happy to get fast feedback and are on board with trunk-based development, behaviour-driven development, and understanding how users use what you have built You take pride in quality and have multiple approaches towards testing Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems You are the go to person for consultation for design and thinking for work being contemplated or built as part of the product roadmap. You take responsibility for the technical vision and implementation You are aware of industry trends in secure coding practices and a strong advocate for continual improvement You are highly organized and able to coordinate multiple complex projects You practice effective communication and understand how to satisfy the needs of a variety of stakeholders You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading developers and helping them develop their technical skills and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You embrace the need for continual innovation to create better products and services You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience Familiarity with REST APIs and microservices Strong skills in Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Single Sign-On (SSO) Hands-on experience in Java, Python or PHP development Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities Experience with Laravel or Springboot Experience with continuous integration / continuous deployment Experience working in an agile environment AWS-specific experience would be highly desirable 
ScrapedJobID1342:

ScrapedJobID1343:
Deliver SRE-focused Technology roadmaps for given Products, in collaboration with Architecture, Application Development, Product Delivery, enterprise and infrastructure partners Embed SRE non-functional requirements in collaboration with architecture, development and across the entire product lifecycle; focused on improving customer experience and business benefit of the SRE Organization Lead and grow a highly skilled team of SREs; lead and mature annual SRE Academy across AppDev and Support teams; collaborate with local technology communities and make positive impact Implement AI / ML based predictive, preventative and self-healing full stack monitoring; implement centralized logging to enable incident triage and AI/ML Continual, proactive CyberSecurity and DevSecOps focus to harden systems and minimize risk End-to-end DevOps and QE Automation within an Productized Agile methodology; plan and deliver High Availability (HA) environment and DR solutions that exceed RTOs; plan and deliver Load tested, with known capacity thresholds, to provide business scalable systems Application performance planning, monitoring and tuning that exceeds key business process SLOs Proactively maintain technology currency; cloud-assess and migrate to enabled platforms, where possible; deliver and orchestrate solution re-use across the organization; key resource in problem management: RCA and solution go-forward process; update and maintain system design documentation; update and maintain SRE standards An engineering leadership mindset, strong communicator with ownership and drive B.S. degree in Computer Science or related technical field (e.g. EE, physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience and including: 10 + years professional coding experience in one or more of the following: C#, Java and mastery of one or more scripting languages for automating systems management, eg. Bash, Python, Ansible; 5+ years’ experience leading technology teams, including functional management; 4+ years professional Agile / scrum methodology and DevOps experience using UCD, Jenkins Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems as a developer and/or system administrator, with a deep understanding of Linux Operating System internals, Namespaces and Containers Experience with Kubernetes orchestration platform both as a programmer, and from operations perspective; experience working with DB/2 and SQL Databases Hands-on experience in a variety of SRE languages and tools (Ansible, Dynatrace Managed, Moog, PagerDuty, ServiceNow, GitHub, Slack, Elastic, Logstash, Kibana, Blue Prism, CatchPoint) Working knowledge of networking (e.g., firewall, routing, network topologies and hardware, SDN); working knowledge of web-based application architectures Strong communicator and collaborator Deep SRE Academy involvement and leadership MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field (e.g. EE, physics or mathematics) Management of SRE Teams Development, Cloud and/or SRE Certifications Development or operations experience with one or more of: large-scale systems cloud-based applications or services, both public and on premise distributed systems, microservices and/or scale-out database architecture security algorithms and protocols including encryption, authentication or packet inspection A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
ScrapedJobID1344:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1345:
As a member of a Global Support Success team, you will be instrumental in replicating complex customer problems, diagnosing possible causation, recommending remediation techniques, and managing level 2 to 3 customer interactions Provide mentorship to support peers and be a backup resource for the team lead This position will work closely with the global support teams, team lead, and core engineering teams to ensure effective cross communication between the team for customer issues and will attend team calls to free up the team lead to focus more on the daily management of the support staff Will work closely with product and program managers, customers, and third party vendors as necessary, providing support throughout the customer issue lifecycle Answer customers’ questions and troubleshoot and resolve customer issues with complex technical products over the telephone or via electronic communications in the areas of system configurations/setup, product functionality and bugs/enhancements/upgrades Advise customers, work to diagnose customer issues with Encryption products, and interpret logs and error messages as well as interrogate and understand the customer environment where the products are being used Recommend solutions and workarounds to known problems and provide advice to customers on how to apply the solution or workaround Provide guidance and support on how to use products with 3rd party solutions and supported integrations Reproduce previously unknown issues (if need be) and interface with the Client Services Product Champion providing the customer setup and steps to reproduce the issues Identify and document issues consistently and clearly using group tools Support implementation of hotfixes and patches to minimize risk of unexpected issues and insure that the fix resolves the customer problem 
ScrapedJobID1346:
Identifying, researching and troubleshooting technical problems, diagnosing Security and Network related issues. Assisting on, or leading investigation, analysis, design, development, implementation, operation and management of information systems Responding to all infrastructure queries and support in the investigation of security incidents Contributing effective solutions to challenging queries with patience and clear communications Supporting Level 2/3 escalation for production incidents and handle final escalations and communications Providing system utilization reporting, trending analysis and capacity plan Preparing and documenting standard operating procedures and protocols 3+ years of hands-on Security Support experience Self-starter with ability in taking responsibility to complete assigned work with minimum supervision Knowledge and preferred experience in the below areas: Office 365 tenant Azure AD Account Management Exchange Online Protection Intune (Conditional Access \ MDM \ MAM) Clients (Outlook, Outlook for Mac, IMAP, POP3, Mobile Devices) Permissions (Tenant \ SharePoint \ OneDrive \ Security & Compliance Center) Data Loss Prevention, Archiving, eDiscovery and Compliance Preferred PowerShell scripting skills Strong core foundation experience in fundamental cloud technologies and services (Azure, Google, AWS) In depth knowledge of best practices in the area of IT service management (i.e. incident, problem, and change) Create and update technical project documentation (i.e. technical and configuration runbook, implementation plan, etc.) Education at the bachelor level in Computer Science or equivalent technology related experience Knowledge of the Financial Services industry would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1347:

ScrapedJobID1348:

ScrapedJobID1349:

ScrapedJobID1350:
Quickly and effectively engage and win developed leads passed through from direct sales teams to market sources Develop and pursue sales strategies aimed towards finding net new business opportunities in your region Apply an in-depth understanding of sales methodology to address complex and strategic service solutions, project and procurement opportunities Either alone or working collaboratively with other sales, present Ricoh's IT Solutions and Services to potential clients Recommend and provide the client with the right IT solution for their evolving business requirements and/or needs Work with sales and management resources to achieve and exceed targets in selling IT Solutions and Services to new prospects Represent Ricoh IT Services when required to present at Go to Market events Provide thorough insight into the financial results and forecast of sales of strategic and complex services, project and procurement services. In collaboration with marketing resources, develop and support Go to Market campaigns Continually cultivate a deep understanding of technology services and trends. 5 - 10 year of sales experience with 3-5 years selling in the Managed IT Services and IT Project Services industry Proven track record in sales and service Desire and passion for sales/business development in the Toronto market Possess strong presentation skills and the ability to influence decision makers through demonstrated business acumen High level of business acumen, in order to have "business discussions with business people." Strong technical aptitude, with the ability to investigate, understand and communicate business outcomes in relation to technology decisions in the areas of -- Managed Services, Networking, IT Security, Strategy, Infrastructure, Cloud Solutions and Procurement. The ability to comprehend and then articulate technical jargon in easily understood terms A successful track record of exceeding targets and positive outlook with client and team success as the ultimate goal An effective communicator; you have the ability to express ideas clearly in multiple formats and present your ideas well Strong analytical, strategic thinking and negotiating skills Proficiency in MS Office Suite and CRM software Experience using LinkedIn as networking and business development platform Preference would be given to candidates fluent in French and English You work effectively individually or as part of a team with great interpersonal and consulting skills You have strong communications skills (oral and written) and are able to quickly familiarize with clients and their needs You have outstanding organizational skills with exceptional attention to detail You have excellent time management skills and ability to effectively work on multiple responsibilities simultaneously You enjoy technology and embrace learning and expanding your knowledge Requires a valid Ontario driver's license and reliable transportation (and auto insurance coverage per Ricoh's policy) Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Driving Licence (required) 
ScrapedJobID1351:
Un salaire competitif Un lieu de travail formidable avec stationnement gratuit, équipe dynamique, convivalité et cohésion. C’est proche des transports publics. conciliation famille - travail avec des heures de travail flexible et la possibilité de tele travail. Nous paierons une indemnité par mois pour toute activité sportive vous permettant de rester en forme et en bonne santé. Votre santé et votre bien-être nous tiennent à cœur ! Si vous travaillez dans un domaine spécifique régi par un Ordre, nous paierons vos frais d’adhésion. Ottawa: Nous payons le coût de votre régime d’assurance. Montreal: Nous payons 50% du coût de votre régime d’assurance. Des bureaux partout dans le monde avec possibilité de de mobilité Nous organisons beaucoup d’activités sociales Langue de la machine : Apache Spark/Scala & GoLang ou équivalents sont requis pour ce rôle. Bases de données : base de données de séries temporelles évolutives (Druid, Clickhouse), bases de données de documents (CouchDB, elasticsearch), Graph DB (Neo4j et autres) OS et cloud : déploiements élastiques et en cluster. L'expérience GCE, AWS, Azure est un atout (mais pas une exigence), Docker, K8s, VMWare, KVM, etc. Autre : De solides compétences en conception dans la réalisation de solutions logicielles évolutives sont définitivement un atout. Une expérience en apprentissage automatique et une formation en cybersécurité sont un atout. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Avez-vous de l'expérience avec Apache Spark/Scala & GoLang ou des équivalents ? Avez-vous de l'expérience dans l'utilisation de bases de données : base de données Scalable Time Series (Druid, Clickhouse), bases de données documentaires (CouchDB, elasticsearch), Graph DB (Neo4j et autres) ? Avez-vous de l'expérience dans l'utilisation du système d'exploitation et du cloud : déploiements élastiques et en cluster. L'expérience GCE, AWS, Azure est un atout (mais pas une exigence), Docker, K8s, VMWare, KVM, etc.? Atout : Vous possédez de solides compétences en conception pour réaliser des solutions logicielles évolutives ? Atout : Vous avez de l'expérience en machine learning et une formation en cybersécurité ? Oui 
ScrapedJobID1352:
Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO’s purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks & mitigation techniques for designated areas. Anticipates and reduces complexity for others. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Assists in the preparation of end-user materials. Plans and conducts third-party software analysis as needed for inclusion in the project solution. Gathers requirements and documents these requirements for use in various audits, reports, & projects. Participates in the creation of use cases and user expected results to ensure that software is delivered to end users with zero Severity 1 or Severity 2 defects. Works with project stakeholders to validate their requirements and analysis models via techniques such as reviews and walkthroughs. Ensures system specifications meet expectations/requirements, and negotiates solutions. Creates documentation to ensure the supportability of analyses. Maintains existing requirements to ensure that current-state needs are known. Develops and implements data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filters and “cleans” data, and reviews computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Remains alert to new techniques for insights, analytics, and data visualization, and devises new ways of applying them. Interprets data, analyzes results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes in the organization to improve overall efficiency. Facilitates discussions and follows a structured approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage requirements with stakeholders. Provides analytical support and insights. Identifies opportunities to strengthen business analysis capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across BMO. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 3 years of Fraud experience required. Prefer Risk & Control/Internal Audits highly desired. Experience setting up processes Self Starter Strong Technical Skills i.e. MS office Project Management Skills would be very helpful. Possesses analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Demonstrates applied knowledge of one or more analysis and problem decomposition technique. Understands complete Software Development Life Cycle and can apply the applicable portions of the ‘Feasibility,’ ‘Requirements,” and ‘Analysis’ phases. Demonstrates writing and documentation skills. Understands and can explain to others the core processes involved in their area of support. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1353:
Support processes for creating, maintaining, and evolving the portfolio of services Build enablement collateral to support other teams, such as sales and solution architects Develop and drive forward the public cloud roadmap with tactical and strategic initiatives Collaborate with key technology partners and the partner management team to ensure alignment between CDW Canada and partner initiatives Collaborate with Canadian leadership to set product release schedule to support corporate goals Provide guidance to the organization to meet customer goals using a data-driven approach Contribute to financial planning activities by forecasting performance and ROI for services in the development Empower sales and pre-sales teams through focused training on new products and services Measure and improve on the effectiveness of enablement activities Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ Years’ experience in go-to-market activities, product design, build or sales of IT services and solutions. Deep understanding of Cloud IAAS, and cloud-native services Broad technical understanding of enterprise data center technologies such as hybrid cloud infrastructure, data center architecture and design, data management technologies, data center security, and governance Understanding of the technology providers in the public cloud space Prior experience in IT Professional or Managed Services (Delivery or Pre-Sales) Proven ability to proactively collaborate, build relationships, and creatively solve problems Must be able to communicate effectively Demonstrated ability to simplify complex matters for a wide range of audiences Demonstrate solid attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy Ability to organize thoughts and ideas into understandable terminology. Ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Demonstrated ability to work independently with little direction 
ScrapedJobID1354:
Plan, Design, Implement and Support key initiatives and projects within the cybersecurity program Manage and deliver or ensure delivery quality of Cybersecurity projects/initiatives practicing effective methodologies such as PMI, Agile and Lean as necessary Assess and continuously improve service delivery within cybersecurity program thru effective communications, lessons learned and risk mitigation Report on status, risk management, budget/cost, success criteria and reporting as required Define and implement key performance indicators for cybersecurity based on the services and security controls implemented Develop, implement, review and amend cyber security policies, procedures and practices Support education, awareness and training campaigns to ensure workforce are aware of cyber threats, cybersecurity policies, procedures and practices and appropriately informed of their responsibilities Education: Bachelors Degree in Business or IT or Computer Science, or equivalent Experience: 10+ years' project management experience in IT with 5 years' security experience in shared services and security project delivery involving transformation in risk/cybersecurity. Professional Certification: 1 or more related certifications such as: PMP, CISSP, CISA, CISM, CRISC Project management certification PMP preferred Seasoned PM with excellent project management, team building, analytical and problem solving skills Broad IT knowledge and Security relevance with cybersecurity threats, trends and technologies Project excellence spanning Governance, Definition, Planning, Project Management & Control, Financials and Close-out. Demonstrated experience in applying transformational change including Agile and Lean frameworks Proficiency in the use of tools and techniques, including risk assessment, business impact analysis, control and vulnerability assessments, used to identify business needs and determine control requirements Knowledge of and experience in developing and documenting information security project/program initiatives and plans, including strategic, tactical and project plans 
ScrapedJobID1355:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Participer à l’analyse et à la validation des alertes relatives aux incidents potentiels en sécurité pour ce qui a trait aux courriels, à la réseautique, aux pare-feu, à l’Active Directory et à l’antivirus. Appliquer des mises à jour sur ou des méthodes de contournement sur des systèmes à partir d’une procédure établie. Participer à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Participer à la gestion de la quarantaine pour le service de messagerie. Fournir un support de première ligne aux utilisateurs confrontés avec des problèmes liés à l’utilisation des services informatiques. Développer des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches Installer, maintenir et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels_ de réseautiques et de télécommunications Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou d’une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Démontrer une connaissance dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder une connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows et de la programmation PowerShell. Détenir des connaissances générales en lien avec certains concepts de sécurité tels que le modèle CIA, le modèle zéro-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Posséder une connaissance de base en réseautique et dans l’élaboration des règles de pare-feu. Détenir une connaissance du câblage structuré est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base en Linux et dans les outils de tests d’intrusion est un atout. Démontrer des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 22.XX à 30.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé 
ScrapedJobID1356:

ScrapedJobID1357:
Résoudre des problèmes complexes en proposant des solutions adaptées à l’ensemble des besoins de vos partenaires d’affaires. Participer à l’analyse et réaliser des demandes de changement dans un environnement AWS. Travailler avec la méthodologie Scrum pour livrer les priorités du secteur. Être titulaire d’un diplôme d'études collégiales (DEC) ou l’équivalent et 3 années d'expérience; ou Baccalauréat et 1 an d'expérience. Expérience en développement Python. Expérience en devops, souhaitable. Expérience avec AWS, souhaitable 
ScrapedJobID1358:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels 
ScrapedJobID1359:
Intégration des solutions de scanning de sécurité. Sécurisation des différents processus du CI-CD (exemple : signature des images Docker). Collaboration (JIRA/Confluence). Gestion de code source (Git-Bitbucket). Serveurs d’intégration continue (Jenkins 2 avec concept de pipeline as code). Gestion d’artéfacts (Nexus, Artifactory). Rapport et tableaux de bords (SonarQube). Provisionnement (Ansible, Terraform). Plus d’outils de provisionnement et d’orchestration (Docker/k8s). 
ScrapedJobID1360:
As a member of a Global Support Success team, you will be instrumental in replicating complex customer problems, diagnosing possible causation, recommending remediation techniques, and managing level 2 to 3 customer interactions Provide mentorship to support peers and be a backup resource for the team lead This position will work closely with the global support teams, team lead, and core engineering teams to ensure effective cross communication between the team for customer issues and will attend team calls to free up the team lead to focus more on the daily management of the support staff Will work closely with product and program managers, customers, and third party vendors as necessary, providing support throughout the customer issue lifecycle Answer customers’ questions and troubleshoot and resolve customer issues with complex technical products over the telephone or via electronic communications in the areas of system configurations/setup, product functionality and bugs/enhancements/upgrades Advise customers, work to diagnose customer issues with Encryption products, and interpret logs and error messages as well as interrogate and understand the customer environment where the products are being used Recommend solutions and workarounds to known problems and provide advice to customers on how to apply the solution or workaround Provide guidance and support on how to use products with 3rd party solutions and supported integrations Reproduce previously unknown issues (if need be) and interface with the Client Services Product Champion providing the customer setup and steps to reproduce the issues Identify and document issues consistently and clearly using group tools Support implementation of hotfixes and patches to minimize risk of unexpected issues and insure that the fix resolves the customer problem 
ScrapedJobID1361:
Location: Etobicoke Job Type: Full Time Industry: IT Services Number of Vacancies: 2 1-5 years experience in IT support. Solid spoken French and English proficiency is a must. New learning (cloud or security or other IT related subject) in last 2 years is a must. Good understanding of IT concepts for networking, servers, client support. Specialty in an area would be a plus. (In cyber-security, networking, MDM, other) Have good ability to talk to clients. No 
ScrapedJobID1362:
Oversee and lead change management efforts and fulfill the Insurance Risk Management mandate with a deep knowledge of project management and delivery processes, reporting, risk challenge and monitoring As a valued partner to the business and other control partners ensure the business change management process meets all risk assessment enterprise frameworks and segment standards including new business product approval oversight requirements Facilitate a smooth transition, support and assist to steady state as updates and complies with change risk management standards Experience in change as it relates to technology deployment, technology testing, control testing, and reviewing business specific tools and applications for their reasonableness to mitigate risk Work closely with risk and control partners engaging in independent challenge and review accountable to profile delivery risk and change risk management monitoring For example, interactions with various corporate and business divisions not limited to: SSG-TPRM, Digital Channels, TRMIS, eTECH ORM, Cybersecurity, and Technology Solutions Leverage risk data and knowledge from other ORM programs and principles that assess risk such as KI, pRCSA, risk events, EBCCM, taxonomies and control assessments Knowledge in the banks major risk categories with the ability to provide guidance on the execution of independent change reviews; demonstrate ownership of the results and adjust tactics accordingly Special ad hoc initiatives that may be driven by industry external risk events or required by regulators Collaborate, protect the interests of the organization, and act as a brand ambassador, share deep knowledge and build team value - problem solve as required, stay on top of emerging issues, trends, and evolving regulatory requirements Previous relevant experience in technology solutions, operations and processes, control assessment and testing methodology, risk/control, and risk management is an asset with the ability to connect technology risk and business impacts University degree or certificate in related field Business, Risk Management, Technology oversight areas etc. Experience in VBA, Python or other programming languages (including emerging technologies/technical methodologies), project management, technology testing, technology management, and technology development considered an asset Exercise a high degree of credible judgement, able to articulate with excellent communication skills, complex issues into an understandable concise manner to provide value-add risk assessment challenge and review Superior communication, strong problem-solving skills, a self-starter, consensus-building skills to challenge and influence change Ability to work effectively with diverse groups to identify issues, reach consensus and implement workable solutions Ability to work in ambiguity, must be flexible to deal with changes in a fast paced and new environment, working closely with peers where subject matter expertise is required Strong analytical skills, including risk analysis, data analysis, and comparative analysis and elevate the results for executive's consumption High degree of personal initiative with strong attention to detail Change risk assessment Any time there is a change we will ask this individual to review the change, understand the change, and advise on the risk involved in the change Experience with change and risk experience within projects Critical Thinking 5 years of experience within change or risk (within projects) Strong written and verbal communication Previous banking or insurance experience Experience in VBA, Python or other programming languages Knowledge of and experience in Insurance business and bank systems an asset 
ScrapedJobID1363:
Develop IT strategy by working across the organization to understand the needs of the business Facilitate and manage the development of IT goals and objectives, translate the goals into short or long-term goals and deliverables that support the operations of IT services. Identify and implement best practices for optimizing infrastructure, reducing operations costs, and improving system performance to meet clients and critical processes service-level requirements. Inspire and install IT and security best practices based on industry standards such as Center for Internet Security (CIS), Manage global IT budget across multiple business lines to ensure technology adds the maximum value to help facilitate business success. Oversee and monitor all installed systems and adherence to defined infrastructure standards Provide direct leadership and mentorship to regional IT management in organizational, behavioral, and technical areas. Provide vision, guidance, and collaborative leadership related to technical infrastructure and IT initiatives across the organization, including but not limited to IT operations, cybersecurity, data integration, and software development. Research and recommend emerging industry technologies to maximize organizational and technological efficiencies and gain a competitive advantage. 10+ years of experience in IT, including at least five years in the role of Chief Financial Officer (CIO)/ Vice President of IT A bachelor/master’s degree in computer science, information systems, software engineering or another relevant field. A highly analytical, professional, and strategic thinker to drive innovation into business. Demonstrated experience in Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) in aligning IT goals with the needs of the business. Experience in organizations with established IT infrastructure and rapidly growing companies where systems and processes require new design, redesign, and implementation. Experience leading a global team that provides world-class IT and Cloud technology solutions in all regions. Knowledge of key and emerging issues, up and coming trends in the IT field, challenges and opportunities, standards, and effective practices in information technology (e.g. cybersecurity, risk management, vendor management, disaster recovery planning, data governance, etc.) Proven focus on internal customer satisfaction. Strong leadership with interpersonal communication skills to build a cross-functional relationship and the trust necessary to drive change. Understand core business processes and associated technology solutions. Certification in AWS/Azure Solutions Architect, Cisco Information Systems Security Professional (CCNP), Certified Information Systems Professional (CISSP), or Project Management Professional (PMP) is a plus. Développer une stratégie informatique en travaillant à travers l'organisation pour comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise Faciliter et gérer le développement des buts et objectifs informatiques, traduire les buts en buts et livrables à court ou long terme qui soutiennent les opérations des services informatiques. Identifier et mettre en œuvre les meilleures pratiques pour optimiser l'infrastructure, réduire les coûts d'exploitation et améliorer les performances du système pour répondre aux exigences de niveau de service des clients et des processus critiques. Inspirer et installer les meilleures pratiques informatiques et de sécurité basées sur les normes de l'industrie telles que Center for Internet Security (CIS), Gérer le budget informatique mondial sur plusieurs secteurs d'activité pour garantir que la technologie ajoute une valeur maximale pour faciliter la réussite de l'entreprise. Superviser et surveiller tous les systèmes installés et le respect des normes d'infrastructure définies Fournir un leadership et un mentorat directs à la direction informatique régionale dans les domaines organisationnels, comportementaux et techniques. Plus de 10 ans d'expérience en informatique, dont au moins cinq ans dans le rôle de directeur financier (CIO) / vice-président informatique Un baccalauréat/maîtrise en informatique, en systèmes d'information, en génie logiciel ou dans un autre domaine pertinent. Un penseur hautement analytique, professionnel et stratégique pour conduire l'innovation dans les affaires. Expérience démontrée dans la bibliothèque d'infrastructure des technologies de l'information (ITIL) dans l'alignement des objectifs informatiques avec les besoins de l'entreprise. Expérience au sein d'organisations dotées d'une infrastructure informatique établie et d'entreprises en croissance rapide où les systèmes et les processus nécessitent une nouvelle conception, une refonte et une mise en œuvre. Expérience à la tête d'une équipe mondiale qui fournit des solutions informatiques et cloud de classe mondiale dans toutes les régions. Connaissance des problèmes clés et émergents, des tendances à venir dans le domaine informatique, des défis et opportunités, des normes et des pratiques efficaces en technologie de l'information (par exemple, cybersécurité, gestion des risques, gestion des fournisseurs, planification de la reprise après sinistre, gouvernance des données, etc.) Concentration avérée sur la satisfaction de la clientèle interne. Un leadership fort avec des compétences en communication interpersonnelle pour construire une relation interfonctionnelle et la confiance nécessaire pour conduire le changement. Comprendre les processus métier de base et les solutions technologiques associées. Une certification en AWS/Azure Solutions Architect, Cisco Information Systems Security Professional (CCNP), Certified Information Systems Professional (CISSP) ou Project Management Professional (PMP) est un plus. 
ScrapedJobID1364:
Be responsible for contextualizing, prioritizing, assigning, monitoring and closing vulnerabilities. Receive and validate the results of vulnerability detection activities; Contribute to the establishment of remediation / mitigation plans for vulnerabilities; Follow up on the management of vulnerabilities with stakeholders; Ensure compliance with service level agreements for vulnerability management; Produce and ensure the quality of metrics relating to vulnerability management; Contribute to the drafting, maintenance and improvement of documentation in support of vulnerability management processes and procedures; Collaborate with stakeholders to optimize remediation of vulnerabilities. At least 2 years of experience in vulnerability management, Threat intelligence or in response to security incidents, or at least 5 years of experience in the IT field; In-depth knowledge of vulnerability management, infrastructure, application, and cloud security. Knowledge of Vulnerability Rating Systems (CVSS), OWASP TOP 10, MITER and NIST controls; Experience with vulnerability scanning tools such as those from Tenable, Qualys, Rapid7. Hold the CISSP or COMPTIA Security + certification (an asset). Demonstrate a sense of collaboration and teamwork; Demonstrate interpersonal skills (ability to influence and interact with stakeholders, to manage conflicts); Demonstrate excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills; Demonstrate a great sense of initiative; Demonstrate professional rigor and thoroughness; 
ScrapedJobID1365:
Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system Act as the main point of contact and expert in Vulnerability and Threat Assessment to the properties and network teams in order to offer solutions to new risks and threats cOversee zero-day vulnerability process including response to zero-day threats Act as main point of contact for firewall / network security review process; including remediation and / or risk acceptance of firewall vulnerabilities Oversee configuration management workflow and projects to improve and develop the process Oversee the discovery, evaluation, and implementation of vulnerability scanning, patch and configuration review, penetration testing, and malware detection solutions Present operating and steering committees for projects to senior management Develop and oversee annual roadmaps of initiatives to align with overall InfoSec and business objectives/strategy Develop and manage detailed vulnerability reviews and assessments, malware detection and analysis, and patching and configuration reviews: (1) Assess potential damage of security flaws and assist in the implementation of corrective actions; (2) Identify, document, and report security issues and concerns to management; and (3) Monitor corrective actions and recommending cost-effective preventive measures to preclude recurrences Bachelor's degree or equivalent business experience in Computer Science, Business Management, or MIS required Certified training in security management, risk and compliance solutions and practices. CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, CRISC, or related certification(s) required 5-10 years related information security experience Superior communications skills, both verbal and written Direct experience managing multi-faceted IT integration projects Working knowledge of process engineering and technical requirements generation in the user environment Experience with current concepts in project risk assessment, metrics generation and analysis and risk management Previous hands-on experience in an Information/Network Security Engineering role Thorough knowledge of network and security architecture design concepts Technical knowledge of business processes and procedures and underlying technical workings of system to support it Ability to maximize system to support business processes, recommend and influence business process change to maximize use of system 
ScrapedJobID1366:
Manage, implement & maintain high-level IT and Communications systems, including- Data Applications Computing Hardware Network Infrastructure Telecommunications Radio Communications Support Equipment Mining specialization systems Work on protecting data against loss or harm Work on Cyber security of all IT & Comms systems Work on data protection and privacy Minimize the disruption of system and work on improving the availability Support all users in using the IT systems Research and promote new technology initiatives and opportunities Work with suppliers and partners to support systems Coordinate activities in various projects support and technical requests Share knowledge of IT and Mine Operation Systems through documentation and peer communication. Build the knowledge of new and changing IT & Comms systems Attend Training courses as may be required Work towards achieving and delivering goals and objectives Maintain a safe, clean and organized work space Work with facilities and equipment in indoor, outdoor, and industrial environments Be available to work in other BC locations on IT and Comms services, if necessary Complete other relevant tasks, if necessary, under the guidance of the IT management Offer recommendations and observations for improving IT Services and systems Comply with the rules and regulations of the Mount Milligan and Centerra Gold Combination of education and certifications Expertise in at least two industry specialties Highly comfortable in interacting with others, of varying personalities, in person, on the phone and through using remote tools Capable of providing extended hours when required to meet deadlines Able to prioritize and work effectively while being adaptable and open to constant priority changes Calm and collected disposition in complex high pressure business situations Work effectively independently and in a team environment with a positive attitude Focus on safety and continuous improvement Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Valid Driver's license 
ScrapedJobID1367:
Process Management: you will collaborate across the Business Unit to develop processes and standards; implements new or revised processes/standards; monitors for compliance; and facilitates continuous improvement to ensure quality and efficiency, improve accountability and practices for internal control and oversight. You will ensure project delivery, intake, vendor and contracts management, and operational work adheres to documented and approved policies, processes, and procedures. Business Planning and Reporting: You will support the Innovation team in building its business plan; monitors progress against the plan; and reviews early drafts for holistic alignment to BU strategies and objectives. Internal Compliance Auditing: You will perform targeted audits within Innovation to ensure compliance with processes and standards. Report findings to the Manager, Controls and Governance, along with recommendations for changes in current practices and processes as required. Innovation Vendor Management: You will supports Innovation leaders and/or project leads during vendor engagement initiation and contract management; the degree of support will depend on your comfort level and familiarity with the process, and can range from a general check for completeness to full guidance and review. You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or equivalent of education and experience You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant work experience in technology teams supporting projects in the project manager and/or business analyst capacity. You are familiar with MS Office tools, including Visio and Project. Certification/training such as ITIL, PMP, OCM is a strong asset. You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID1368:
Collaborate directly with clients to identify and address their needs through building, maintaining and utilizing solid networks of client relationships and community involvement Understand client's business including IT general and process controls; communicating the value propositions of a broad range of Firm services to the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner and being recognized and respected by clients as a knowledgeable valued professional Facilitate staff as they evaluate internal controls design; identify key risks and controls, develop and or review audit programs, benchmark financial and operational processes and controls as well as perform controls optimization Manage the creation of high quality deliverables to communicate to clients on the status of engagements, key issues and work plans Use available technical resources/tools to research; expand knowledge to enhance work product, significantly contribute to business development efforts to remain up to date on client and firm hot topics while sharing the knowledge amongst the team where applicable Act to resolve issues which prevent effective team working, even during times of change and uncertainty. Coach others and encourage them to take ownership of their development. Develop a perspective on key global trends, including globalisation, and how they impact the firm and our clients Focus on building trusted relationships Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences, developing and coaching diverse teams, and ensuring diverse perspectives are heard Minimum of 6 years of experience within IT General Controls Bachelor's degree in a related business or IT field CPA and/or CISA is an asset Experience in providing assurance services across a range of IT areas including IT General Controls (ITGC) and SOC reporting Experience in advising across a range of IT areas, such as IT governance, IT service management, IT management processes, vendor and contract management, IT capability, assessments, IT support and operational processes, and ISO 27001 certification is an asset Experience with Business process controls is an asset Experience in evaluating current state processes, internal controls and testing methodologies, developing future state designs, and leading implementation of new ways of working Bilingual proficiency in French and English; Fluency in a third language, including, but not limited to, Italian, Mandarin or Hebrew is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1369:
Oracle 3900 SBCs, Oracle ECB Asterisk 18 leveraging PJSIP, AMI and ARI Noble Systems, 3CX Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection and Expressways Rightfax (Fax to email and email to Fax solutions) Evoko Tablets Synergysky and Pexip Monitoring Tools: Oracle EOM, Web homer Cisco SPA 504G Phones Polycom VVX phones Cisco ATA 191, SPA 112 Mediatrix 4104, 4104 Plus Gigaset C530IP/C610IP and Yealink W53P Experience with configuration/provisioning of VoIP endpoints from various manufacturers like Cisco, Polycom, Yealink and Snom Cisco 7841, 8841 and Cisco Telepresence solutions DX 80 Design/Implementation/Manage various Tier 1/Tier 2 sip providers from Canada (Bell SIPT), US (Verizon TSO) and Voxbone Support and Maintain VoIP solutions on RHEL 8.3 and Debian 9 based systems Perform advanced troubleshooting tasks for VoIP calls Good understanding of traditional telephony – FXO, FXS interfaces Good understanding on MOS Scores for VoIP Calls Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer to pull VoIP traces and sharing them accordingly with various third party carriers/vendors. Support MDM solution like JAMF Basic SQL queries to run call reports.. Owns key initiatives and drives through completion Occasional travel might be required… Minimum of 3 years' experience (networking and VoIP) required, 5 years preferred Working knowledge of TCP/IP Strong Knowledge of SIP, H323, RTP, SRTP, RTCP Protocols Knowledge of Linux (RHEL, Debian): Security, Bash, TCP/IP, High Availability, Package management (yum, dnf, apt) Experience with Asterisk (AGI, ARI, AMI), Elastix.. Programming skills in bash, php, perl, python Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude, work well in teams A commitment to customer service and great attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications or equivalent work experience DCAP Certification desired CCNA Collaboration Certification Oracle Communications Session Border Certification desired Ability to troubleshoot systems issues in real time, without causing additional downtime. Proven Telecom experience with VoIP protocols. Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer. Excellent communication and customer service skills, including the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Knowledge of UNIX and Linux systems is a plus. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID1370:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1371:
You will conduct detailed third-party supplier technology resiliency risk assessments and ensure that technology resiliency due diligence are recorded in enterprise tools and are in full compliance of defined policies and common standards, including the Bank’s Global Third Party Risk Management Policy. You will evaluate technology resiliency controls and contract language to ensure the Bank’s third parties maintain a technology resiliency posture aligned with industry best practices and our internal controls. You will develop a detailed understanding of the Bank’s Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) program, practices, and priorities, specifically as it relates to Technology Resiliency. You will work with Contract Owners, vendor management offices, and sourcing teams to ensure the Bank’s technology resiliency requirements are met through the contracting process. You will identify pervasive third-party supplier technology resiliency risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape, evaluate mitigating internal controls, and determine residual risks to the Bank. You will continuously identify opportunities to improve effectiveness and enhancements of technology resiliency risk identification, management policies and processes. You have solid communication (verbal/written) skills in English. Bilingual speaker in Spanish and English is preferred. You possess experience in information technology risk management either in an IT operations function, or as a control function (audit or risk management, etc.). · You are familiar with supplier management processes, such as experience establishing Statements of Work (SOWs), reviewing contractual language, or developing Service Level Agreements (SLAs). · You will become familiar with regulatory, legislative and industry requirements governing the management of technology systems and information for financial institutions (COBIT, NIST, OSFI B-10, PCI-DSS, etc.). Your past achievements have demonstrated ability to leverage collaboration and strategic influencing to achieve results. Throughout your career, you have demonstrated good ability to balance competing or conflicting goals with a good sense of urgency. We provide an excellent opportunity to drive technology resiliency improvements through effective third-party risk management across Scotiabank’s global footprint to Keep the Bank Safe and Amplify results. We have an inclusive and collaborative work environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We care about our people, allowing them to design how they work to deliver amazing results. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID1372:

ScrapedJobID1373:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1374:
Creating RFC for incidents and maintenance requests properly aligning with our release calendars and embargo periods Communicating to our stakeholders on incidents, scheduled outages, and releases Creating internal and external service requests and following up until resolution Work collaboratively with our different downstream owners and support groups at various capacities in analyzing and resolving incidents (SSO, EFT, system outages, security) following IT processes (Change/Incident Management, Cyber Security, Management Approvals, etc.) Support and consider configuration management, security, quality control in designs/implementations Support our developers in functional knowledge, analysis and testing capacity in troubleshooting issues or any enhancements Support Integrations between Oracle HCM and other applications like Timekeeper, employee benefits providers, Pension, Total rewards, Discounts, company active directory etc. Create, update and monitor batch processing on our SaaS applications Facilitate meetings and JAD sessions with various IT groups, HR functional and business partners to understand requirements and processes and translate them into technical requirements Conduct and support ITQA/functional teams in test planning and functional/system testing Facilitate the review and prototyping sessions on SaaS product upgrades Identify project scope, estimate efforts and duration to complete tasks Design and assist with IT process improvements to ensure quality and quantity of work being delivered Managing technical aspects of application software (GUI, SSO, user interfaces, and third-party components, server bounce, restart) Configure, build and personalized Oracle HCM views, workflows, BI Reports, HCM extracts, Fast Formulas Work closely on a timely basis with functional teams in supporting BAU activities from onboarding, generating system ids to payroll, benefits, etc. 5+ years of technical experience on various Oracle HCM Cloud modules (Core HR, Benefits, Payroll, Absence, Self-Service, Absence Management) Proficient in Oracle Cloud HCM application architecture Expertise in HCM Data Loader, Spreadsheet Loader Expertise in OTBI, BI Publisher, HCM Extract Expertise in Oracle Cloud Fast Formulas – HCM, Payroll, Benefits, Comp Expertise in SQL, PL/SQL, HRMS API’s, EBS Fast Formulas Experience with software development support tools (e.g., JIRA, HP ALM etc.) Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science Must have strong problem solving and analytical skills Extremely detail-oriented, and able to produce accurate, precise work under minimal supervision and tight deadlines Strong time management skills and attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent written and oral communication as well as project management skills Knowledge of SOA or Oracle Integration Cloud would be an asset Knowledge of Kronos would be an asset Knowledge of SuccessFactors (eBiz/LMS) would be an asset Knowledge in WIM would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1375:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) * VMWare & SAN technologies: 3 years (required) Linux (predominantly CentOS): 5 years (required) * Firewall/Nokia and Checkpoint technologies: 3 years (required) Perl, PHP, BASH scripting and knowledge of Java: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1376:
As a member of a Global Support Success team, the Sr. Client Services Engineer will be instrumental in replicating complex customer problems, diagnosing possible causation, recommending remediation techniques, and managing level 2 to 3 customer interactions. In addition, Sr. Technical Support Engineer will provide mentorship to support peers and be a backup resource for the team lead. The primary focus of this positon is to assist with defining methodologies and processes that will improve the overall management of customer reported problems to the greatest degree possible. The Sr. Client Services Engineer must be able to work under minimal supervision. This position will work closely with the global support teams, team lead, and core engineering teams to assure effective cross communication between the team for customer issue and will attend team calls to free up the team lead to focus more on the daily management of the support staff. The Sr. Technical Support Engineer will also work closely with product and program managers, customers, and third party vendors as necessary, providing support throughout the customer issue lifecycle. Answer customers' questions and troubleshoot and resolve customer issues with complex technical products over the telephone or via electronic communications in the areas of system configurations/setup, product functionality and bugs/enhancements/upgrades. Advise customers, work to diagnose customer issues with client Encryption products, and interpret logs and error messages as well as interrogate and understand the customer environment where the products are being used. Recommend solutions and workarounds to known problems and provide advice to customers on how to apply the solution or workaround. Provide guidance and support on how to use client products with 3rd party solutions and supported integrations. Reproduce previously unknown issues (if need be) and interface with the Client Services Product Champion providing the customer setup and steps to reproduce the issues. Identify and document issues consistently and clearly using group tools. Support implementation of hotfixes and patches to minimize risk of unexpected issues and insure that the fix resolves the customer problem. Active Directory and LDAP based directories. RADIUS authentication and authorization traffic flow (IAS/NPS) Ability to analyze sniffer traces and be able to resolve routing and firewall issues. Networking skills like following but not limited to: TCPIP, knowledge of routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) MS Windows Server and Linux 5-7 years experience VMWARE SERVER 
ScrapedJobID1377:
Fournir un soutien opérationnel de niveau 2/3. Surveillance pendant les heures de travail Participer aux astreintes en dehors des heures de bureau. Détection et communication pendant les heures ouvrables Gestion des incidents et des problèmes liés aux opérations de niveau 2/3 Gestion des demandes Hiérarchisation des demandes quotidiennes et livraison Livraison des changements en dehors des heures de travail, y compris le week-end. Révision par les pairs des configurations de changement avec le niveau 3 Vous avez 5+ ans d'expérience dans divers standards industriels. Vous avez une bonne connaissance pratique de : Opérations de pare-feu tels que les pare-feu Fortinet, Checkpoint et Cisco ASA Web Proxy ou similaire Technologie VPN à distance et de site à site Équilibreurs de charge comme NetScaler et F5 Compréhension générale des normes de sécurité des réseaux Gestion de système Unix et capacité de scripting : Python & Ansible, GITHUB Cisco Catalyst 9k/6k/4k/3k, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/3k/2k - STP, HSRP, VDC, VPC, VLAN, LACP, OTV Plateformes ISR/ASR de routage - EIGRP/OSPF/BGP/MPLS, Multicast Compréhension des technologies de télécommunication comme DWDM Connaissance des outils réseau : Shinken / Nagios Sondes réseau : Corvil Commutateurs matriciels : Gigamon, Arista Vous avez au moins 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations de réseaux de données et/ou de sécurité des réseaux. L'expérience dans un environnement de bourse ou de banque d'investissement est souhaitée. Solide connaissance de l'ITIL - les meilleures pratiques de gestion de l'infrastructure informatique. Solides compétences opérationnelles avec la capacité de prioriser de multiples demandes ou incidents. Capacité d'adaptation : vous êtes capable de vous adapter à de nouveaux environnements, de travailler efficacement dans des situations variées et de fonctionner dans des circonstances changeantes. Vous êtes prêt(e) à participer à un programme d'appels qui comprend des nuits et des week-ends en fonction des besoins de l'équipe (environ une fois par mois). Baccalauréat en informatique, DEC ou certifications techniques équivalentes. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1378:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Lead and deliver software architecture solutions, HLD, DD for cybersecurity features for multiple ECU’s with consideration for design evolution, reuse and maintenance Define and uphold high coding standards to ensure no vulnerabilities are introduced and the code written is highly maintainable, extensible and secure. Provide technical guidance and coaching to other members of the team Excellent written and verbal communication Participate in code reviews, daily standup meetings and feature planning Bachelor’s degree, in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering. 10+ years’ experience in software development 5+ years in software architecture experience 5+ years’ experience in Cybersecurity 5+ years in C++ 5+ years of technical leadership Excellent knowledge and experience with OOA and OOD Deep technical understanding of programming languages such as: C, C++ Deep technical understanding of multi-CPU and controller based embedded systems Deep technical understanding of embedded operating systems such as Linux, QNX and Yocto or equivalent Master’s degree, in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering. Strong interpersonal and communications skills to build/ maintain ongoing business relationships Experience with compliance regulations/laws, security frameworks and standards (e.g., NIST, ISO, OWASP, etc.) would be an asset. Experience with in-vehicle signaling and communications mechanisms such as CAN would be an asset Experience in defensive programming Experience with OpenSSL and other symmetric and asymmetric cryptographic libraries Experience in key management and key distribution Experience in OS hardening Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1379:
Partner with internal and external sales teams to plan and organize sales strategies for the CDW security practice Engage in continuous learning by proactively expanding technical depth in products, solutions, and services and acquiring certifications in advanced technologies for CDW's security partner certification requirements when appropriate Provide feedback to technology leaders where opportunities exist to improve offerings, design, and delivery execution Influence, guide, support and collaborate with customers within CDW Canada Strategic Partners Technologies/Solutions to develop their IT security strategy Conduct business-focused security solution presentations at CDW, Customer, and Partner events and meetings in your territory Collaborate with Partners, Inside Solution Architects and Account Executives to develop a detailed Territory Plan to guide mapped opportunities; fine tune strategies and approaches to achieve greater sales results Develop a detailed Territory Plan in collaboration with Partners, Account Executives, and Inside Solution Architects and use it to manage their security business 8-10 years in an IT consulting or senior IT operations role Fluent in both English and French (strong written and verbal skills in both official languages). Extensive security architecture knowledge and experience in planning, implementation, testing in addition to creation and rollout of security standards, policies, and procedures Demonstrated proficiency of written and verbal communication skills (including technical writing and presentations) with the ability to communicate and collaborate effectively both internally and externally Self-starter, flexible, adaptable, highly organized and proactive Ability to remain calm in a fast-paced work environment and to demonstrate thoughtful leadership in assessing problems/opportunities and recommending an approach to solving problems and pursuing opportunities Skills and experience with the following technologies is desired: Information Security Policies, IT Security Standards and Governance (PCI, ISO 27001, COBIT), Vulnerability Management / Assessment, Risk Management/Assessment, Security Awareness, Industry certifications (CISSP, CISM, etc.) Ability to obtain and maintain relevant industry standard certifications 
ScrapedJobID1380:
Process Management: you will collaborate across the Business Unit to develop processes and standards; implements new or revised processes/standards; monitors for compliance; and facilitates continuous improvement to ensure quality and efficiency, improve accountability and practices for internal control and oversight. You will ensure project delivery, intake, vendor and contracts management, and operational work adheres to documented and approved policies, processes, and procedures. Business Planning and Reporting: You will support the Innovation team in building its business plan; monitors progress against the plan; and reviews early drafts for holistic alignment to BU strategies and objectives. Internal Compliance Auditing: You will perform targeted audits within Innovation to ensure compliance with processes and standards. Report findings to the Manager, Controls and Governance, along with recommendations for changes in current practices and processes as required. Innovation Vendor Management: You will supports Innovation leaders and/or project leads during vendor engagement initiation and contract management; the degree of support will depend on your comfort level and familiarity with the process, and can range from a general check for completeness to full guidance and review. You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or equivalent of education and experience You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant work experience in technology teams supporting projects in the project manager and/or business analyst capacity. You are familiar with MS Office tools, including Visio and Project. Certification/training such as ITIL, PMP, OCM is a strong asset. You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID1381:
Collaborate directly with clients to identify and address their needs through building, maintaining and utilizing solid networks of client relationships and community involvement Understand client's business including IT general and process controls; communicating the value propositions of a broad range of Firm services to the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner and being recognized and respected by clients as a knowledgeable valued professional Facilitate staff as they evaluate internal controls design; identify key risks and controls, develop and or review audit programs, benchmark financial and operational processes and controls as well as perform controls optimization Manage the creation of high quality deliverables to communicate to clients on the status of engagements, key issues and work plans Use available technical resources/tools to research; expand knowledge to enhance work product, significantly contribute to business development efforts to remain up to date on client and firm hot topics while sharing the knowledge amongst the team where applicable Act to resolve issues which prevent effective team working, even during times of change and uncertainty. Coach others and encourage them to take ownership of their development. Develop a perspective on key global trends, including globalisation, and how they impact the firm and our clients Focus on building trusted relationships Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences, developing and coaching diverse teams, and ensuring diverse perspectives are heard Minimum of 6 years of experience within IT General Controls Bachelor's degree in a related business or IT field CPA and/or CISA is an asset Experience in providing assurance services across a range of IT areas including IT General Controls (ITGC) and SOC reporting Experience in advising across a range of IT areas, such as IT governance, IT service management, IT management processes, vendor and contract management, IT capability, assessments, IT support and operational processes, and ISO 27001 certification is an asset Experience with Business process controls is an asset Experience in evaluating current state processes, internal controls and testing methodologies, developing future state designs, and leading implementation of new ways of working Bilingual proficiency in French and English; Fluency in a third language, including, but not limited to, Italian, Mandarin or Hebrew is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1382:
Support processes for creating, maintaining, and evolving the portfolio of services Build enablement collateral to support other teams, such as sales and solution architects Develop and drive forward the public cloud roadmap with tactical and strategic initiatives Collaborate with key technology partners and the partner management team to ensure alignment between CDW Canada and partner initiatives Collaborate with Canadian leadership to set product release schedule to support corporate goals Provide guidance to the organization to meet customer goals using a data-driven approach Contribute to financial planning activities by forecasting performance and ROI for services in the development Empower sales and pre-sales teams through focused training on new products and services Measure and improve on the effectiveness of enablement activities Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ Years’ experience in go-to-market activities, product design, build or sales of IT services and solutions. Deep understanding of Cloud IAAS, and cloud-native services Broad technical understanding of enterprise data center technologies such as hybrid cloud infrastructure, data center architecture and design, data management technologies, data center security, and governance Understanding of the technology providers in the public cloud space Prior experience in IT Professional or Managed Services (Delivery or Pre-Sales) Proven ability to proactively collaborate, build relationships, and creatively solve problems Must be able to communicate effectively Demonstrated ability to simplify complex matters for a wide range of audiences Demonstrate solid attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy Ability to organize thoughts and ideas into understandable terminology. Ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Demonstrated ability to work independently with little direction 
ScrapedJobID1383:

ScrapedJobID1384:
Manage technical planning and operations spanning multiple systems and technologies Lead the resolution of complex production issues spanning multiple systems and technologies Develop standards, patterns, and practices to improve IAM infrastructure Develop and maintain service metrics dashboards for all IAM systems and dependent components Demonstrate innovations, and support knowledge-sharing across other IT Agile teams Support the maturity of the IAM roadmaps, standards and practices, in collaboration with the Portfolio architect Participate in the design and test DR/BCP solutions in collaboration with other groups Help support and sustain technology and process continuous improvements Remain current on developments in the Identity and Access Management space Facilitate effective team discussion, decision-making and communication Provide guidance and knowledge to team members, and promote efficiency, productivity Regularly write wiki articles, and participate in issue and team retrospectives Identify repetitive tasks and build tools / processes for automation Architect and design IAM and security improvements in public and private cloud Support and build IAM features / enhancements Collaborate with vendor(s) and support the scheduling of upgrades Actively participate in agile scrum practices, such as daily standups, backlog refinement, planning and sprint retrospectives Analyze business requirements to develop technical solutions 5+ years' experience in a similar role Needs to have Azure IAM experience along with authentication and tools like CyberArk, and Okta etc. You understand DevOps as a working practice and avoid waste where practical University degree in Computer Science, Information Management, or related field Experience with Identity and Access Management solutions in multiple environments (Active Directory, Azure AD, Azure MFA, CyberArk, Cisco ISE, Dash lane) Experience with modern authentication protocols (Oauth,SAML,ADAL,PKI) Knowledge of Password management systems and best practices
(CyberArk, Last Pass) (CyberArk, Last Pass) Knowledge on related security / network Infrastructure
(AAA, Logging, SIEM) (AAA, Logging, SIEM) Experience with Identity management platforms
(Azure AD, Idaptive, Okta, Duo etc.) (Azure AD, Idaptive, Okta, Duo etc.) Knowledge of AAA standards Knowledge of design patterns Proficiency with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS Experience in leading delivery on major features in a complex environment A thought-leader in the identity space who can clearly express ideas, concepts, and architecture to all levels in the team and to stakeholders Is experienced with desired state configuration technologies, such as Terraform and Ansible Experienced with leading delivery of major technology features in a complex fast-paced environment Understands the benefits of automation, has experience with automating repetitive work Hold relevant industry certifications (including, but not limited to)
Azure / AWS Certified Identity / Security Specialization)
Active Directory
Cisco CCNA, CCNP
Cisco ISE
CISSP
CCSP
CyberArk
VMware Azure / AWS Certified Identity / Security Specialization) Active Directory Cisco CCNA, CCNP Cisco ISE CISSP CCSP CyberArk VMware 
ScrapedJobID1385:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge. Advises and supports risk owners in day to day risk management activities and execution. Acts as a primary interface and conduit between the risk owners and other risk groups to lead the facilitation and execution of risk management activities. Identifies, assesses, prioritizes and reports on material IT risks for IT and aligned business areas. Assists risk owners in adhering to policies, frameworks, standards and guidelines through active engagement, guidance and counselling. Advises on the design of controls and remediation plans to mitigate risk. Problem solving skills needed to support interaction with stakeholders to identify risks, impact to the organization and solutions. Ensure that Operational and IT Risk assessments and outputs are recorded in enterprise tools and in full compliance of all policies and common standards, including the IT Risk Management Policy and Framework. Partners with other risk groups to assess, implement and communicate new/updated risk controls, frameworks, policies, risk indicators, metrics and limits. Identify pervasive IT risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape. Ensures implementation of a strong IT risk culture in partnership with the risk owners. Perform various types of data analysis work and prepare monthly / quarterly reporting for senior management. Monitor IT risk KPIs and KRIs within established tolerance. Providing guidance to risk owners, and escalation as needed to ensure timely remediation. 5+ years IT and risk management experience 3+ years IT and cyber security experience Strong communication and influencing capability supported by well-developed analytical competency Cyber security certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISM, etc.) Financial services experience Nice to have International and Canadian national regulatory requirements on financial services We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1386:
Proven experience acting as a leader within an IT Risk consulting practice or boutique, with an understanding of the marketplace and poised to assist with, and manage, practice growth. At least 8 years of demonstrated experience in designing and implementing relevant solutions in a variety of industries. A relevant professional designation, such as CPA, CISA, CISSP or CIA. Minimum of 2 years of management experience leading a team. A networked understanding of the professional landscape of IT Risk in Canada, as well as an established presence with existing and would-be clients. Canada Secret (Level 2) security clearance, or the ability to secure it, as it is a requirement for many of our clients. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1387:
You will conduct detailed third-party supplier technology resiliency risk assessments and ensure that technology resiliency due diligence are recorded in enterprise tools and are in full compliance of defined policies and common standards, including the Bank’s Global Third Party Risk Management Policy. You will evaluate technology resiliency controls and contract language to ensure the Bank’s third parties maintain a technology resiliency posture aligned with industry best practices and our internal controls. You will develop a detailed understanding of the Bank’s Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) program, practices, and priorities, specifically as it relates to Technology Resiliency. You will work with Contract Owners, vendor management offices, and sourcing teams to ensure the Bank’s technology resiliency requirements are met through the contracting process. You will identify pervasive third-party supplier technology resiliency risk issues or issues that are common across the landscape, evaluate mitigating internal controls, and determine residual risks to the Bank. You will continuously identify opportunities to improve effectiveness and enhancements of technology resiliency risk identification, management policies and processes. You have solid communication (verbal/written) skills in English. Bilingual speaker in Spanish and English is preferred. You possess experience in information technology risk management either in an IT operations function, or as a control function (audit or risk management, etc.). · You are familiar with supplier management processes, such as experience establishing Statements of Work (SOWs), reviewing contractual language, or developing Service Level Agreements (SLAs). · You will become familiar with regulatory, legislative and industry requirements governing the management of technology systems and information for financial institutions (COBIT, NIST, OSFI B-10, PCI-DSS, etc.). Your past achievements have demonstrated ability to leverage collaboration and strategic influencing to achieve results. Throughout your career, you have demonstrated good ability to balance competing or conflicting goals with a good sense of urgency. We provide an excellent opportunity to drive technology resiliency improvements through effective third-party risk management across Scotiabank’s global footprint to Keep the Bank Safe and Amplify results. We have an inclusive and collaborative work environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world. We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. We care about our people, allowing them to design how they work to deliver amazing results. We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. 
ScrapedJobID1388:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID1389:

ScrapedJobID1390:
Intégration des solutions de scanning de sécurité. Sécurisation des différents processus du CI-CD (exemple : signature des images Docker). Collaboration (JIRA/Confluence). Gestion de code source (Git-Bitbucket). Serveurs d’intégration continue (Jenkins 2 avec concept de pipeline as code). Gestion d’artéfacts (Nexus, Artifactory). Rapport et tableaux de bords (SonarQube). Provisionnement (Ansible, Terraform). Plus d’outils de provisionnement et d’orchestration (Docker/k8s). 
ScrapedJobID1391:
Contribuer à l'atténuation et à la résolution d'incidents liés à la sécurité. Réaliser des évaluations et des recherches sur les menaces, la vulnérabilité et les risques liés à notre environnement infonuagique multi-cloud SaaS. Collaborez avec l'équipe DLP pour identifier et activer les contrôles afin de protéger les fuites de données des applications Web et Cloud. Élaborer des procédures d’intégrations et d’opérationnalisations. Mettre à jours en continue la documentation du service. Création et gestion de rapport d’utilisation / statistique des différents services Cloud. Baccalauréat en génie informatique, ou un domaine connexe. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans les opérations et projets d'infrastructure. Un minimum de 3 ans d'expérience avec les services infonuagiques. Un minimum de 3 années d'expérience dans la mise en œuvre des outils et de technologies lies aux opérations de développement de la sécurité. Connaissances approfondies de la cybersécurité opérationnelle, des techniques de protection des données et de la sécurité infonuagique. Avec une Certification Cloud (Ex : AWS et/ou Azure Solutions Architect) et autres certifications liées à la sécurité comme CISSP et SSCP est un atout. Expérience en milieu de développement des opérations et en maintien de la sécurité dans les pipelines d'intégration et de livraison continues est un atout. Maitrise de l'interface de ligne de commande et/ou d'une langue de programmation, telle que Python, PowerShell, Bash, C/C++ est un atout. Conception de Tableaux, d’alertes et de rapport via des outils comme PowerBI, Splunk est un atout. Esprit d'équipe et bonnes compétences en communication. Faculté à présenter avec aisance le projet à différentes ressources (Technique et non technique). Sens de leadership, responsabilités et réactivité. Grande éthique professionnelle et esprit pragmatique. Forte capacité à proposer des solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1392:
Intégrer, mettre à jour l'information sur les processus provenant de sources multiples, recueillir l'information critique lors de réunions avec divers intervenants et produire des rapports utiles pour mener à bien le travail; Documenter, examiner, mettre à jour et normaliser les cas d'utilisation, les processus, les diagrammes de flux de processus et les diagrammes RACI pour la mise en œuvre des contrôles de sécurité; Initier et diriger des discussions techniques sur l'examen de la sécurité, communiquer les exigences, les politiques et les normes de sécurité aux parties prenantes; Soutenir les évaluations de la conformité en matière de sécurité en examinant les réponses au questionnaire sur les contrôles de sécurité, effectuer les évaluations techniques initiales de la sécurité avec les experts en la matière; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour s'assurer que toutes les politiques et procédures de sécurité sont mises en œuvre; Communiquer efficacement, documenter, gérer et suivre l'état d'avancement, et mettre à jour les équipes de projet; Gérer les aspects opérationnels quotidiens des projets et de leur portée, y compris les journaux de projet, les problèmes et les points d'action. Solides compétences en matière de coordination de projets, axées sur les résultats; Compréhension globale de la cybersécurité et des méthodologies, y compris les normes, les risques et la conformité; Compréhension et expérience de la terminologie et des produits de réseau; Un atout : connaissance technique des différentes technologies de sécurité telles que le cloud public/privé/hybride, les conteneurs, la virtualisation, les réseaux mobiles et sans fil; 5+ ans d'expérience en tant que chef de projet, analyse d'affaires ou un domaine connexe; Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'analyse et de réflexion conceptuelle; Solides compétences en gestion du temps avec un sens de l'urgence pour garantir le respect des délais; vous savez établir des priorités et les redéfinir rapidement; Vous avez l'esprit d'équipe, vous êtes sûr de vous, motivé et indépendant. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work; Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation; Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders; Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts; Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams; Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes; Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance; Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products; An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network; 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field; Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills; Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly; Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID1393:

ScrapedJobID1394:
Comprehensive compensation and benefits package Amazing collaborative culture with little to no turnover, opportunity to work with an amazing group of professionals Always interesting and challenging projects on the go with great work-life balance Work for an excellent boss Planning, scheduling and leading complex audits concurrently, such as information security, IT general controls, systems conversions, and system developments. Designing and conducting analysis of data using automated tools, gathering source file needs, coordinating reconciliation of control totals and preparing data analytics for external auditors, regulators and business partners. Leading audits, coordinating fieldwork, delivering updates to senior management and providing coaching and technical support to the team. Consulting on corporate initiatives and monitoring large projects to provide feedback on risks and best practices based on business process, regulatory and technical knowledge CISA Certification Firm or Industry experience Insurance experience is an asset CPA or CIA is a strong asset 
ScrapedJobID1395:
Support the delivery, evaluation, and continuous improvement of the IT General Controls (ITGC) SOX program. Help review, align, and improve the Risk and Control Matrices (RCM) and ITGC Narratives across multiple Help internal stakeholders understand the risks and controls associated with their systems and applications. Coordinate external and internal audits including: Meeting internal stakeholders Preparing for walkthroughs Coordinating the collection and consolidation of ITGC evidence Evaluating the adequacy of evidence Responding to findings and recommendations Support the monitoring of operating businesses compliance. Administer Corporate GRC tool (ex. RSA Archer) Following best practices, be responsible to (a) ensure that current IS policies, standards and guidance's are Support other SOX and compliance related functions. Support and collaborate with Corporate Risk Management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Help review, align, and improve the Risk and Control Matrices (RCM) and ITGC Narratives across multiple Help internal stakeholders understand the risks and controls associated with their systems and applications. Coordinate external and internal audits including: Meeting internal stakeholders Preparing for walkthroughs Coordinating the collection and consolidation of ITGC evidence Evaluating the adequacy of evidence Responding to findings and recommendations Support the monitoring of operating businesses compliance. Administer Corporate GRC tool (ex. RSA Archer) Following best practices, be responsible to (a) ensure that current IS policies, standards and guidance's are Support other SOX and compliance related functions. Support and collaborate with Corporate Risk Management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels Support the delivery, evaluation, and continuous improvement of the IT General Controls (ITGC) SOX program. Help review, align, and improve the Risk and Control Matrices (RCM) and ITGC Narratives across multiple Help internal stakeholders understand the risks and controls associated with their systems and applications. Coordinate external and internal audits including: Meeting internal stakeholders Preparing for walkthroughs Coordinating the collection and consolidation of ITGC evidence Evaluating the adequacy of evidence Responding to findings and recommendations Support the monitoring of operating businesses compliance. Administer Corporate GRC tool (ex. RSA Archer) Following best practices, be responsible to (a) ensure that current IS policies, standards and guidance's are Support other SOX and compliance related functions. Support and collaborate with Corporate Risk Management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels 
ScrapedJobID1396:
Les travaux s’effectueront selon un rythme de 35 heures par semaine, soit de 8h30 à 16h30 Les travaux se réaliseront en présentiel. Faire des tests de vulnérabilités et assister l’équipe dans la résolution des problèmes. Participer à l’analyse et à la validation des alertes relatives aux incidents potentiels en sécurité pour ce qui a trait aux courriels, à la réseautique, aux pare-feu, à l’Active Directory et à l’antivirus. Appliquer des mises à jour sur ou des méthodes de contournement sur des systèmes à partir d’une procédure établie. Participer à la surveillance de l’environnement technologique. Participer à la gestion de la quarantaine pour le service de messagerie. Fournir un support de première ligne aux utilisateurs confrontés avec des problèmes liés à l’utilisation des services informatiques. Développer des utilitaires d’automatisation des tâches Installer, maintenir et configurer les solutions (équipements, câblage et logiciels_ de réseautiques et de télécommunications Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe Être titulaire d’un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou d’une attestation d’études dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. Démontrer une connaissance dans la gestion des droits d’accès (Azure AD et Active Directory) Posséder une connaissance des systèmes d’exploitation Windows et de la programmation PowerShell. Détenir des connaissances générales en lien avec certains concepts de sécurité tels que le modèle CIA, le modèle zéro-trust, la défense en profondeur, la gestion du risque, etc. Posséder une connaissance de base en réseautique et dans l’élaboration des règles de pare-feu. Détenir une connaissance du câblage structuré est un atout. Posséder des connaissances de base en Linux et dans les outils de tests d’intrusion est un atout. Démontrer des connaissances de base dans les langages de programmation Web est un atout. Faire preuve d’une bonne connaissance du français à l’écrit et à l’oral. Démontrer une habileté pour le service à la clientèle. Accessible en transport en commun. 20 jours de vacances par année (4 semaines). 13 jours fériés. Assurances collectives. Régime de retraite. Congés spéciaux. Formation continue. Accès au centre d’entrainement. Accès à la bibliothèque. Salaire de 22.XX à 30.XX de l’heure Technicien Spécialisé 
ScrapedJobID1397:
Telework; Annual bonus; 4 weeks of vacation upon hiring; RRSP plan; Comprehensive group insurance; Competitive salary. Perform vulnerability analyzes and work with the affected teams to define the best solutions, develop various hardening measures and their implementation; Perform analyzes and research for signs of compromise during security incidents; Evaluate the impacts on the confidentiality, integrity and access to data of the company's various projects; Ensure cybersecurity awareness within the organization; Ensure compliance with procedures and various controls so that the IT equipment remains compliant and secure; Anticipate industry trends and best practices in cybersecurity; Work in collaboration with the IT Governance team. BAC in computer science (or other related studies in cybersecurity); A minimum of 5 years of experience in IT security; In-depth knowledge of Microsoft cloud architectures (M365); In-depth knowledge of Microsoft tools such as MDATP, CloudAppSecurity, IdentityProtection, Sentinel, Azure Security Center, etc .; Ability to analyze, process, document risks and vulnerabilities and popularize them with commercial and technical stakeholders; Bilingualism (English / French). CISSP certification and other relevant certifications: CEH, CISA, GIAC, OpenFAIR, etc .; Knowledge of security standards (COBIT, ISO 27001/2, NIST, etc.). 
ScrapedJobID1398:
Agir à titre de responsable dans le cadre de projets, de mandats et d’activités de développement spécifiques à votre domaine de spécialité et dont l’envergure et les impacts sont importants pour l’entreprise et dont la portée peut être au niveau du Mouvement Conseiller et accompagner votre clientèle et vos partenaires dans le positionnement, la planification, le développement, le choix de solutions appropriées, la réalisation et les suivis relatifs à divers projets et mandats stratégiques sous votre responsabilité Cibler et analyser des problématiques et des enjeux de taille. Établir des diagnostics et faire des recommandations aux instances concernées Représenter la position dans le cadre d’ententes auprès de partenaires ou d’organismes externes. Être le gardien de la sécurité du respect des exigences et mesures de sécurité dans la livraison des projets TI. Travailler étroitement avec les Architecture Solution Intégration pour l'identification, la mise en place et le suivi des exigences de sécurité dans les projets Prendre en charge la documentation itérative des exigences et mesures de sécurité applicables aux projets en collaboration avec les architectes. Effectuer la reddition de compte de l'ensemble de la posture sécurité de projets, d'applications et des risques de sécurité auprès des instances exécutives Planifier, rédiger et présenter des analyses de risques de sécurité projets Avoir une vue et une maîtrise sur l'ensemble des activités de sécurité de son escouade de sécurité : Analyse de risque, posture sécurité des projets et des applications Prendre action avec le secteur lorsqu'un projet est en écart pour trouver une solution efficace et redresser la posture de sécurité 
ScrapedJobID1399:
Interact with different stakeholders to understand business needs Collaborate with technical teams (developers, business analysts, solution architects, domain architects, etc.) and challenge proposed technology concepts Influence the Bank’s architecture decisions and directions Oversee implementation of end-to-end solutions Diagnose problem situations and contribute to solving complex issues Consider the Bank’s architecture and cybersecurity principles in a number of different architecture projects. Bachelor’s degree in a related field and five (5) to ten (10) years of relevant experience Minimum experience of three (3) years as an architect in the delivery of large-scale projects Communication skills (leadership, influence and ability to explain concepts in plain language) Ability to communicate effectively in English and French In-depth understanding of the following technology and solutions concepts related to a modern ecosystem: domain architecture, microservices, APIs, streaming, cloud technologies, real-time dataflow, orchestration, straight-through processing, access security, elasticity, PaaS, cloud, DevOps, etc. Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and Family Assistance Program Preferential banking services Community involvement program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID1400:

ScrapedJobID1401:
Analyser et rédiger d’avis de sécurité sur vulnérabilités systèmes; Analyser et rédiger des avis de sécurité sur des outils ou logiciels; Déterminer si un outil a des failles de sécurité ou sera vulnérable pour l'organisme; Rédiger des normes sur la sécurité de l'information; Gérer les dérogations pour des demandes de services; Traiter des billets relatifs aux demandes touchant la sécurité de l’information; Analyser de projet et proposition de recommandations sécurité. Détenir un baccalauréat dans le domaine des technologies de l’information (informatique, génie logiciel, génie informatique, système d’information, sécurité de l'information ou l’équivalent); Avoir un baccalauréat dans une autre discipline que celle spécifiée et posséder plus deux (2) années d’expérience additionnelles dans le domaine des technologies de l’information; Détenir une des certifications suivantes : Certified Information Systems Security Professionals (CISSP), Certified of Cloud Security Knowledge (CCSK), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert (CCIE) et/ou Certified Information Security Manager (CISM); Posséder une expérience minimale de dix (10) ans dans le domaine des technologies, dont au moins cinq (5) années à titre d'analyste de l'information; Avoir réalisé un mandat d’au moins douze (12) mois dans une organisation gouvernementale ou paragouvernementale, ainsi qu’avoir participé à titre d'analyste en sécurité de l'information dans deux mandats minimums, au cours des cinq (5) dernières années; Avoir de l'expérience avec les normes reconnues de sécurité (dont ISO 27001), la détermination des besoins en sécurité de l’information, la catégorisation des actifs informationnels et les outils d’évaluation des risques et des menaces; Posséder une connaissance des principes et des méthodes d’audit et de surveillance, de la continuité des activités, le développement d’applications et de systèmes, les télécommunications et les infrastructures technologiques; Détenir des compétences avec les concepts, les normes et les technologies de sécurité comme les pare-feu, les systèmes de prévention des intrusions, les systèmes de détection d'intrusion, etc.; Avoir de l'expérience pratique concernant les enjeux et les solutions de sécurité reliés à l'infonuagique, ainsi qu’avoir de l'expérience en politiques et avec les règles d’éthiques de sécurité; Détenir une connaissance avec les directive sur la sécurité de l'information gouvernementale. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1402:
Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO’s purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Understands and can explain to others the core processes, risks & mitigation techniques for designated areas. Anticipates and reduces complexity for others. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Builds change management plans of varying scope and type; leads or participates in a variety of change management activities including readiness assessments, planning, stakeholder management, execution, evaluation and sustainment of initiatives. Assists in the preparation of end-user materials. Plans and conducts third-party software analysis as needed for inclusion in the project solution. Gathers requirements and documents these requirements for use in various audits, reports, & projects. Participates in the creation of use cases and user expected results to ensure that software is delivered to end users with zero Severity 1 or Severity 2 defects. Works with project stakeholders to validate their requirements and analysis models via techniques such as reviews and walkthroughs. Ensures system specifications meet expectations/requirements, and negotiates solutions. Creates documentation to ensure the supportability of analyses. Maintains existing requirements to ensure that current-state needs are known. Develops and implements data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filters and “cleans” data, and reviews computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Remains alert to new techniques for insights, analytics, and data visualization, and devises new ways of applying them. Interprets data, analyzes results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes in the organization to improve overall efficiency. Facilitates discussions and follows a structured approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage requirements with stakeholders. Provides analytical support and insights. Identifies opportunities to strengthen business analysis capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across BMO. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 3 years of Fraud experience required. Prefer Risk & Control/Internal Audits highly desired. Experience setting up processes Self Starter Strong Technical Skills i.e. MS office Project Management Skills would be very helpful. Possesses analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Demonstrates applied knowledge of one or more analysis and problem decomposition technique. Understands complete Software Development Life Cycle and can apply the applicable portions of the ‘Feasibility,’ ‘Requirements,” and ‘Analysis’ phases. Demonstrates writing and documentation skills. Understands and can explain to others the core processes involved in their area of support. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1403:
The Senior Systems Analyst (.NET Developer) will be responsible for managing and supporting the company’s enterprise software applications This includes technical configuration, development and user support The objective of this role is to ensure our enterprise applications support all business capabilities and requirements needed by the organization, and to ensure the information is accurate, complete, available and secure The core application this role support is for a Registry Platform The registry program can work with businesses that produce emissions and provide a platform for these businesses to report their emissions, buy credits, pay fines, provide solutions to address emission levels The initial focus will be placed on supporting the application, to better learn it, and then provide a mix of support and development Development is done using Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools (OutSystems is the preferred technology) This position will allow developers to gain additional Systems Analyst skills, taking requirements, working with business and technology stakeholders, while still developing their hands on development skills 5+ Years Full Stack .Net Development Experience with front end technologies for Responsive User Interface using HTML 5, .Net, CSS 3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node JS, AJAX, JSON and XML with strict W3C standards Experience with backend data storage technologies such MS SQL Server, MySQL, and other database technologies Strong communication skills, can work well with clients and take requirements to enhance complex applications Ability to priorizie work, and manage a mixture of production support and development activities Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools- OutSystems is the preferred technology Exposure to both Waterfall and Agile. 75% of development is done Agile Fundamental understanding of Cybersecurity and Data Privacy QA testing skills appreciated 
ScrapedJobID1404:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID1405:
Contribute to the mitigation and resolution of security incidents. Perform assessments and research on threats, vulnerabilities and risks related to our multi-cloud SaaS cloud environment. Work with the DLP team to identify and activate controls to protect data leaks from web and cloud applications. Develop integration and operationalization procedures. Continuously update the service documentation. Creation and management of usage report / statistics of the various Cloud services. Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, or a related field. A minimum of 5 years of experience in infrastructure operations and projects. A minimum of 3 years of experience with cloud computing services. A minimum of 3 years of experience in the implementation of tools and technologies related to security development operations. In-depth knowledge of operational cybersecurity, data protection techniques and cloud security. With a Cloud Certification (Ex: AWS and / or Azure Solutions Architect) and other certifications related to security like CISSP and SSCP is an asset. Experience in an operations development environment and in maintaining security in continuous integration and delivery pipelines is an asset. Knowledge of the command line interface and / or a programming language, such as Python, PowerShell, Bash, C / C ++ is an asset. Design of Tables, alerts and reports via tools like PowerBI, Splunk is an asset. Team player and good communication skills. Ability to easily present the project to different resources (Technical and non-technical). Sense of leadership, responsibility and responsiveness. Great professional ethics and pragmatic spirit. Strong ability to propose solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1406:

ScrapedJobID1407:
Social advantages; Competitive salary; Performance bonus; State-of-the-art infrastructure; Human working environment. Technical point of contact for end users and stakeholders regarding network and infrastructure issues and inquiries; Works closely with project managers, developers and system analysts, ensures oversight as well as hands-on troubleshooting and resolution of priority issues, ensuring ownership, escalation and communication from start to final resolution.; Follow the standard operating procedures to keep system patched up according to priorities set by the security analysts; Monitor the vulnerability assessment dashboard and identify any additional risks or devices that need additional investigation and actions Completes logs resolutions by priority; Manage and escalate backlog; Ensures best practices and guidance on incident management and problem resolution; Monitor overall network and infrastructure health (performance and uptime) of Cloud production, pre-production, and test environments; Perform routine system configuration changes & upgrades for operations, projects or security needs; Supports network components and acts as a support team member (Level 3) if required; May be part of the on-call rotation schedule, by providing availability as required on work nights and weekends during maintenance periods, critical service outages or project deliveries. College diploma in network technologies or Network certifications Experience 2+ years of relevant working experience in a multi-site corporate environment supporting enterprise-wide infrastructure (Data centers, Virtualization, central storage, LANs, SD-WANs, WLANs, Wireless, VPNs and security practices) Cloud infrastructure basic knowledge Strong Network infrastructure knowledge Security concepts knowledge knowledge in scripting or programming languages 
ScrapedJobID1408:
Support user life cycle processes including, but not limited to, on-boarding and off-boarding of all types of privileged accounts. Support PAM Password Management processes and request fulfillment to support system access requests. Manage user and application requirements ensuring they fall within best practices. Integrate accounts for Windows & Unix/Linux servers and other accounts associated with domains and directories within the PAM solution. Active Directory Experience Security fundamentals; Understanding foundational security principles, specifically "least privilege" Proven researching and troubleshooting skills. Knowledge of general Information Security and Networking concepts. Ability to multi-task to complete work with competing priorities and deadline Linux/Windows/Mac endpoint experience Completed or working towards Certifications such as CISSP, SSCP or Google PCSE. Experience with Identity and Access Management in a multi-forest Active Directory environment is considered an asset. Development experience is considered an asset. Experience with PowerShell, Python and/or Shell scripting is considered an asset. Experience with Git or working knowledge of software version control systems is considered an asset. Ability to remain focused and work independently. Experience in Google Cloud Platform IAM administration considered an asset. Client requires proof of Covid-19 vaccination to access job site. Providing proof of vaccination is a condition of employment with Ian Martin” for this opportunity 
ScrapedJobID1409:

ScrapedJobID1410:
As a member of a Global Support Success team, the Sr. Client Services Engineer will be instrumental in replicating complex customer problems, diagnosing possible causation, recommending remediation techniques, and managing level 2 to 3 customer interactions. In addition, Sr. Technical Support Engineer will provide mentorship to support peers and be a backup resource for the team lead. The primary focus of this positon is to assist with defining methodologies and processes that will improve the overall management of customer reported problems to the greatest degree possible. The Sr. Client Services Engineer must be able to work under minimal supervision. This position will work closely with the global support teams, team lead, and core engineering teams to assure effective cross communication between the team for customer issue and will attend team calls to free up the team lead to focus more on the daily management of the support staff. The Sr. Technical Support Engineer will also work closely with product and program managers, customers, and third party vendors as necessary, providing support throughout the customer issue lifecycle. Answer customers' questions and troubleshoot and resolve customer issues with complex technical products over the telephone or via electronic communications in the areas of system configurations/setup, product functionality and bugs/enhancements/upgrades. Advise customers, work to diagnose customer issues with client Encryption products, and interpret logs and error messages as well as interrogate and understand the customer environment where the products are being used. Recommend solutions and workarounds to known problems and provide advice to customers on how to apply the solution or workaround. Provide guidance and support on how to use client products with 3rd party solutions and supported integrations. Reproduce previously unknown issues (if need be) and interface with the Client Services Product Champion providing the customer setup and steps to reproduce the issues. Identify and document issues consistently and clearly using group tools. Support implementation of hotfixes and patches to minimize risk of unexpected issues and insure that the fix resolves the customer problem. Active Directory and LDAP based directories. RADIUS authentication and authorization traffic flow (IAS/NPS) Ability to analyze sniffer traces and be able to resolve routing and firewall issues. Networking skills like following but not limited to: TCPIP, knowledge of routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) MS Windows Server and Linux 5-7 years experience VMWARE SERVER 
ScrapedJobID1411:
Ownership and leadership of each assigned audit from the initial planning to completion, including detailed and thorough risk assessments and the drafting of audit reports Effectively co-ordinate multiple audits and other projects, including staff scheduling and work allocation as required Create detailed working papers and conduct file reviews ensuring that audit conclusions are supported Evaluate operational processes and identify opportunities for improvement across the organization. Build support for and implement recommendations and business strategies, plans, and best practices. Effective communication of audit findings to the Director Internal Audit, internal stakeholders and to the Audit Committee, as required Mitigate business risks by providing advice and guidance as and when appropriate. Follow up and validate actions taken by management to remediate audit findings to ensure that they are effectively designed and appropriately implemented. Build trusted partnerships with internal clients that encourages proactive engagement of the audit team, allowing for the effective design of governance, risk management and control processes Provide effective updates to the Director on the status of work and issues identified, providing recommended course of action for review and approval Follow up and monitor the implementation of action plans on audit issues Immediate escalation of any observations that may require discussion with senior management Support the alignment of activities between the control functions (i.e. Compliance, Finance, External Auditors) to improve communications and efficiency of audit and risk management activities Support the Director Internal Audit in the development of the annual audit plan (and related updates) for business/corporate units in the assigned audit portfolio Recommends changes to audit processes, methodology, and reporting to improve effectiveness. As required provide audit consultation for all business units and functional areas across the organization with respect to new and ongoing business needs. Monitor changes in external environment and in the AGF’s business, including trends in risk management practices and regulatory expectations Actively participate in the annual Internal Audit methodology and practices reviews, incorporating relevant benchmarks in the identification, analysis and recommendation of continuous improvement opportunities On an interim basis, and as required, represent the Director Internal Audit Assist with quarterly and annual reporting to the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Senior Management Performs advisory engagements, investigations and special projects as assigned 8 or more years of previous audit experience in a regulated financial institution or public accounting firm Undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting or Finance CPA designation is required CIA, CFA designations are an asset Highly developed technical and analytical skills supporting effective decision-making capabilities Strong analytical skills to identify issues, potential risks and root causes, in order to suggest effective improvements. Knowledge of audit methodologies and frameworks, COSO enterprise risk management framework, audit governance concepts, tools, techniques, and best practices Strong organizational capabilities, project planning and management experience is required Strong written, documentation and report writing skills, and oral communication skills are requirements Developed networking skills and ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally A self-motivated professional with an enthusiasm for learning and continuous improvement Ability to work effectively within cross functional teams Knowledge of the investment and wealth management industries, is an asset Experience with TeamMate and data analytical software would be an asset Experience in performing IT and/ or cyber security audits would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1412:
Être responsable du service IAM et des systèmes de service et être responsable de la conception des services et des processus IAM; Agir en tant que référent pour toutes les questions relatives au périmètre d'identité et d'accès (processus, personnes, technologie) et au concept standard IAM (gouvernance d'identité et d'accès, gestion du cycle de vie, gestion de la sécurité des données, sources faisant autorité, certification d'accès, synchronisation, réconciliation); Être responsable de la conduite et de la livraison de l'analyse et de la modélisation des données des systèmes d'identité; Être responsable de la conception et des exigences pour le cycle de vie complet de l'IAM; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour comprendre comment les processus sont mis en œuvre et apporter des changements en fonction des risques identifiés ou des problèmes de flux de travail; Contribuer à la conception, à la planification, à la mise en œuvre et au soutien des initiatives stratégiques en matière d'IAM; Développer, maintenir et contrôler les politiques, les processus et les directives; Agir en tant que référent pour l'architecture liée à la composante IAM; Agir en tant que référent pour la création, l'identification ou la modification des processus; Responsable de l'introduction et de la gestion du changement dans le service IAM; Diriger l'intégration des données d'identité des applications en fin de vie et l'intégration de ces données dans le modèle global; Diriger et suggérer des étapes de construction de l'état futur pour les éléments techniques et de processus; Coordonner, définir et collaborer avec les parties prenantes concernant la politique, le développement et la gouvernance; Diriger le développement des processus d'identité régis par des contrôles réglementaires; Diriger le changement et la migration du système d'identité, y compris les approches de migration et la mise en œuvre du changement dans l'environnement commercial; Gestion des relations entre l'équipe IAM, les autres équipes informatiques, le service informatique de l'entreprise et les utilisateurs/gestionnaires de l'entreprise. Avoir une connaissance générale de la sécurité informatique; Posséder une expérience de conseiller et de consultant, expérience en architecture ou autre expérience technique pertinente avec les sources et les applications d'identité; Détenir une expérience de la propriété des services IAM. SSO, PAM, IAM, IGI, SOD, RBAC; Avoir une expérience de la transition/migration/mise à niveau de systèmes; Détenir une compétence avec la stratégie et de la gouvernance IAM; Posséder une expérience en tant que PME ou architecte IAM; Avoir la capacité à travailler au sein d'un programme et à rendre compte à un chef de projet, avoir la capacité d'interagir avec différentes parties prenantes; Posséder du leadership pratique dans la mise en œuvre des technologies; Avoir des compétences avec les technologies suivantes : Technologie IAM, Sailpoint IIQ, IBM ITIM, produit CA IAM ou autre compréhension de la technologie IAM/IGI, ITIM, FIM, SNOW, AD connect, Active directory, LDAP, eRoom, Documentum, SAP HR, SAP Financial, RACF, NIS, IBM Domino, SSO et Siteminder Kerberos, ADFS. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1413:
You have 8+ years of full software development lifecycle experience and still have a curiosity and malleability to learn new things (we are not tied to just one tech stack at Benevity) You have deep expertise in all aspects of software development and distributed systems. You are proficient in cloud-based architecture and automated release pipelines You value an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design You are happy to get fast feedback and are on board with trunk-based development, behaviour-driven development, and understanding how users use what you have built You take pride in quality and have multiple approaches towards testing Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems You are the go to person for consultation for design and thinking for work being contemplated or built as part of the product roadmap. You take responsibility for the technical vision and implementation You are aware of industry trends in secure coding practices and a strong advocate for continual improvement You are highly organized and able to coordinate multiple complex projects You practice effective communication and understand how to satisfy the needs of a variety of stakeholders You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading developers and helping them develop their technical skills and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You embrace the need for continual innovation to create better products and services You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience Familiarity with REST APIs and microservices Strong skills in Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Single Sign-On (SSO) Hands-on experience in Java, Python or PHP development Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities Experience with Laravel or Springboot Experience with continuous integration / continuous deployment Experience working in an agile environment AWS-specific experience would be highly desirable 
ScrapedJobID1414:
The Senior Systems Analyst (.NET Developer) will be responsible for managing and supporting the company’s enterprise software applications This includes technical configuration, development and user support The objective of this role is to ensure our enterprise applications support all business capabilities and requirements needed by the organization, and to ensure the information is accurate, complete, available and secure The core application this role support is for a Registry Platform The registry program can work with businesses that produce emissions and provide a platform for these businesses to report their emissions, buy credits, pay fines, provide solutions to address emission levels The initial focus will be placed on supporting the application, to better learn it, and then provide a mix of support and development Development is done using Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools (OutSystems is the preferred technology) This position will allow developers to gain additional Systems Analyst skills, taking requirements, working with business and technology stakeholders, while still developing their hands on development skills 5+ Years Full Stack .Net Development Experience with front end technologies for Responsive User Interface using HTML 5, .Net, CSS 3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node JS, AJAX, JSON and XML with strict W3C standards Experience with backend data storage technologies such MS SQL Server, MySQL, and other database technologies Strong communication skills, can work well with clients and take requirements to enhance complex applications Ability to priorizie work, and manage a mixture of production support and development activities Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools- OutSystems is the preferred technology Exposure to both Waterfall and Agile. 75% of development is done Agile Fundamental understanding of Cybersecurity and Data Privacy QA testing skills appreciated 
ScrapedJobID1415:
Accompagne les équipes TI des établissements sur la sécurité des infrastructures et la gouvernance de la sécurité informationnelle.  Élabore, coordonne et pilote les projets liés au rehaussement et à la mise à niveau des pratiques de sécurité.  Assiste le directeur pour le suivi des activités de son secteur.  Rédige différents rapports de synthèse, d’analyse et des documents de suivis et de formations.  Effectue la gestion de l'équipement et des logiciels, en recommande leur acquisition et prend les dispositions s'y rattachant.  Effectue des analyses de solutions et des bancs d’essai. Participe à la sélection de sous-traitants et peut effectuer le suivi du travail demandé. Accomplit temporairement les tâches d’un poste connexe ou inférieur lorsque requis. Scolarité : Baccalauréat en informatique avec concentration en sécurité ou dans toute autre discipline appropriée. Certification : Détenir un certificat professionnel en sécurité (SSCP, CISSP, GIAC ou autre certificat reconnu) sera considéré comme un atout. Expérience : Trois (3) à cinq (5) années d’expérience pertinente. Français : Excellente habileté à communiquer verbalement et par écrit. Anglais : Bonne connaissance de l’anglais (orale et écrit) principalement pour la consultation des documents de référence. Capacité à travailler en équipe avec des gens d’expertise diversifiée et à maintenir d’excellentes relations interpersonnelles; Discrétion, intégrité et éthique professionnelle; Excellente faculté d’analyse et de synthèse des problèmes; Diplomatie, grandes habiletés en communication et vulgarisation ainsi que capacités de persuasion exécutive; Capacité à gérer des situations de crise et bonne tolérance à la pression; Autonomie et sens de l’organisation; Aptitude à gérer par priorité et mener à terme plusieurs projets en parallèle; Orienté vers l’action et le résultat. Expérience de conduite de projets démontrée; Expérience avérée en matière d’analyse de cyberrisques, de gestion d’incidents et d’investigations; Expérience en matière de gestion des risques TI, de conformité et d’animation d’équipe. Connaissances techniques recherchées : Très bonne maîtrise des technologies de l’information incluant tous les domaines du Web; Connaissances pointues sur les réseaux, les systèmes et la sécurité des systèmes d'information; Connaissance profonde des standards de sécurité et des meilleures pratiques en matière de sécurité internationale (ISO - 2700x, NIST, OWASP, etc.) ainsi que de certaines lois provinciale et fédérale (Loi sur l’accès aux documents des organismes publics et sur la protection des renseignements personnels) Travailler pour une entreprise qui est reconnue, admirée et en forte expansion Travailler au sein d’une entreprise ayant l’humain au cœur de ses préoccupations Avoir accès à un programme d’avantages sociaux complet. Le genre masculin est utilisé sans aucune discrimination et dans le seul but d’alléger le présent texte Baccalauréat 
ScrapedJobID1416:
Responsible for leading the Third-Party risk assessments and overall due diligence assessments of Software Vendors/Suppliers Individual supporting physical office move from Hong Kong to Singapore In this move, individual will be using the RSA software to coordinate with vendors/suppliers the risk of moving their services over to a new country (reopen the records, re assess the vendor/supplier risk that goes with changing countries) Serves as central point-of-contact for third parties and business partners, while ensuring effective regional and global execution of the Supplier Management Framework model Assists the business partners in performing third party risk assessments and overall due diligence activities as outlined by regulators and internal policies Supports the business partners in the management of supplier performance monitoring and oversight activities through reviews and documenting required post-contract activities (e.g., SOC reviews) Identifies risk findings, communicating impact to the business partners and work with IT Risk teams to ensure timely and accurate closure of open issues Engages third parties in obtaining documentation and information to support required due diligence reviews Extended and/or off-hour work schedules where necessary, in support of global operations and high priority work assignments 2+ years’ experience working in SW Vendor risk management - assessing the risk of a vendor’s SW, whether to bring them aboard PMP or BA background Information Security background and certifications would be ideal (Cyber Security certification would be added bonus, understanding SW that may be sitting on the Cloud) Technical Business background required - so that they understand the SW world of the vendors will be dealing with– understanding of SW lifecycle, management, single sign on Will be using both GRC RSA Archer application system (system that assess risk of a supplier) and iValua (database where store supplier information) Demonstrate skills in managing multiple projects and partnering relationships Very strong information seeking, creative problem solver, decision making, planning, collaboration and coordination skills MS Office Demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy Excellent and confident written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1417:
Primarily focused on design, development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Engaging the vendor (Forgerock) for product update, issues, and software concurrency. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 4+ year experience and having a deep understanding of security solutions and protocols such as: Forgerock AM & DS, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, Windows Desktop SSO, LDAP Authentication, Radius, TOTP, MFA, Cross Domain SSO, SAML 2.0, Cryptography Architecture, Keystore would be required. 4+ years experience with Cloud Development and working in an agile environment is considered essential. 4+ years experience with Linux, shell scripting and Tomcat. 4+ years experience with reviewing code, proper documentation, and having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Strong experience with architecture design. Strong experience with production troubleshooting and performance analyzing. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience with Spring Boot back-end development is strongly considered. Experience with React/Redux front-end development is strongly considered. Experience with Ansible is strongly considered. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your “stamp” as we are undergoing multiple exciting and forward thinking initiatives. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID1418:

ScrapedJobID1419:
Travailler avec une équipe agile pour déployer, tester et maintenir le logiciel de support VA-Infra; Maintenir et améliorer les performances des logiciels existants; Participer au cycle de livraison continue d'intégration continue (CICD); Résoudre les problèmes opérationnels de sécurité en temps opportun, gérer les problèmes escaladés et assurer le suivi des éléments en suspens rapidement; Développer des mesures préventives et construire la documentation; Contribuer à la réunion de projet et rendre compte de l'état du problème. Solide expertise en administration système Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu…) et en virtualisation (VMWare et technologies de conteneur…); Solide expertise en solution d'automatisation (Ansible) et connaissance pratique d'Ansible Tower; Connaissance approfondie de Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) et des spécifications matérielles; Connaissance intermédiaire et pratique de la sécurité de l'information et des réseaux (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, pare-feu) dans un environnement moyen ou grand; Connaissance pratique de la programmation/script et des outils de développement (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Connaissance de la gestion des actifs (IPAM) et des technologies de journalisation (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP et certificats connexes sont des atouts, ainsi que bilingue (anglais et français); Work with an agile team to deploy, test, and maintain VA-Infra supporting software; Maintain and improve the performance of existing software; Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle; SME on scanner deployment projects with multiple business units; Resolve security operational problems in timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly; Develop preventive measures and build documentation; Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status. Solid expertise in Linux system admin (CentOS, Ubuntu…) and virtualization (VMWare and container technologies…); Solid expertise in automation solution (Ansible) and working knowledge of Ansible Tower; Deep knowledge of Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) and hardware specs; Intermediate and working knowledge of Information Security and networking (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, Firewall) in medium or large environment; Working knowledge of programming/scripting and the development tools (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Knowledge of asset management (IPAM), and logging techs (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP and related certificates are assets, as well as bilingual (English and French); Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively; Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teams; Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization; Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process; Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment; Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business. 
ScrapedJobID1420:
Your primary responsibility will be digital certificate management, securing the connections between bank's mainframes and other services within the enterprise. Communication and teamwork are essential Your secondary responsibility will be regular Analysis and Review of security data and reporting Critical thinking and analytical skills are required Your third responsibility will be ad-hoc SAS scripting in support of reporting and project implementations Proven ability to learn and understand SAS is required Provide leadership for the provision of technical expertise in development and support of activities, processes, procedures and tools for protecting information security specifically for the Mainframe (primarily ACF2 but also RACF Interface with application development teams and other Mainframe Infrastructure teams to understand setup Knowledge of ACF2 (primary) or RACF (secondary) Knowledge of IT standards and procedures Knowledge of process and tools for assuring adherence to standards Thorough knowledge of existing and planned infrastructure security platforms and architecture components Experience in Mainframe technology – 4 years Experience with digital and SSL connections – 2 years Scripting in SAS language – 2 years Strong communication skills Incident Management – Detects and classifies incidents, monitors and tracks through to resolution – 2 years Application Break/Fix – provides 24x7 rotational on-call security support – 4 years Attention to detail and high personal standards for accuracy Strong organizational, follow-up and priority-setting skills to handle multiple tasks/projects independently Adaptability to shifting priorities and tight deadlines with minimal supervision Self-motivated and team-oriented Technical understanding of ACF2 and/or RACF DB2 or SQL Security implementations – managing access and security configuration Unix experience – 1 year 
ScrapedJobID1421:

ScrapedJobID1422:

ScrapedJobID1423:
Identifying, researching and troubleshooting technical problems, diagnosing Security and Network related issues. Assisting on, or leading investigation, analysis, design, development, implementation, operation and management of information systems Responding to all infrastructure queries and support in the investigation of security incidents Contributing effective solutions to challenging queries with patience and clear communications Supporting Level 2/3 escalation for production incidents and handle final escalations and communications Providing system utilization reporting, trending analysis and capacity plan Preparing and documenting standard operating procedures and protocols 3+ years of hands-on Security Support experience Self-starter with ability in taking responsibility to complete assigned work with minimum supervision Knowledge and preferred experience in the below areas: Office 365 tenant Azure AD Account Management Exchange Online Protection Intune (Conditional Access \ MDM \ MAM) Clients (Outlook, Outlook for Mac, IMAP, POP3, Mobile Devices) Permissions (Tenant \ SharePoint \ OneDrive \ Security & Compliance Center) Data Loss Prevention, Archiving, eDiscovery and Compliance Preferred PowerShell scripting skills Strong core foundation experience in fundamental cloud technologies and services (Azure, Google, AWS) In depth knowledge of best practices in the area of IT service management (i.e. incident, problem, and change) Create and update technical project documentation (i.e. technical and configuration runbook, implementation plan, etc.) Education at the bachelor level in Computer Science or equivalent technology related experience Knowledge of the Financial Services industry would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1424:
Contribute to the mitigation and resolution of security incidents. Perform assessments and research on threats, vulnerabilities and risks related to our multi-cloud SaaS cloud environment. Work with the DLP team to identify and activate controls to protect data leaks from web and cloud applications. Develop integration and operationalization procedures. Continuously update the service documentation. Creation and management of usage report / statistics of the various Cloud services. Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, or a related field. A minimum of 5 years of experience in infrastructure operations and projects. A minimum of 3 years of experience with cloud computing services. A minimum of 3 years of experience in the implementation of tools and technologies related to security development operations. In-depth knowledge of operational cybersecurity, data protection techniques and cloud security. With a Cloud Certification (Ex: AWS and / or Azure Solutions Architect) and other certifications related to security like CISSP and SSCP is an asset. Experience in an operations development environment and in maintaining security in continuous integration and delivery pipelines is an asset. Knowledge of the command line interface and / or a programming language, such as Python, PowerShell, Bash, C / C ++ is an asset. Design of Tables, alerts and reports via tools like PowerBI, Splunk is an asset. Team player and good communication skills. Ability to easily present the project to different resources (Technical and non-technical). Sense of leadership, responsibility and responsiveness. Great professional ethics and pragmatic spirit. Strong ability to propose solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1425:

ScrapedJobID1426:
Specialist role within the Desktop and Mobile Computing group. The Endpoint Systems Engineer under the direction of the IT Manager, is responsible for the following: design, development, documentation, maintenance and communication of policies, processes and procedures related to end user infrastructure design, management and automated delivery processes. This includes, but is not limited to, end user solutions that are based on hardware, software, automation, cloud, related management infrastructure and associated components. design and overseeing implementation of end user based technologies making business critical decisions, related to the design and implementation of technology solutions and procedures Windows 10 deployment and management must be familiar with Microsoft Windows as a service, zero touch deployment such as OSD and MDT, Systems Center Configuration management maintenance, patching and software deployment for an enterprise organization, Intune, Autopilot, Bitlocker, Active directory policy management. Scripting and programming of automated software delivery using PowerShell, Admin Studio Trouble shooting engineering level issues and providing solutions for complex problems specialist knowledge of Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager (formerly SCCM) specialist knowledge of PowerShell specialist knowledge of application packaging and deployments using MEM, Intune, Endpoint configuration manager (formerly SCCM) specialist knowledge of desktop imaging technology OSD / Autopilot zero touch provisioning specialist knowledge of desktop security products Defender, Bitlocker and Active Directory policy management Knowledge of M365 client apps lifecycle and delivery management Knowledge of Modern Application management knowledge of MAC enterprise management SQL reporting Able to comply with Employee and Contractor Mandatory Vaccine Policy 
ScrapedJobID1427:
Be responsible for contextualizing, prioritizing, assigning, monitoring and closing vulnerabilities. Receive and validate the results of vulnerability detection activities; Contribute to the establishment of remediation / mitigation plans for vulnerabilities; Follow up on the management of vulnerabilities with stakeholders; Ensure compliance with service level agreements for vulnerability management; Produce and ensure the quality of metrics relating to vulnerability management; Contribute to the drafting, maintenance and improvement of documentation in support of vulnerability management processes and procedures; Collaborate with stakeholders to optimize remediation of vulnerabilities. At least 2 years of experience in vulnerability management, Threat intelligence or in response to security incidents, or at least 5 years of experience in the IT field; In-depth knowledge of vulnerability management, infrastructure, application, and cloud security. Knowledge of Vulnerability Rating Systems (CVSS), OWASP TOP 10, MITER and NIST controls; Experience with vulnerability scanning tools such as those from Tenable, Qualys, Rapid7. Hold the CISSP or COMPTIA Security + certification (an asset). Demonstrate a sense of collaboration and teamwork; Demonstrate interpersonal skills (ability to influence and interact with stakeholders, to manage conflicts); Demonstrate excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills; Demonstrate a great sense of initiative; Demonstrate professional rigor and thoroughness; 
ScrapedJobID1428:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) * VMWare & SAN technologies: 3 years (required) Linux (predominantly CentOS): 5 years (required) * Firewall/Nokia and Checkpoint technologies: 3 years (required) Perl, PHP, BASH scripting and knowledge of Java: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1429:
Process Management: you will collaborate across the Business Unit to develop processes and standards; implements new or revised processes/standards; monitors for compliance; and facilitates continuous improvement to ensure quality and efficiency, improve accountability and practices for internal control and oversight. You will ensure project delivery, intake, vendor and contracts management, and operational work adheres to documented and approved policies, processes, and procedures. Business Planning and Reporting: You will support the Innovation team in building its business plan; monitors progress against the plan; and reviews early drafts for holistic alignment to BU strategies and objectives. Internal Compliance Auditing: You will perform targeted audits within Innovation to ensure compliance with processes and standards. Report findings to the Manager, Controls and Governance, along with recommendations for changes in current practices and processes as required. Innovation Vendor Management: You will supports Innovation leaders and/or project leads during vendor engagement initiation and contract management; the degree of support will depend on your comfort level and familiarity with the process, and can range from a general check for completeness to full guidance and review. You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or equivalent of education and experience You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant work experience in technology teams supporting projects in the project manager and/or business analyst capacity. You are familiar with MS Office tools, including Visio and Project. Certification/training such as ITIL, PMP, OCM is a strong asset. You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID1430:
Support processes for creating, maintaining, and evolving the portfolio of services Build enablement collateral to support other teams, such as sales and solution architects Develop and drive forward the public cloud roadmap with tactical and strategic initiatives Collaborate with key technology partners and the partner management team to ensure alignment between CDW Canada and partner initiatives Collaborate with Canadian leadership to set product release schedule to support corporate goals Provide guidance to the organization to meet customer goals using a data-driven approach Contribute to financial planning activities by forecasting performance and ROI for services in the development Empower sales and pre-sales teams through focused training on new products and services Measure and improve on the effectiveness of enablement activities Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ Years’ experience in go-to-market activities, product design, build or sales of IT services and solutions. Deep understanding of Cloud IAAS, and cloud-native services Broad technical understanding of enterprise data center technologies such as hybrid cloud infrastructure, data center architecture and design, data management technologies, data center security, and governance Understanding of the technology providers in the public cloud space Prior experience in IT Professional or Managed Services (Delivery or Pre-Sales) Proven ability to proactively collaborate, build relationships, and creatively solve problems Must be able to communicate effectively Demonstrated ability to simplify complex matters for a wide range of audiences Demonstrate solid attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy Ability to organize thoughts and ideas into understandable terminology. Ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Demonstrated ability to work independently with little direction 
ScrapedJobID1431:
Oracle 3900 SBCs, Oracle ECB Asterisk 18 leveraging PJSIP, AMI and ARI Noble Systems, 3CX Cisco Call Manager, Unity Connection and Expressways Rightfax (Fax to email and email to Fax solutions) Evoko Tablets Synergysky and Pexip Monitoring Tools: Oracle EOM, Web homer Cisco SPA 504G Phones Polycom VVX phones Cisco ATA 191, SPA 112 Mediatrix 4104, 4104 Plus Gigaset C530IP/C610IP and Yealink W53P Experience with configuration/provisioning of VoIP endpoints from various manufacturers like Cisco, Polycom, Yealink and Snom Cisco 7841, 8841 and Cisco Telepresence solutions DX 80 Design/Implementation/Manage various Tier 1/Tier 2 sip providers from Canada (Bell SIPT), US (Verizon TSO) and Voxbone Support and Maintain VoIP solutions on RHEL 8.3 and Debian 9 based systems Perform advanced troubleshooting tasks for VoIP calls Good understanding of traditional telephony – FXO, FXS interfaces Good understanding on MOS Scores for VoIP Calls Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer to pull VoIP traces and sharing them accordingly with various third party carriers/vendors. Support MDM solution like JAMF Basic SQL queries to run call reports.. Owns key initiatives and drives through completion Occasional travel might be required… Minimum of 3 years' experience (networking and VoIP) required, 5 years preferred Working knowledge of TCP/IP Strong Knowledge of SIP, H323, RTP, SRTP, RTCP Protocols Knowledge of Linux (RHEL, Debian): Security, Bash, TCP/IP, High Availability, Package management (yum, dnf, apt) Experience with Asterisk (AGI, ARI, AMI), Elastix.. Programming skills in bash, php, perl, python Strong interpersonal skills, positive attitude, work well in teams A commitment to customer service and great attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications or equivalent work experience DCAP Certification desired CCNA Collaboration Certification Oracle Communications Session Border Certification desired Ability to troubleshoot systems issues in real time, without causing additional downtime. Proven Telecom experience with VoIP protocols. Troubleshooting experience using Wireshark, or other protocol analyzer. Excellent communication and customer service skills, including the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Knowledge of UNIX and Linux systems is a plus. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID1432:
Établit et entretient des relations avec les gestionnaires interfonctionnels et les partenaires afin d'améliorer la qualité des services de sécurité dans l'ensemble de l'organisation Fournit sa vision et ses recommandations sur la stratégie à long terme pour l'infrastructure technologique de sécurité de l’organisation Effectue des analyses sur l'efficacité de l'infrastructure de sécurité et formule des recommandations pour l'adoption de nouveaux processus et procédures Coordonne les fonctions locales de niveau III du SOC (Security Operations Center), telles que le renseignement sur les menaces, la recherche de menaces, la gestion des vecteurs d'attaque et les enquêtes Gère le tri des demandes de services de sécurité de l'information émanant des clients et des équipes internes et les priorités opérationnelles de son équipe Aide à contenir les menaces et à prendre des mesures correctives pendant ou après un incident Supervise la mise en œuvre et la maintenance des systèmes d'infrastructure de sécurité de Lowe’s Canada afin d'assurer le succès de leur déploiement et de leur fonctionnement (tant infonuagique que local) Gère un programme corporatif de gestion des vulnérabilités qui examine, analyse, communique et oriente efficacement la remédiation des vulnérabilités En matière de gestion des vulnérabilités, établit la priorité des mesures correctives à appliquer et collabore avec les équipes concernées pour assurer le succès de leur mise en œuvre Assure la collaboration des équipes techniques pour : identifier, résoudre et mitiger les événements et les vulnérabilités en matière de sécurité de l'information dépanner les systèmes et apporter les améliorations nécessaires pour résoudre les problèmes de performance des systèmes d'infrastructure de sécurité Baccalauréat en sciences informatiques, génie informatique, cybersécurité ou domaine connexe 8 années d'expérience en informatique 3 années d'expérience dans la direction d'équipes de projet ou d'équipes techniques, incluant la direction technique, le coaching et le mentorat 4 années d'expérience avec les outils, les concepts et les pratiques de sécurité de l'information Connaissance des environnements technologiques multi-plateformes et de leurs particularités opérationnelles et de sécurité 2 années ou plus d'expérience de travail dans une grande organisation matricielle Certification pertinente en matière de sécurité de l'information (CISSP, CISM) Solides compétences en matière de communication, tant orale qu’écrite Bilinguisme parlé et écrit en français et en anglais Maîtrise en sciences informatiques, génie informatique, cybersécurité ou domaine connexe Expérience en informatique dans le secteur du commerce de détail Expérience de gestion avec responsabilité hiérarchique directe Expérience de gestion dans un environnement Agile Connaissance approfondie des concepts fondamentaux de la sécurité de l'information liés à la recherche de menaces, à la gestion des vulnérabilités, aux infrastructures de sécurité, à la gestion des incidents et aux enquêtes Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Starbucks et Tim Hortons Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de Lowe’s Canada) Des avantages sociaux : régime de retraite, primes annuelles, régime d’achat d’actions, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc. Des horaires flexibles et du télétravail Des bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques La possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté Et plus encore! 
ScrapedJobID1433:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures. Work closely with key stakeholders to prioritize requirements and communicate different messages effectively to different audiences. Liaison between business, operations, and technology and innovation teams to accurately gather, analyze, document and deliver business requirements. Perform needs analysis based on business requirements and ensure solutions being proposed meets the organizational and business goals. Participate project development activities including, but are not limited to, documentation of business value drivers, analysis/research of needs, gathering, documenting and updating business outcomes and conduct information gathering sessions. Development of concise and professional execute presentation material. Adapts to changing business priorities and business needs during active design periods; and ability to keep Requirement Definitions and other documentation updated accordingly. Bilingual Spanish is considered an asset. Bachelor’s or post-graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business or equivalent experience. Business Analyst with 5 years of Business Analysis or other equivalent strategic planning competencies. Project experience in complex environments, including cross-functional, international, or cross-organizational teams and stakeholders across multiple sites, including field operations, head office and regional offices. Knowledge of BABOK (Business Analysis Body of Knowledge) is an asset. Knowledge of TOGAF Exploration & Mining Business Capability Models and their use in digital strategy development is considered an asset. Mining industry experience is an asset, specifically in areas of mining, processing, maintenance and engineering operations technologies. Experience with IT technologies including industrial networking, software development, control systems, cyber security, industrial embedded hardware strongly desired. Industrial infrastructure experience is an asset. Familiarity with Mining or Natural Resources industry is preferred. Exceptional communications (verbal and written) skills including development of executive presentation material and business justification documents. Excellent analytical capabilities, problem-solving abilities and strong knowledge of business analysis techniques. Ability to work comfortably with a high degree of autonomy in an environment of fast paced change and a highly distributed team. Highly drive, effective, versatile and action-oriented. Proficient in the use of and other tools used to capture business processes and create road maps. Proficient in Microsoft Office tools (O365), SharePoint (Online), Visio, Teams. 
ScrapedJobID1434:
Creating RFC for incidents and maintenance requests properly aligning with our release calendars and embargo periods Communicating to our stakeholders on incidents, scheduled outages, and releases Creating internal and external service requests and following up until resolution Work collaboratively with our different downstream owners and support groups at various capacities in analyzing and resolving incidents (SSO, EFT, system outages, security) following IT processes (Change/Incident Management, Cyber Security, Management Approvals, etc.) Support and consider configuration management, security, quality control in designs/implementations Support our developers in functional knowledge, analysis and testing capacity in troubleshooting issues or any enhancements Support Integrations between Oracle HCM and other applications like Timekeeper, employee benefits providers, Pension, Total rewards, Discounts, company active directory etc. Create, update and monitor batch processing on our SaaS applications Facilitate meetings and JAD sessions with various IT groups, HR functional and business partners to understand requirements and processes and translate them into technical requirements Conduct and support ITQA/functional teams in test planning and functional/system testing Facilitate the review and prototyping sessions on SaaS product upgrades Identify project scope, estimate efforts and duration to complete tasks Design and assist with IT process improvements to ensure quality and quantity of work being delivered Managing technical aspects of application software (GUI, SSO, user interfaces, and third-party components, server bounce, restart) Configure, build and personalized Oracle HCM views, workflows, BI Reports, HCM extracts, Fast Formulas Work closely on a timely basis with functional teams in supporting BAU activities from onboarding, generating system ids to payroll, benefits, etc. 5+ years of technical experience on various Oracle HCM Cloud modules (Core HR, Benefits, Payroll, Absence, Self-Service, Absence Management) Proficient in Oracle Cloud HCM application architecture Expertise in HCM Data Loader, Spreadsheet Loader Expertise in OTBI, BI Publisher, HCM Extract Expertise in Oracle Cloud Fast Formulas – HCM, Payroll, Benefits, Comp Expertise in SQL, PL/SQL, HRMS API’s, EBS Fast Formulas Experience with software development support tools (e.g., JIRA, HP ALM etc.) Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science Must have strong problem solving and analytical skills Extremely detail-oriented, and able to produce accurate, precise work under minimal supervision and tight deadlines Strong time management skills and attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent written and oral communication as well as project management skills Knowledge of SOA or Oracle Integration Cloud would be an asset Knowledge of Kronos would be an asset Knowledge of SuccessFactors (eBiz/LMS) would be an asset Knowledge in WIM would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1435:
Réaliser les travaux d’analyse supportés par une documentation pour appuyer les résultats du diagnostic; Formuler des recommandations relativement à la sécurité des solutions technologiques en considérant l'arrimage des initiatives déjà réalisées en lien avec les meilleures pratiques et encadrements; Conseiller et appuyer les secteurs dans les décisions et l’orientation du projet. Posséder un diplôme dans un domaine pertinent; Détenir dix (10) années d'expérience pertinente en sécurité des technologies de l’information, dont cinq (5) années obtenues, dans des environnements d'envergure et de complexité; Avoir œuvré durant cinq (5) années à titre de spécialiste en sécurité; Connaître et maitriser les meilleures pratiques d’architecture; Être résolu à augmenter la satisfaction et l’expérience client et le démontrer concrètement. Intégration et suivi personnalisés; Service de gestion de carrière; Programme de référencement attractif; Club social dynamique; Selon les politiques de nos clients, possibilité de travailler en télétravail ou en horaire variable. 
ScrapedJobID1436:

ScrapedJobID1437:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Provides timely delivery of customer communications regarding troubleshooting and restoration of services Tier 2 Remote Support & incident resolution Develops, maintains, and continually improves standardized work practices Work with Aligned vendors for Tier 3 Support Assist in establishing governance, process and identify efficiencies Providing reports and activity updates to Team Lead / Supervisor Bring subject matter expertise and leadership in the area of network support Using workflow tools to reflect the current status of tickets, tasks, effort/labour etc. Identifying areas to create, improve and maintain intellectual property Work collaboratively within the broader engineering team 5+ year’s previous hands-on technical experience with network technologies Competence in the configuration and troubleshooting of networking hardware, specifically switches, routers, firewalls and wireless access points considered a strong asset Demonstrated experience in working within teams to support IT environments Ability to create technical documentation, both written and diagrammatical using tools such as Word, Power Point and Visio Candidates will hold CCNP Enterprise or Data Center certifications. NetApp NCDA would also be preferred 
ScrapedJobID1438:
Collaborate on the implementation of IAM and PAM projects. Collaborate in the development and modelling of BDC future GIA ecosystem. Translate business requirements into technical objectives for development and infrastructure teams. Carry out strategic planning for GIA ecosystem. Perform functional analysis/prepare files. Establish a governance framework to ensure compliance to BDC Internal Controls. Develop user guides and technical documents. Implement company-wide solutions for analyzing data and producing reports and, therefore, analyze data from internal and external sources and communicate the analysis results to submit recommendations to senior management. Build and maintain excellent client relationships. Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Business Administration or any other relevant field, with extra courses or certifications in information and cybersecurity (CISA, CRISC, etc.). At least 5-10 years of experience in the Information Technologies field. At least 3-4 years of GIA experience. Knowledge of key IAM market solutions (Sailpoint, AzureAD, Forgerock, etc). Practical change and quality management experience. Experience working in a complex environment. Ability to work on several projects simultaneously. Team player with good communication, problem-solving and leadership skills. Bilingualism in English and French. 
ScrapedJobID1439:
Function as a Data Protection subject matter expertise in data protection related areas such as Data Discovery, Data Classification and Tagging, Data Loss Prevention, Data Anonymization, Deletion, Encryption, etc. Understand process and materials related to data discovery, DLP, anonymization and deletion. Knowledge on data protection capabilities offered by cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS and GCP. Project delivery, as required by the scope of specific client engagements, which includes Assessment/Strategy through to the Design, Implementation and Optimisation of data protection, data privacy principles and regulatory environment solutions and products. Engagement management, including project planning, budget management, and resource management. Business development activities throughout the entire opportunity lifecycle, including lead generation, opportunity tracking, pre-sales presentations, technical demos, client & engagement risk assessments, bid management, proposal writing, and contract management. Practice development, including work on delivery methodology, training, and sales and marketing materials. Multitasking on multiple projects and tasks with contending priorities in a fast-paced environment. Working with other Cybersecurity & Privacy teams on non-data protection projects as required. Coach and train new and/or more junior team members to become an integral part of the Data Protection team, Cybersecurity & Privacy Consulting practice and PwC family. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work. A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives. Ability to be recognized as the subject matter specialist in data protection when our client requires. Industry Certifications (CISSP, CIPP, CCSP, PMP, etc.) would be an asset. Experience working on data protection capabilities within Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) would be an asset. Demonstrates experience providing technical guidance for designing, testing, and implementing two or more of the following data protection capabilities:
Data Loss Prevention
Data Discovery
Data Anonymization / Deletion
Data Classification and Tagging
Encryption / Tokenization Data Loss Prevention Data Discovery Data Anonymization / Deletion Data Classification and Tagging Encryption / Tokenization Practical experience with conducting risk assessments and testing of data protection and privacy controls. Industry-specific compliance/regulatory experience (e.g. banking, fintech, life sciences, telecommunications, etc.) is a plus. Solid oral and written communication skills. Be able to present findings and recommendations from security assessments to senior leadership including VPs, CISO, CIO, and other C-Suite stakeholders. Experience working with SIEM solutions, and log-ingestion and analysis for insider threat and CSOC would be an asset. Demonstrates capability to interact with end users to understand and document business and functional requirements, and drive technical tasks across the implementation and operationalization of data protection solutions. Ability to architect, implement and integrate solutions that provide various data protection capabilities for enterprises. 
ScrapedJobID1440:
Providing day-to-day maintenance and support of client IT infrastructure. Configuring and managing virtual servers. Operating and maintaining production systems, as well as providing hardware and software support. Maintaining a high level of direct client interaction. Monitoring systems operations using enterprise-level tools Communicate with customers via telephone, in writing or in person. Provide status updates on outstanding tickets and current projects Microsoft Windows Server and Cloud Solutions, Azure, Microsoft Office, Networking, Windows, Firewalls, VOIP Telephony, Routing Professional Development Assistance Health Benefits Package Flex Days High River, Alberta 44 hours Monday to Friday Weekends and after hours on call in rotation Commission pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call High River, AB: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) Computer networking: 2 years (preferred) driver's license (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1441:
Perform audit work in an optimal manner while meeting the deadlines and adhering to the budgets established in the planning phase; Communicate constantly with the senior advisor or manager responsible for the mandates; Document, in a clear and concise manner, the audit evidence obtained when performing audit work and validate its relevance and quality; Perform analyses of the impacts of control deficiencies on the financial data and the overall audit strategy; Build and maintain collaborative relationships within the department and with clients; Actively monitor external trends in IT, remote access functionalities, authentication mechanisms, threat and risk assessments, penetration testing and vulnerability assessments, and acquire knowledge on these subjects; Seize business development opportunities in order to offer the services of other departments to our clients as well as offer our services to potential new clients. An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work A demonstrated commitment to valuing differences and working alongside diverse people and perspectives Some experience in auditing IT general controls or in audit is considered an asset A university-level education or relevant experience in IT or accounting Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) certification, or work towards it, is considered an asset Professional accreditations in IT, audit and risk management, such as the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT), Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC) and Certification in Risk Management Assurance (CRMA) accreditations, are considered assets Good knowledge of IT technologies, practices and standards, security and IT infrastructure risks and controls, and IT control frameworks is considered an asset Experience in data analysis using ACL, Idea, Python, Alterix, QlikSense, Tableau or other relevant tools is considered an asset Experience in analyzing IT risks and internal controls, including in establishing control objectives and the control procedures to be implemented, is considered an asset Experience in analyzing the impacts of IT risks and internal controls on the financial, strategic and operational objectives of organizations is considered an asset Knowledge and experience in the following areas are considered assets: Audits of IT general controls and IT Security; auditing systems under development or being implemented; Control frameworks, including the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) and Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology (COBIT); IT and network security; Applications, databases and operating systems, in particular SAP, Oracle, JDE, SQL, Windows and UNIX; and Audit practices and standards Proven ability to accomplish multiple tasks in a dynamic and fast-paced environment Recognized superior analytical, conceptual and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently or as part of a team Ability to set priorities and solve problems Bilingual proficiency in French and English; Fluency in a third language, including, but not limited to, Italian, Mandarin or Hebrew is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1442:
This role is ideal for professional penetration testers who are interested in on a leadership role, and helping to build and mature the Bank’s Red Team Program. You take initiative and dedicate time to continuing your education, practising your craft and honing your skills. Patient, and seek to share knowledge and coach junior team members. You have strong customer service skills This role is ideal for penetration testing professionals with + 5 Years experience in penetration testing, and +10 years experience in Information Security overall. The ideal candidate has achieved multiple expert level industry recognized certifications (OSEE, OSCE, GXPN, OSWE, etc.) Experienced and familiar with defensive technologies, and able to identify organizational level control gaps, and articulate risk & recommendations to resolve. Possesses strong leaderships skills, and able to provide technical coaching to junior team members. Experienced in developing custom tooling, and leverage whitepapers and online resources to enhance testing practices for the team. Possesses an in-depth understanding of testing methodologies, within their area of expertise. (ex OWASP Web & Mobile testing methodologies and OSSTMM, and the MITRE ATT&CK Framework.) You possess strong communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English, and able to develop and present executive ready reports and presentations. The same in Spanish is a strong asset. Joining the Bank of Nova Scotia’s Cyber Security Red Team will enable you to enhance your cyber career by providing a wide range of opportunities and experiences to learn from, in addition to professional training. The Cyber Security Red Team encourages personal development of both technical and soft skills in alignment with personal development goals and career objectives, and offers advancement based on personal capabilities. As an inhouse team member, you will have the opportunity to work in a diverse team, that encourages team work, and provides learning opportunities, and time for knowledge sharing and individual projects. We have no stuffy dress codes; casual attire is welcome. We offer flexible work arrangements, with the ability to work remotely. A competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges. Free onsite & offsite employee parking with charging stations for electric vehicles onsite 
ScrapedJobID1443:
Must be bilingual (English & French), both spoken and written, with English or French being your first language/mother tongue Must have a minimum of 5 years prior experience working for a professional IT Services Firm, MSP, or MSSP Must minimally have Comptia NETWORK+ Certification or equivalent/greater certification Must have exceptional customer service and communication skills Must be highly Organized and Dependable Must have expertise in deploying, migrating, and supporting Windows Server Operating Systems. Must be methodical and have very strong troubleshooting skills Must have expert knowledge on Cyber Security Solutions, MS Windows Servers, VMware, Hyper-V, MS Exchange, Office 365, Azure, Amazon AWS, Veeam, DNS, DHCP, WiFi Controllers, Switching, Routing, Firewalls, IPSEC and L2TP VPN, VoIP/UC/PBX, etc. Design Infrastructure Solutions for SMB and Enterprise Clients Infrastructure and Cloud Related Projects Management Troubleshooting various server and network issues Server/SAN Infrastructure Deployments and Migrations Migrations to Cloud Infrastructures on AWS and Azure Regular client follow-ups, updates, and communications Escalation Assistance and Guidance for Level 2 Support Specialists Corporate network maintenance and management tasks IT Certifications like MCP, MSITP, MCSE, VCP, CCNA, SECURITY+, etc. Experience with ConnectWise/AutoTask/Kaseya/Datto or other PSA/RMM/IT Service Ticketing system MSP or IT Service Firm: 5 years (Required) AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (Required) Network+ or equivalent experience (Required) Quebec Driver's License (Required) English or French must be your first language/mother tongue (Required) Perfect English and French (Spoken and Written) (Required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1444:
Day-to-day administration of numerous operating environments including joint responsibility for our production environment Assist cross-functional teams with daily web operations tasks You have appreciation for the practices of Site Reliability Engineering You will be a steward of the service life cycle for products and services offered by Benevity Deployment of code to numerous operating environments; installation and configuration of demo/production/training environments Troubleshoot issues that arise in web-based operating environments, document defects in JIRA, work with colleagues to resolve issues Assist with sourcing and testing infrastructure enhancements before deployment Support web operations workflow automation using configuration management and continuous deployment frameworks Apply service delivery best practices Be a great teammate You are a learn a lot, not a know it all Post-secondary diploma, certificate or degree in an IT-related discipline or the wherewithal to have obtained such things Comfort with an outrageous number of acronyms AWS architecture including but not limited to: EC2, RDS, ALB, VPC, VPC Peering, Multi-AR, EFS, EBS, Beanstalk, autoscale groups, direct connect, etc You know what the Well Architected Framework is and how it relates to EC2, S3, RDS, VPCs, NATs, and more 5-7 years Linux/UNIX systems administration experience, preferably in a LAMPJ environment Familiarity with CentOS/RHEL, Apache, MySQL, PHP, Java, Tomcat, Reverse Proxies, Firewalls/NAT, HTTPS, SSL Certificates, SFTP, FTPS, DNS, SMTP Experience in configuration, implementation, and maintenance of SaaS platforms A fierce passion for availability, reliability, and short MTTR Mastery with at least one scripting language (BASH, Perl, Ruby, etc.) We code on this team You know SQL and can debug MySQL and MS-SQL Databases (slow queries, traces, killing queries) Are familiar with the practice of Infrastructure as Code and have done infrastructure coding (ansible and terraform) Familiarity with monitoring and metric collection systems Familiarity with information security best practices and tools Familiarity with backup strategies and tools CMS experience, Drupal preferred Version Control Systems (Git) 
ScrapedJobID1445:
Primarily focused on design, development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Engaging the vendor (Forgerock) for product update, issues, and software concurrency. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 4+ year experience and having a deep understanding of security solutions and protocols such as: Forgerock AM & DS, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, Windows Desktop SSO, LDAP Authentication, Radius, TOTP, MFA, Cross Domain SSO, SAML 2.0, Cryptography Architecture, Keystore would be required. 4+ years experience with Cloud Development and working in an agile environment is considered essential. 4+ years experience with Linux, shell scripting and Tomcat. 4+ years experience with reviewing code, proper documentation, and having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Strong experience with architecture design. Strong experience with production troubleshooting and performance analyzing. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience with Spring Boot back-end development is strongly considered. Experience with React/Redux front-end development is strongly considered. Experience with Ansible is strongly considered. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your “stamp” as we are undergoing multiple exciting and forward thinking initiatives. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID1446:
Salaire attrayant! Bonification pour le travail sous horaire atypique (en $ + en congé compensatoire) Télétravail (avec possibilité d'aller au bureau sur Québec ou sur Montréal) Ordinateur fourni + allocation pour achat de matériel + allocation de cellulaire Assurance collective complète REER 3 semaines de congés + congé des fêtes Diverses formations gratuites + budget annuel de 1 000 $ pour d'autres formations Club social ++ trier, analyser, traiter et documenter (vulgariser) les menaces survenues auprès de clients récurrents de l'entreprise effectuer la surveillance de menaces auprès de nouveaux clients de l'entreprise 2 ans d'expérience en cybersécurité Bilingue anglais/français Plus vous connaissez d'environnements technologiques, plus vous marquez de points Certifications en TI (atout) langages de scripting (atout) Etre disponible (les incidents peuvent survenir à tout moment! Compensation intéressante!) L'usage du genre masculin est utilisé sans aucune discrimination et dans le seul but d'alléger le texte. 
ScrapedJobID1447:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline. 3-5 years of experience in SOX and IT Compliance and/or ITGC audits. Knowledge of SOX ITGC, COSO, COBIT and PCAOB requirements. An in-depth understanding of technical concepts and ability to effectively communicate these concepts to Holder or working towards a professional IT designation (CISA, CISM, CGEIT) or a relevant accounting Excellent oral and written language skills. English essential. Experience in Information Security audit and IT governance (an asset). Working experience within cloud and hybrid environments (an asset). Familiarity with GRC toolsets Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively manage time Good attention to details, be a self-starter and take a proactive approach to business objectives Facilitates problem solving and collaboration Strong interpersonal skills, able to build relationships at all levels 
ScrapedJobID1448:

ScrapedJobID1449:
Tu as une bonne connaissance des concepts de cybersécurité et de cryptographie en particulier Tu as intégré et opéré des actifs de gestion des clés (Key Management System (KMS)) Tu as assuré l’opération d’actifs hautement disponibles (HA, 24/7) Tu es familier avec l’utilisation d’API REST Tu connais la containerisation et l’orchestration des micro-services (Docker et Kubernetes, Ansible) Tu es un intégrateur d’expérience qui aime les défis de transformation et d’intégration technologique Tu comprends l’intégration et le déploiement en continus (CI/CD) ainsi que le fonctionnement en équipe agile Tu connais les langages Python, Go, Java, YAML Tu souhaites apprendre et contribuer au développement de nouveaux outils et applications Tu as travaillé avec des systèmes cloud (AWS, Azure) Tu as travaillé dans des équipes qui suivent les bonnes pratiques de développement de logiciel (tests automatisés, code review, etc) Tu connais et adhères à la culture DevSecOps La connaissance d’un ou plusieurs des éléments suivants est un atout : 
ScrapedJobID1450:
Identify risks related to IT business processes and assess management’s response to risk, including avoidance, acceptance and mitigation Measure risks associated with complex IT requirements and provide recommendations for resolution Coordinate with audit and compliance teams with process changes/updates Develop or participate in the development of Key Risk Indicators and monitor compliance Report on quality of risk management measures and present findings to appropriate client stakeholders Undergraduate university degree, preferably in Computer Science or Information Systems Professional certification desired (CISA, CISSP, CISM). For the Ottawa market, a university degree and one of the aforementioned certifications are mandatory Demonstrated experience in risk management and information systems Understanding and/or experience in industry-accepted risk management methods (e.g., NIST) Experience in identifying risks, presenting these risks, and providing resolutions or steps for mitigation Good communication skills and the ability to facilitate meetings and gain consensus for decisions Strong oral and relationship skills are essential to interact effectively with clients Demonstrated skills in report writing are essential, along with effective presentation abilities Candidates must have a consultative nature, with solid managerial skills in building client relationships and managing projects Candidates must be self-motivated in order to work independently We require individuals who have a commitment to providing excellence in client service, with a sense of responsibility and maturity to listen to client business issues, think through a situation, consider alternative solutions, and suggest practical actions Comfortable with Microsoft suite products i.e., Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio and Project For the Ottawa market, Federal security clearance is mandatory (at least Enhanced Reliability and ability to secure Secret or Level -2 clearance) Test design and operating effectiveness of ITGCs Interact with clients to manage receipt of information and delivery of completed testing within target timelines Documentation within the firm's documentation tool Professional designation an asset Government and public sector experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID1451:
Administer security configuration in MS portal for Azure, M365 Defender and respond to incidents and alerts Implement MS security configuration for Azure, M365 Defender and Teams; assess security requirements and controls and ensures that security controls are implemented as necessary. Works closely with IT and development teams to design secure cloud and on-prem infrastructure solutions and applications, facilitating the implementation of protective and mitigating controls. Configure and maintain Security tools to Monitor, alert and report on EPS cloud and network security status. Provides senior leadership with reports and metrics on cyber security related incidents and activities. 3-5 years’ work experience in cyber security would be considered an asset. Security Certification in CISM, GIAC, SSCP, CCSP or similar are highly desirable. In-depth knowledge of Microsoft Cloud Admin portals. Good understanding of NIST Cyber Security Framework. Excellent verbal and written presentation skills. Applicants may be tested. 
ScrapedJobID1452:

ScrapedJobID1453:
Location: Etobicoke Job Type: Full Time Industry: IT Services Number of Vacancies: 2 1-5 years experience in IT support. Solid spoken French and English proficiency is a must. New learning (cloud or security or other IT related subject) in last 2 years is a must. Good understanding of IT concepts for networking, servers, client support. Specialty in an area would be a plus. (In cyber-security, networking, MDM, other) Have good ability to talk to clients. No 
ScrapedJobID1454:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1455:
Contribute to the mitigation and resolution of security incidents. Perform assessments and research on threats, vulnerabilities and risks related to our multi-cloud SaaS cloud environment. Work with the DLP team to identify and activate controls to protect data leaks from web and cloud applications. Develop integration and operationalization procedures. Continuously update the service documentation. Creation and management of usage report / statistics of the various Cloud services. Bachelor's degree in computer engineering, or a related field. A minimum of 5 years of experience in infrastructure operations and projects. A minimum of 3 years of experience with cloud computing services. A minimum of 3 years of experience in the implementation of tools and technologies related to security development operations. In-depth knowledge of operational cybersecurity, data protection techniques and cloud security. With a Cloud Certification (Ex: AWS and / or Azure Solutions Architect) and other certifications related to security like CISSP and SSCP is an asset. Experience in an operations development environment and in maintaining security in continuous integration and delivery pipelines is an asset. Knowledge of the command line interface and / or a programming language, such as Python, PowerShell, Bash, C / C ++ is an asset. Design of Tables, alerts and reports via tools like PowerBI, Splunk is an asset. Team player and good communication skills. Ability to easily present the project to different resources (Technical and non-technical). Sense of leadership, responsibility and responsiveness. Great professional ethics and pragmatic spirit. Strong ability to propose solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1456:

ScrapedJobID1457:
Taking ownership of critical Major Incidents within the company's environment, coordinating with resolution technology parties, and establishing effective communication. Ensure all Technology services are available as per agreed Service Levels (Availability Management) Leading, driving, facilitating & chairing all investigation activities, meetings, and conference calls. Issue executive or business communications as required and perform key stakeholder management  * Ensure all reports, OKR's and Key documentation is kept up to date. Maintaining high-performance service levels for the core service management processes and implementing improvements where ever necessary Partner with peers globally to achieve the goals of the stable organization. Including but not limited to: o Liaison with Problem Management team to ensure appropriate actions are followed by respective teams to ensure life cycle progression is maintained Liaison with the Change Management team to ensure appropriate scrutiny is brought to bear on all infra-related changes that may affect the stability of the environment as a whole. Participate in leading and helping drive strategic initiatives across the whole of the technology organization. Enable and champion an IT service-oriented culture. Work with Infrastructure and Applications groups to optimize the availability of the IT infrastructure services to deliver stable, high-performing services that deliver tangible benefits to business units. Provide a range of IT availability reporting to ensure that agreed levels of availability, reliability, and maintainability are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. Provide holistic management of availability that includes people, processes, and technology. Take actions to achieve reductions in frequency and duration of incidents that impact IT availability. Taking account of the service delivery performance, meeting the company expectations, and driving the demand Management of escalated complaints and feedback ensuring all are responded to in a professional manner to the satisfaction of IT / business stakeholders. Leading personnel management, including performance assessment, training, and mentoring  * Ensures cohesive, high-quality service is seen by the business by working closely with other IT teams across the enterprise to ensure service continuity. Responsibility for the overall development, continual improvement, and operational delivery of IT services Recommending methods of improvement and seeing that actions are implemented on time for service upgrades Building strong relationships with teams and stakeholders to enable effective dialogue exchange between departments Providing accurate and regular reports to the management on the performance of the service delivery Leading personnel management, including staff recruitment, performance assessment, training, and mentoring Minimum 2+ years of Leadership Experience. Experience working in a Global IT Service Delivery environment is essential. Proficiency in IT service management software including ITIL principles and COBIT. Financial Services Experience a key advantage, highly pressurized environment an essential.  * Infectious enthusiasm for Service Delivery, Major Incident Management, Availability Management Excellent People skills with the ability to act with influence. Outstanding communication skills; able to converse at senior management and engineer level. High-energy, confident professional with an ability to remain calm and take control in a crisis. Open-minded, flexible, and willing to listen to other people’s opinions. Interpersonal skills necessary to effectively communicate over the phone with a variety of individuals and at all technical levels Day shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1458:
Integration between Service Now and Privileged Access Management application Identify security issues and risks, and develop mitigation plans Architect, design, implement, support, and evaluate security-focused tools and services including project leadership roles Develop and interpret security policies and procedures Participate in security compliance efforts Develop and deliver training materials and perform general security awareness and specific security technology training Evaluate and recommend new and emerging security products and technologies 5+ years of technical experience in Javascript, Java, python or powershell 5+ years of previous experience with Privileged Access Management tools 2 years hands-on experience in consuming RESTful API calls and setting up API endpoints Strong understanding and application of MS Tools (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, etc.) Hands-on and sound Knowledge of access control and management across various information system platforms, namely Unix based systems with technical understanding of other platforms (OS, Applications, Databases) Advanced troubleshooting skills and ability to resolve RDP and SSH connectivity issues Possess advanced communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in English Strong experience and detailed technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security Consistent implementation of security solutions Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Excellent teamwork skills Able to work independently and manage time effectively Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Intermediate communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills in Spanish Experience in infrastructure or application-level vulnerability testing and auditing Currently holding or is working towards CISSP certification is preferred 
ScrapedJobID1459:
Establishing and managing a portfolio of projects over multiple years to implement an integrated, corporate-wide program Make complex decisions and recommendations on project resource assignments and program level day-to-day approvals within the scope Manage program budgets, schedules of projects, and sequencing of projects Lead solution efforts to program and project issues and provides recommended options to mitigate risks Lead and direct projects managers for multiple projects executing concurrently, developing strategies and approaches for implementation of the program and long-term sustainment under the direction of senior leadership and sponsors Lead program-level resources, managing and collaborating with key suppliers, and providing ongoing communication, risk management, and quality management for the program Provide direction, review and refine deliverables from multiple senior resources across business units within the organization as required A minimum of 10 years of IT program management experience At least 8 years of hands-on project management experience in cybersecurity Good understanding of cybersecurity requirements, processes and maturity models Experience with asset inventory, tools and processes is a strong asset. Exposure to SCADA environments is preferred Ability to make decisions and recommendations on highly technical or complex issues and without formal guidelines or precedents and exercises resourcefulness and ingenuity to interpret policy 
ScrapedJobID1460:

ScrapedJobID1461:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID1462:
Be a subject matter expert on the designated partner’s products, programs and go to market strategies that the team is aligned to and communicate them to CDW sales. Assist Partner and Solution specialists with account mapping and field alignment activities with partners and sales Create sales plans and activities with Business Development Managers to focus them on hunting and driving net new business with their brands Attend customer facing events and/or conference calls to communicate the value add of CDW Facilitate training for the team on their assigned partners, or on competitive technologies to allow them to best represent their solutions to customers and sellers. Develop and execute to quarterly sales plan Complete monthly reporting on team utilization, including sales engagement, pipeline and market trends Cultivate relationships between partner sales team, CDW Sales, & Leadership teams. Act as a liaison between CDW Sales, Integrated Technology, and Product and Partner Management (PPM) to identify opportunities for product, program and partner alignment improvements Understand the market trends impacting the partners the team represents as well as be able to identify and communicate wins/challenges of the business internally and externally Have excellent knowledge of CDW service offerings and the process in which account managers attach them to products Proficient in CDW tools and process such as SPS, AS400, bid desk, returns etc. Develop and track KPIs for all roles in the Specialists organization to help focus the team and achieve CDW and partner goals Support discussion with partners and PPM around investment in CDW coworkers in Specialists team to help drive growth their brand is looking for with CDW Facilitate training for the team on new or critical CDW offers, which includes those for the brands they are assigned and attach items like warranty, services, etc. 2+ years of related experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience Technology product sales or marketing experience Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities/projects, meet deadlines, facilitate change and delegate responsibilities Strong problem-solving skills with demonstrated ability to find solutions Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (specifically Excel including formulas, pivot tables and charts) Ability to communicate effectively and in a constructive manner with management, peers, and coworkers Customer Focus and Service minded Ability to think creatively and come up with proactive ideas that will increase sales Must be able to communicate effectively and in a constructive manner with management, peers and coworkers Proven group presentations skills Motivated and self-starting Team Player and time management 3+ years of experience in vendor management, as brand manager, as partner manager or related experience 
ScrapedJobID1463:
You have a good knowledge of cybersecurity and cryptography concepts in particular You integrated and operated key management assets (Key Management System (KMS)) You ensured the operation of highly available assets (HA, 24/7) You are familiar with the use of REST API You know the containerization and orchestration of micro-services (Docker and Kubernetes, Ansible) You are an experienced integrator who enjoys the challenges of transformation and technological integration You understand the integration and continuous deployment (CI / CD) as well as the functioning of an agile team You know the languages Python, Go, Java, YAML You want to learn and contribute to the development of new tools and applications You have worked with cloud systems (AWS, Azure) You have worked in teams that follow good software development practices (automated tests, code review, etc.) You know and adhere to the DevSecOps culture Knowledge of one or more of the following is an asset: 
ScrapedJobID1464:
Primarily focused on design, development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Engaging the vendor (Forgerock) for product update, issues, and software concurrency. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 4+ year experience and having a deep understanding of security solutions and protocols such as: Forgerock AM & DS, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, Windows Desktop SSO, LDAP Authentication, Radius, TOTP, MFA, Cross Domain SSO, SAML 2.0, Cryptography Architecture, Keystore would be required. 4+ years experience with Cloud Development and working in an agile environment is considered essential. 4+ years experience with Linux, shell scripting and Tomcat. 4+ years experience with reviewing code, proper documentation, and having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Strong experience with architecture design. Strong experience with production troubleshooting and performance analyzing. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience with Spring Boot back-end development is strongly considered. Experience with React/Redux front-end development is strongly considered. Experience with Ansible is strongly considered. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your “stamp” as we are undergoing multiple exciting and forward thinking initiatives. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID1465:
Deliver services from within the Privacy Practice to the client base, this includes risk assessments, best practise guidance, and analysis of gaps that exist in the client’s environment or strategy Application of regulation-mandated policies, procedures, and training materials, and promoting a culture of data protection compliance across business functions Assessment and auditing of information technology infrastructure, and information security practices Analysis, validation and documentation of existing business processes and mapping functional and non-functional requirements Performing gap analysis and identifying areas for improvement Advising internal / external stakeholders around regulatory questions, risks and issues Communicating with stakeholders and managing their expectations, working closely with internal and external parties, both local and remote Analysis of business requirements to ensure completeness of information and they are completely clear for the alignment teams. Helping maintain and revising policies and procedures for the general operation of an overall Privacy program Proactively auditing processes, practices and documents to identify weaknesses Evaluating business activities to assess compliance risk Familiarity with industry practices and professional standards in Privacy, Risk and Security compliance Experience with data incident response, information security, privacy and compliance Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; experience with cross-cultural communications Ability to understand complex business issues and present them in a straightforward way 3-5 years of experience desirable Agile and flexible, capable of dealing with ambiguity, and confront challenges and opportunities with speed, endurance and decisiveness Quick learner, motivated to explore imaginative solutions, draw insights from experiences and seek perspective from others Training and development for career growth 25 Days Holiday RRSP Healthcare Life Assurance Flexible working 
ScrapedJobID1466:
Design models and data transformations to develop advanced encryption and anonymization techniques for Geotab’s PII and geo-spatial datasets. Research and develop machine learning models and strategies on encrypted and anonymized data. Build state-of-the-art machine learning models to verify the level of security of the developed techniques and conduct motivated intruder attacks on Geotab’s anonymized data. Work collaboratively with with third parties on motivated intruder attacks. Design models and data transformations that further Geotab’s anonymization techniques. Assist Data Privacy Specialist in technical assessment of privacy impact assessments as needed. Generate reports and communicate results of analyses to the Data Privacy Specialist. Generate queries from Geotab’s Big Data Infrastructure from Data Warehousing database (i.e. Google BigQuery). Use Machine Learning (ML) packages (e.g. Scikit-learn and Tensorflow) to develop ML models and features. Work with data operations and ML ops teams to scale models and transformations that have been developed at an enterprise level. Collaborate with internal technical teams to gather requirements. Post-secondary Degree/Diploma with specialization in Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field. 3-5 years experience as a Data Scientist or a similar role. Understanding of machine learning and operations research. Thorough knowledge of programming languages (e.g. Python, SQL, C++) and object-oriented programming. Thorough knowledge of Big Data tools and Data Mining/Warehousing Programs (e.g. Google BigQuery). Experience working with geo-spatial datasets. Experience with machine learning techniques (e.g. Scikit-learn, Tensorflow).Experience using/building business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks. Experience working within a technical or engineering organization, with knowledge of the high-technology industry is an asset. High accuracy and meticulous attention to detail. Highly organized and able to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously. Must stay relevant to technology and should have the flexibility to adapt to the growing technology and market demands. Strong analytical skills with the ability to problem solve to well-judged decisions. Strong team-player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization. Technical competence using software programs, including but not limited to, Google Suite for business (Sheets, Docs, Slides). Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization. 
ScrapedJobID1467:
Keep all documents and proprietary information confidential; Work independently on assigned tasks and provide advice and support to the client's Cloud enablement and Cloud Security teams; Attend meetings with stakeholders and partners, as required by the Technical Authority and document Record Of Decisions (RODs), technical solutions, requirements and/or meeting outcomes; Participate in the Cloud Security Monitoring Team's daily operational meetings; Attend meetings at client sites, as required by the Technical Authority; and Prepare work plans and schedules of work. Work with Cloud Enablement and Cloud Security teams to monitor and manage the Exchange online systems; Review and manage security policies and tools to monitor and defend the client's email, such as but not limited to Sender Policy Framework, DomainKeys Identified Mail, Domain-based Message Authentication, anti-phishing, anti-spam, anti-malware, safe attachments, and safe links; Evaluate, document, and recommend cloud security services in the areas of: Identity and Access Management, Network Security, Endpoint Security, Data Security, and Threat Monitoring and Detection; Identify technology, process, and operational capability gaps for implementing and operating cloud security services, including but not limited to gaps between email security online and on-premises; Write and/or develop, standardized configurations, SOPs, implementation guides, training materials, and technical documentation related to the delivery of Cloud security services; Assist the Cloud Security Monitoring Team with tasks related to email security such as but not limited to email header analysis, email journaling requests, ATIP request, and threat hunt; Assist in the creation of alerts and automation that will enhance the client's Cloud and email security; Monitor and manage the client's Cloud quarantined and junk email folders and recommend/adjust rules or policies where required on the approval of the TA; Review and align Cloud security services with CCCS, TBS and the client's guidance, directives and policies associated with the use of public cloud; Assist with the client's hybrid Exchange design and implementation; Manage internal and external connectors, including but not limited to TLS connections. Research and report weekly on the latest threat information related to Azure, Office 365 and Exchange online; and Perform other tasks related to email and Cloud security as designated by the TA. A valid Secret security clearance Experience with Microsoft Exchange and Exchange Online in large organisations; IM/IT Security experience in large organisations; Cloud security experience in large organisations (Microsoft Azure in particular); and Vast and proven experience in IT in general. 
ScrapedJobID1468:
Customer focused/Can do: You take a can-do attitude to solving customer problems, and you are laser focused on delivering a positive service experience. Dependable & Accountable: You are committed to showing up prepared, on time, communicating clearly with all stakeholders, and making and keeping commitments. No excuses. Respect & Empathy: We treat all our stakeholders with respect because every person deserves to be treated with care. That includes colleagues, customers and vendors. Self-improvement: he selected candidate will show a commitment to lifelong learning and improvement. Both remote and onsite technical support for client issues Management of advanced technologies such as UTM / Firewall, Virtualization, VoIP Servers, VPNs, O365 Management, SQL Database management and others Responding to and assisting clients with common technical issues, while meeting customer service and response time (SLA) objectives. Understanding client needs and suggesting solutions to achieve their goals. Assist Level 1/2 technicians with anything requiring escalation. Perform proactive remote and on-site tech support to clients for networking, hardware, software. You will be assigned specific clients who will be your primary responsibility. Troubleshoot customers’ technical issues and fully document actions and results. Configure new computer equipment (i.e. Firewalls, Servers, WiFi, networking, NAS drives, Access Points, computers, switches, printers, scanners etc.). Create and document internal processes and procedures and follow existing processes and guidelines for routine tasks. Onboarding new clients Conduct research to aid in troubleshooting and issue resolution Create and update configuration documentation for client’s computer environments Managing multiple projects/tasks simultaneously. Provide after-hours support and maintenance to clients and their systems as required. Primarily with the goal of minimizing client downtime. Available for after-hour/weekend on-call support based on a rotating schedule Delivering a WOW experience for our clients Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal Working as a team (with other technicians and management) to improve customer service, client perception and satisfaction. Responding to clients in a timely manner once notified of an issue. Document all work performed, as it is performed, in our PSA tool, and keep the client informed of the status of issue resolution. Provide maintenance and support of internal IT systems. Perform regular backup test restores to ensure backups are being performed properly. Participate in team meetings by reporting on status of to-do's, quarterly initiatives and metrics, and helping to identify and resolve service delivery and customer issues. Understanding your clients’ businesses and gaining an understanding of how technology relates to their business strategy, goals and operations. Ability to quickly and properly analyze an issue and take the proper steps to resolve it - or elevate it to the proper resource for resolution. Proactively monitor internal support queue to ensure timely resolution of issues Must be self-motivated and self-directed with ability to work in a fast-moving environment. Other duties as assigned STRONG working knowledge of firewall configuration and management for at least one of the following: Sophos XG, SonicWALL, Cisco ASA, Juniper Ability to independently install and support VoIP phone systems, specifically Asterisk / FreePBX Technical proficiency with advanced networking skills such as: VLANs, Mesh WiFi and IPsec VPN Technical proficiency with administration of Microsoft 365 / Exchange, and Google Workspace Ability to install and support Microsoft desktop and server operating systems and related programs (including Active Directory management) Ability to install and support Apple Mac OS/X desktop operating systems and related programs Comprehensive knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu & CentOS), iOS and Android Ability to design, install and support server and desktop virtualization environments built on VMware ESX/i, Microsoft Hyper-V and Citrix Xen platforms Experience with remote access tools like LogMeIn, AnyDesk, etc. Familiarity with Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Exchange, Sharepoint and SQL Server Proficient with common peripherals: Printers, Routers, WiFi, UPS’s, Firewalls, Switches Proficient with basic hardware repairs, eg. replacing laptop hard drive, RAM upgrade, etc. Experience supporting various disaster recovery and backup solutions Experience with cloud service platforms like AWS, Google, BackBlaze and others Proactive approach to support. Ability to identify problems in advance in order to continuously improve service delivery. Proven problem solver Self-motivated and passionate about technology and IT support NOTE: If you do not meet ALL of the above criteria, you will not be considered for this position. Microsoft certifications (MCSA, MCSE, etc.) Apple certifications Cisco certification Ability to perform simple cabling jobs (Cat 5e, Cat 6, patch panels, etc.) Familiarity with Intuit QuickBooks Familiarity with other key software applications, eg. Adobe Creative Cloud Familiarity with Line-of-Business Software such as Sage One, Accpac, Spectra, Yardi, etc. MUST have at least 8 years practical experience working directly with end-users MUST have relevant experience with all the Mandatory items listed above Must be totally committed to delivering customer delight Must be comfortable working in a team and individually Must have a can-do attitude Must be customer focused Must show a sense of urgency to customer and team requests/issues Must be respectful and empathetic to colleagues and customers Must be dedicated to continual improvement Must be a strong problem solver Must be dependable, and accountable Must be well organized Must be willing to conform to company standards Must be able to handle stressful situations in a congenial manner Must have great people skills – this is a client facing support role Must establish and maintain working relationships with clients and coworkers Must be prepared to occasionally work after-hours or on weekends as required Must have strong verbal and written communication skills Must be able to explain technical concepts in non-technical language While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for periods of time, while using hands to use a computer or other technologies. The employee is frequently required to see, talk, and hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds when transporting PC and network equipment. The technician works primarily in an office setting with light to moderate noise. Requires local travel, a vehicle, and a valid Ontario driver’s license. Must be able to pass a Criminal Background Check prior to the end of the interview process. If selected for a Level Two Interview, costs associated with the Criminal Records Check will be reimbursed by Connectability. If you do not meet all the criteria listed above, please do not bother applying for this position. You will NOT be considered. Please respond via the job posting. NO AGENCIES, NO DROP INS. While we welcome your application, we will respond only to those candidates who, in our sole opinion, meet the requirements of the position. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call Do you have access to a vehicle? How many years of experience do you have as a customer-facing IT Support Technician? drivers license (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1469:
Maintain an appropriate level of communication with stakeholders for each project you work Verify and update all documentation pertaining to each project you work Share and collaborate with peers to increase the knowledge and experience of the team Collaborate with your team members and work together to help each other solve incidents Follow standardized procedures and create new procedures when required Be part of the on-call team for After hours support that is needed outside of business hours Frequent local travel to and from client's offices Some long-distance travel may be required Fluent, clear spoken English Excellent written English (to create clear, concise, client-facing communications) Excellent verbal/written communication and interpersonal skills Ability to rapidly learn and deploy new technologies you haven't worked with before Resourcefulness to find answers and solve problems Ability to think strategically and creatively to solve problems 3+ years' experience working in a multi-person IT department or IT service provider Intermediate to Expert-level experience with Microsoft Windows Server / Active Directory Microsoft SQL Server / other SQL databases (MySQL, Oracle etc.) Microsoft Exchange Server / Office 365 Networking (VLAN, QoS, VPN, Routing, Firewalls, DNS etc.) Virtualization (VMWare, Hyper-V, Xen etc.) Linux / Unix Apple OSX Apple iOS Android OS Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1470:
Provides input and develops recommendations for process and customer service improvements. Stays abreast of financial crimes risk trends, relevant regulations and compliance standards. Monitors and analyzes various information provided through detection systems, tools, reports, or manually to evaluate, investigate and determine required actions. Supports the collection of evidence and information to be used for multiple purposes including incident reports/filings, loss prevention, litigation and criminal prosecution, management information and statistics, and process improvements. Documents actions and information found throughout the investigation to develop and maintain account/case files. Develops and maintains an understanding of the financial crime management processes, frameworks and techniques. Gathers and formats data into regular and ad-hoc reports, and dashboards. Analyzes data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Executes routine tasks such as service requests, transactions, queries etc. within relevant service level agreements. Provides notification, information and instructions to internal/external stakeholders related to incidents as necessary. Completes complex & diverse tasks within given rules/limits and may include handling escalations from other employees. Analyzes issues and determines next steps. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Knowledge of risk and regulatory requirements as they apply to financial crimes is an asset. Pin Drop experience preferred Knowledge of banking products, services, processes, and organization is an asset. Specialized knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - Good. Organization skills - Good. Collaboration & team skills - Good. Analytical and problem solving skills - Good. 
ScrapedJobID1471:
Platform: to protect the clients most critical data by isolating it from their operational backup environment Platform: to isolate the network with limited replication windows Data: to understand which critical data to replicate to the vault Data: to enable scanning tools to identify anomalies and potential threats Data: to establish ability to identify a clean copy of the data and use it for recovery after an attack 7+ years of progressive post-graduate IT and business consulting experience Ability to leading teams towards an outcome and break down impediments Consulting and Sales fundamentals skills Experience with IBM Resiliency Orchestration and tools Experience with Cyber data / DR solution with Actifio 8.x+ Experience with RedHat Ansible, Ansible Tower RHEL technologies Experience with Virtualization technologies (Openstack, VMWare, Citrix) Experience with Wintel technologies Experience with Cisco catalyst switch, Juniper vSRX series Experience with Python 3.6.8+ Experience with RO anomaly detection Experience with Tripwire Manager 8.7.2 Experience with Dell Cyber Recovery Solutions and Concepts Experience with AirGap data solutions Experience with Security patch management concepts and tools Experience with service management ITSM integration with cyber-resiliency/cyber-vault Experience with IT risk management Experience with Identity and Access management concepts Experience with network NST for health checking. Applied Experience in identifying technical, process and management/organizational actions to reduce the business impact of IT service disruptions Ability to articulate key technologies' impact on security, availability, cost, capacity, transformation, risk, business enablement and transformation objectives Ability to evaluate risk/merit to make recommendations on available and speculative information. Extensive experience and knowledge with resiliency related issues, impacts, trends and emerging practices to address the 8-resiliency implementation and orchestration topics (Strategy/Vision, Organization, Process, Applications, Data, Infra and Facilities) Applied Mainframe, resiliency consulting skills Applied Mainframe resiliency principles, concepts, risks and transformation to modern platform design Applied Network resiliency consulting skills Applied Cloud resiliency consulting skills Applied Affinity Mapping of systems and assets for resiliency planning skills Applied Holistic Planning experience to Orchestrate and automate recovery from DR/Cyber event Applied Experience in performing Disaster Recovery simulations Resiliency experience with QRadar suite Resiliency experience with Resiliency Orchestration suite Experience in Cloud Transformations (to IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) strategies and principles Experience in Enterprise Automation strategies and principles Experience and success supporting business development and opportunity closure for complex, multi-month resiliency planning and execution programs Experience and success performing in a consulting delivery oversight role, providing leadership and direction in areas such as program start-up and governance, executive communications, and problem resolution. 
ScrapedJobID1472:
Planning and execution of audit programs, Ongoing client communication, reporting, and follow-up of all findings Testing ICFR's and ITGC's, process and access controls Assessing the risks and their impact on the business Presentation of findings and recommendations to client management Experience with IT audit within big 4 audit firms Experience with Business Application Systems Audit, Infrastructure audits, ITGC's Exposure to ERP systems CISA designation is a definite asset 
ScrapedJobID1473:
Applying knowledge strategically Takes ownership for own work’s quality, compliance and technical accuracy Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensures own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards Ability to work with minimal supervision Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues Speak, listen and write in a clear, thorough and timely manner using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques Establish and maintain positive working relationships with others both internally and externally to achieve the goals of the organization Anticipates and prepares for responses or reactions of others with sensitivity and directness Experience in install/configure/customize for SailPoint IIQ Ability to drive conversation for design and development for LifeCycle Management Understand complex workflows and integrations for SailPoint IIQ Experience with IIQ integration(s) such as ServiceNow, RACF, Active Directory, Workday, Azure, SAP HR/Direct, API, JDBC and Delimited files Able to troubleshoot complex issues in SailPoint IIQ Experience with Java/Beanshell/SQL Role D Certified SailPoint IIQ Engineer an asset Understand and experience with IdentityNow an asset 
ScrapedJobID1474:
Establishing and managing a portfolio of projects over multiple years to implement an integrated, corporate-wide program Make complex decisions and recommendations on project resource assignments and program level day-to-day approvals within the scope Manage program budgets, schedules of projects, and sequencing of projects Lead solution efforts to program and project issues and provides recommended options to mitigate risks Lead and direct projects managers for multiple projects executing concurrently, developing strategies and approaches for implementation of the program and long-term sustainment under the direction of senior leadership and sponsors Lead program-level resources, managing and collaborating with key suppliers, and providing ongoing communication, risk management, and quality management for the program Provide direction, review and refine deliverables from multiple senior resources across business units within the organization as required A minimum of 10 years of IT program management experience At least 8 years of hands-on project management experience in cybersecurity Good understanding of cybersecurity requirements, processes and maturity models Experience with asset inventory, tools and processes is a strong asset. Exposure to SCADA environments is preferred Ability to make decisions and recommendations on highly technical or complex issues and without formal guidelines or precedents and exercises resourcefulness and ingenuity to interpret policy 
ScrapedJobID1475:

ScrapedJobID1476:
Partner with internal and external sales teams to plan and organize sales strategies for the CDW security practice Engage in continuous learning by proactively expanding technical depth in products, solutions, and services and acquiring certifications in advanced technologies for CDW's security partner certification requirements when appropriate Provide feedback to technology leaders where opportunities exist to improve offerings, design, and delivery execution Influence, guide, support and collaborate with customers within CDW Canada Strategic Partners Technologies/Solutions to develop their IT security strategy Conduct business-focused security solution presentations at CDW, Customer, and Partner events and meetings in your territory Collaborate with Partners, Inside Solution Architects and Account Executives to develop a detailed Territory Plan to guide mapped opportunities; fine tune strategies and approaches to achieve greater sales results Develop a detailed Territory Plan in collaboration with Partners, Account Executives, and Inside Solution Architects and use it to manage their security business 8-10 years in an IT consulting or senior IT operations role Fluent in both English and French (strong written and verbal skills in both official languages). Extensive security architecture knowledge and experience in planning, implementation, testing in addition to creation and rollout of security standards, policies, and procedures Demonstrated proficiency of written and verbal communication skills (including technical writing and presentations) with the ability to communicate and collaborate effectively both internally and externally Self-starter, flexible, adaptable, highly organized and proactive Ability to remain calm in a fast-paced work environment and to demonstrate thoughtful leadership in assessing problems/opportunities and recommending an approach to solving problems and pursuing opportunities Skills and experience with the following technologies is desired: Information Security Policies, IT Security Standards and Governance (PCI, ISO 27001, COBIT), Vulnerability Management / Assessment, Risk Management/Assessment, Security Awareness, Industry certifications (CISSP, CISM, etc.) Ability to obtain and maintain relevant industry standard certifications 
ScrapedJobID1477:
Process Management: you will collaborate across the Business Unit to develop processes and standards; implements new or revised processes/standards; monitors for compliance; and facilitates continuous improvement to ensure quality and efficiency, improve accountability and practices for internal control and oversight. You will ensure project delivery, intake, vendor and contracts management, and operational work adheres to documented and approved policies, processes, and procedures. Business Planning and Reporting: You will support the Innovation team in building its business plan; monitors progress against the plan; and reviews early drafts for holistic alignment to BU strategies and objectives. Internal Compliance Auditing: You will perform targeted audits within Innovation to ensure compliance with processes and standards. Report findings to the Manager, Controls and Governance, along with recommendations for changes in current practices and processes as required. Innovation Vendor Management: You will supports Innovation leaders and/or project leads during vendor engagement initiation and contract management; the degree of support will depend on your comfort level and familiarity with the process, and can range from a general check for completeness to full guidance and review. You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or equivalent of education and experience You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant work experience in technology teams supporting projects in the project manager and/or business analyst capacity. You are familiar with MS Office tools, including Visio and Project. Certification/training such as ITIL, PMP, OCM is a strong asset. You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID1478:
Contribuer au renforcement de la sécurité du cloud AWS Participer à la conception de solutions cloud sécurisées qui tient compte de l’environnement existant (Azure, Splunk, MDO, MDE, MCAS, NGFW, etc..) au sein de l’organisation. Faire des recommandations quant à l’intégration des contrôles basés sur les principales composantes d’architecture de sécurité clouds AWS (Control Tower, Account factory, GuardDuty, Detective, etc.) Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité AWS et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Définir des architectures sécuritaire dans le nuage (cloud) Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Au moins dix ans d'expérience en technologie de l'information Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité cloud Expertise dans la conception et la mise en place d'architecture de solution sécurisées sur AWS Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc.. Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AZ 303, AZ500, AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis Contribuer au renforcement de la sécurité du cloud AWS Participer à la conception de solutions cloud sécurisées qui tient compte de l’environnement existant (Azure, Splunk, MDO, MDE, MCAS, NGFW, etc..) au sein de l’organisation. Faire des recommandations quant à l’intégration des contrôles basés sur les principales composantes d’architecture de sécurité clouds AWS (Control Tower, Account factory, GuardDuty, Detective, etc.) Définir les exigences en matière de sécurité des projets de TI. Définir les services de sécurité AWS et leur évolution. Participer à la sélection de solutions de sécurité. à la mise au point des stratégies de sécurité et de différentes initiatives; à la mise au point et à la réalisation du programme de sécurité. Collaborer avec les différentes équipes des TI. Réaliser des analyses de sécurité de haut niveau sur différentes questions de sécurité. Définir des architectures sécuritaire dans le nuage (cloud) Comprendre les exigences fonctionnelles des initiatives de conformité : Exostar, RGPD, International Traffic In Arms Regulation, Sarbanes Oxley. Assumer certaines tâches associées à l’équipe. Réaliser des tâches techniques, au besoin. Le candidat doit avoir la capacité de participer à de multiples mandats simultanément. Baccalauréat en technologie de l’information ou dans d’autres programmes pertinents Au moins dix ans d'expérience en technologie de l'information Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans un role d'architecte de sécurité cloud Expertise dans la conception et la mise en place d'architecture de solution sécurisées sur AWS Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc.. Bonnes connaissances et expérience en sécurité des TI, en infrastructures et en télécommunications Connaissance de l’architecture de sécurité et de méthodologie (TOGAF, SABSA, etc.) Bonne connaissance des méthodes d’analyse des risques (p. ex. : ISO) Les certifications suivantes, un atout : AZ 303, AZ500, AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Security, etc Bonne compréhension des principales exigences de conformité : RGPD, Exostar, contrôle des exportations, Sarbanes Oxley Connaissance des cadres de contrôle des TI (NIST, CIS, ISO, etc.) et bonne compréhension des contrôles généraux en matière de TI Connaissance de l’industrie de l’aérospatiale, un atout Conseiller dans les projets de TI Excellentes aptitudes pour les relations interpersonnelles, Initiative, leadership, approche axée sur le client Approche axée sur les résultats et sur le respect des engagements Sens de l’innovation, créativité et responsabilité, un atout Personne motivée, dynamique et ayant un bon esprit d’équipe Capacité d’interagir avec des membres du personnel, des pairs et des clients sur les plans technique et professionnel Bilinguisme (français et anglais) requis 
ScrapedJobID1479:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1480:
Required to have an intermediate or better knowledge of the Python scripting language and coding experience. C/C++/Java development experience is also desirable. Desired to have an acute understanding of: LDAP products such as Ping Directory, ODSEE, Active Directory. Identity products such as ForgeRock OpenIDM. General network and enterprise security standards and concepts Required to be familiar with developing products running on Linux operating system platforms/containers. Desired experience working with large enterprise architecture and Devops tooling (e.g., Git, Jenkins, Ansibile). Minimum 5 years of experience working with Devops tooling on Directory and Identity systems. 8 hour shift IAM: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1481:
Provisioning VPN Token provisioning Utilize troubleshooting skills to understand systems issues and the potential root causes Demonstrate effective communication skills, and present improvement ideas up to Director level Understand how the Banks risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Follow established processes Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Complete work / tasks, as assigned 2-4 years’ experience required Strong experience and detailed technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security Consistent implementation of security solutions Experience in infrastructure or application-level vulnerability testing and auditing Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Strong organizational skills to keep up with fast-paced work environment and efficiently meet project targets Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Knowledge of MS Office (Excel) for spreadsheet creation Previous VPN provisioning experience 
ScrapedJobID1482:
Overall day to day supervision of the operation team (L1-L2-L3) Acts as the escalation point during working hours as required Support as a SOC representative for community outreach activities for talent recruiting Ensure client requests and projects are completed within approved SLA Responsible for maintaining a list of member certifications and perform regular follow ups to ensure validity of certifications Compose and present to member annual evaluations Participate and assist in leading team weekly OPS meetings Review schedule for member vacation request to ensure proper coverage Tracking of member training plans for professional development Member timesheet approval Point of contact for member emergencies or sick days Stay current with the tools and technology the team employs with our clients Research, consultation with colleagues and training to maintain awareness of trends in new security threats, technologies and regulations. Take tool training from vendors and help to train the team Ensure team communications to client (and internal) are professional and technically accurate. Assist and recommend improvement to standard operation procedure exploited by the team Help in the creation of service improvements and cost saving steps Bachelor's degree in Computer Science and/or other relevant security certifications (CISSP, CISM, CISA, CCSP, GCIH, GIAC, OSCP,OSEE, GREM); Consistent record as a tech lead or people manager; In-depth experience working in SIEM technologies and tactics (SANS, Splunk, LogRhythm, Qradar, etc.); Formal security models such as MITRE ATT&CK or CIS Critical Security Controls; Strong background in security incident handling, and threat intelligence; Experience with other various technologies implemented in a SOC environment: EDR; IDS/IPS, Ant Virus, network- and host-based firewalls, data leakage protection (DLP), Web proxies, etc; Understanding of basic networking protocols such as IP, DNS, HTTP, FTP, SMTP, etc., and the OSI model. 
ScrapedJobID1483:
Ownership and leadership of each assigned audit from the initial planning to completion, including detailed and thorough risk assessments and the drafting of audit reports Effectively co-ordinate multiple audits and other projects, including staff scheduling and work allocation as required Create detailed working papers and conduct file reviews ensuring that audit conclusions are supported Evaluate operational processes and identify opportunities for improvement across the organization. Build support for and implement recommendations and business strategies, plans, and best practices. Effective communication of audit findings to the Director Internal Audit, internal stakeholders and to the Audit Committee, as required Mitigate business risks by providing advice and guidance as and when appropriate. Follow up and validate actions taken by management to remediate audit findings to ensure that they are effectively designed and appropriately implemented. Build trusted partnerships with internal clients that encourages proactive engagement of the audit team, allowing for the effective design of governance, risk management and control processes Provide effective updates to the Director on the status of work and issues identified, providing recommended course of action for review and approval Follow up and monitor the implementation of action plans on audit issues Immediate escalation of any observations that may require discussion with senior management Support the alignment of activities between the control functions (i.e. Compliance, Finance, External Auditors) to improve communications and efficiency of audit and risk management activities Support the Director Internal Audit in the development of the annual audit plan (and related updates) for business/corporate units in the assigned audit portfolio Recommends changes to audit processes, methodology, and reporting to improve effectiveness. As required provide audit consultation for all business units and functional areas across the organization with respect to new and ongoing business needs. Monitor changes in external environment and in the AGF’s business, including trends in risk management practices and regulatory expectations Actively participate in the annual Internal Audit methodology and practices reviews, incorporating relevant benchmarks in the identification, analysis and recommendation of continuous improvement opportunities On an interim basis, and as required, represent the Director Internal Audit Assist with quarterly and annual reporting to the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Senior Management Performs advisory engagements, investigations and special projects as assigned 8 or more years of previous audit experience in a regulated financial institution or public accounting firm Undergraduate degree in Business, Accounting or Finance CPA designation is required CIA, CFA designations are an asset Highly developed technical and analytical skills supporting effective decision-making capabilities Strong analytical skills to identify issues, potential risks and root causes, in order to suggest effective improvements. Knowledge of audit methodologies and frameworks, COSO enterprise risk management framework, audit governance concepts, tools, techniques, and best practices Strong organizational capabilities, project planning and management experience is required Strong written, documentation and report writing skills, and oral communication skills are requirements Developed networking skills and ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally A self-motivated professional with an enthusiasm for learning and continuous improvement Ability to work effectively within cross functional teams Knowledge of the investment and wealth management industries, is an asset Experience with TeamMate and data analytical software would be an asset Experience in performing IT and/ or cyber security audits would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1484:
Effectively manage a team of Security Operations staff in delivering Cloud Native Security Services to clients. Engage with clients throughout the lifecycle of the project to provide consulting for services, processes and policies and ensure compliance of objectives as defined in SLAs. Establish and sustain long-term relationships with top decision makers at key clients. Ensure compliance of all procedures with the Change Management Process put up in place. Demonstrate effective project management skills. Must be able to proactively drive and manage multiple tasks and timelines independently and as a team. Knowledge of and experience with current and emerging cloud native security platforms. Thorough understanding of M365/Azure Cloud Native Services such as MCAS, O365 DLP, ATP, Defender, Sentinel, etc. Knowledge and experience in M365/Azure domains – Compliance, Identity and Access, Threat and Vulnerability, Network and Application security. Ability to work with L1/L2 team to build in ability to rapidly detect, contain, investigate, remediate, and recover from security incidents. Ability to prioritize and escalate risks to the senior leadership based on the procedures put up in place. Proven ability to review and comment on complex contracts and to provide direction on the risk involved and how to mitigate the risk as well as providing strategic direction to both internal resources and external clients and to have direct contract negotiation experience. Ensure project objectives are met within the given deadlines and threats are remediated according to their severity levels. Must be able to work effectively at a management level – i.e., establish credibility and authority with Firm leadership and client counterparts and work collaboratively to achieve quality objectives. Effectively communicate to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including developers, technical leads, peer architects, delivery owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc. Prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time. Technical degree: Computer Science or related. Five or more years of relevant experience in a related role with at least 2 years at the management level and managing a team. Two or more years in designing and implementing Cloud Security Solutions. One or more years of experience using any CSPM solution. Azure Solutions Architect Expert Azure Security Engineer Associate M365 Certified: Security Administrator Associate M365 Certified: Enterprise Administrator Expert CISSP CCSP You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1485:
Manage information technology and computer systems Manage IT staff by recruiting, training, coaching employees, and performance management Offer expertise in Office 365, Office 365 Administration and MS Suite of desktop applications Provides leadership and support in maintaining key organizational platforms - Office 365, SharePoint, Dynamics GP, Tessitura, Ceridian, MyPOS, Honeywell Control Systems Develop and implement long and short-range implementation plans for IT strategy that meets Science North’s business expectations and culture, leveraging visitor data, as well as IT governance, stability, security, compliance and privacy goals Serve as Science North’s Subject Matter Expert for IT Strategy projects including Cloud Migration, IT mapping, IT Technical upgrades, Customer Experience and Data collection, as well as the integration of Science North’s Ticketing, CRM, Point of Sale systems and Facilities and Security software Offer knowledge and experience with Cisco IP telephony systems, including implementation, integration, support, knowledge and experience with maintaining Video Conferencing hardware and software Oversee and determine time frames for major IT projects including system updates, upgrades, and migrations Budget, Schedule, Scope, Quality and Risk Accountability Project documentation (Project Management Plan(s), Project Schedule, Risk/Issues/Change Tracking, etc.) Customer and supplier relations Negotiation and procurement Communication portal Project status meetings, reports, and work product review Formal project In Progress Reports (IPR) Contractor performance, work standards, work schedules, and quality of all work products and services Analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions Responsible for maintaining regular checks on network and data security Identify and act on opportunities to improve and update software and systems Develop and deliver training programs and workshops for staff Conduct regular system audits Manage and report on IT budgets Provide direction for IT team members Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, engineering or relevant field Minimum 10 years’ experience in information technology and data management, ie solutions architect, IT Management, data administration and management processes Documented expertise in Cloud and Application Migration initiatives IT Project Management and leadership skills Strong analytical, facilitation and problem solving skills Comfortable speaking and presenting to senior leadership stakeholders Hands-on involvement in delivering or producing IT policies and procedures Experience managing technical teams and building cohesive team environments Documentation and communication experience Organized, structured, able to plan and manage own workload and multiple priorities Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to think strategically and execute tactically, enabling cross-functional business teams Ability work in fast-paced environment while following best practices and company processes Self-motivated, proactive, and driven team-player attitude Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Information Technology: 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1486:
Enjoy working in a positive environment with highly motivated individuals that want to reduce the risks within the bank Managing and/or conducting detailed, risk-based evaluations of the design and operating effectiveness of Information Technology (IT) controls Gather evidence and respond to various audit, compliance, and IT risk teams to remediate risk-related issues Ask open questions to advance the team’s thinking. Encourages others to explore new ideas and ways of looking at things. Assist the Senior Manager to make decisions based on research, consultation with experts and experience, and considers the impact of decisions. Create and contribute to specific analytics and reporting goals, in support of the overall success of Global Identity and Access Management (GIAM) business strategies Excel in relationship building (internal / external GIAM) and work with various teams to assist in completion of all certifications across the enterprise Brings external developments, trends, and best practices (outside-in thinking) to the Bank Look for continuous improvements to maximize automation where possible and reduce manual efforts in all processes and procedures within the team, while considering and evaluating the bank’s risk appetite and risk culture. Perform required tasks for access governance functions; tasks relevant to Identity & Access Governance including access request, access certification, communication, and documentation of operational processes and procedures, etc. Assist/train junior staff on difficult or non-standard requests Demonstrate personal accountability for assigned projects, initiatives, and daily processes Good understanding of Bank’s core systems and technology (i.e.: ServiceNow, SailPoint, CyberArk, Active Directory, UNIX systems and/or LDAP) Advanced experience in SailPoint IIQ and SIQ Certifications Strong analytical skills, specifically data analysis Excellent organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple intake channels efficiently Experience with technical audits Strong working knowledge of information security policies and standards Once settled in position, you will be providing after-hours availability for any urgent issues/ incidents / escalations on occasion as required We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning We offer a competitive total rewards package, including a performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges 
ScrapedJobID1487:
7+ years in IT with a strong focus in Security Experience with Azure Cloud Security including Active Directory, VPN, IAM, Single Sign-on and Database Security etc. Experience performing Threat Risk Assessments for Security Previous experience assessing security measures and creating assessment reports or new documentation on best practices Strong communications skills Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1488:
Deliver successful Information Security projects and services to our customers by working directly with key business stakeholders, executives and project teams, and applying industry security practices and principles. Provide subject matter expertise across all IAM topics as it relates to both cloud and on-premises enterprise technology, and the relationship between the architectures. Develop effective architecture solutions that not only satisfy immediate project requirements but also deliver a coherent, reusable, reliable and phased architecture to help the business grow and change while aligning to strategic vision. Review and management of technical security roadmaps related to cloud security and IAM within a cloud security context. Drive the adoption of creative solutions to address complex IAM problems in retail environment Experience in architecting IAM solutions within Microsoft Azure, GCP, identity access governance (IGA such as SailPoint) and, preferably, other cloud providers and Broadcom IDM Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Solid understanding of federation concepts and technologies particularly with solutions from Azure AD and identity as a service (IDaaS solutions such as Okta). In-depth experience with Microsoft Azure, particularly Azure AD / GCP IAM and architecture designs connecting Azure to enterprise infrastructure. Strong understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models. Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1489:

ScrapedJobID1490:
Oversees all aspects of coordination and completion or large scale and complex projects Sets deadlines, assigns responsibilities, and monitor and summarize progress of project Build and maintain working relationships with team members, vendors, and other departments involved in the projects Prepare reports for upper management regarding status of project Familiar with a variety of the Field’s concepts, practices, and procedures Rely on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals Negotiate changes in scope, budget or calendar with Project Owner and/or management Leads and directs the work of others A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected Senior Project Manager with at least 10 years of IT project management experience At least 5 years of hands on Agile project management, Scrum, Azure DevOps, Microsoft Power Bi Strong understanding of IS infrastructure and IS Security including: networking/telephony technology, application/system rationalization, Cyber Security compliance, Network reliability and team efficiency through process transformation, automation and asset management. Knowledge of the following applications would be an asset: Orion, IPAM, Tangoe, NetScout, ServiceNow, SAP Ability to make decisions and recommendations on highly technical or complex issues and without formal guidelines or precedents and exercises resourcefulness and ingenuity to interpret policy 
ScrapedJobID1491:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1492:
You will be responsible for performing and preparing gap analysis document and design a proposed DevSecOps adoption roadmap. You will analyze the current state IT environment to achieve stated business goals using DevSecOps methodology and tools in conventional or Cloud environments. You will architect the DevSecOps tooling infrastructure and define the interface requirements among the various tool sets. In this role you will analyze the software build and deploy requirements for a project, portfolio, or account and define the architecture. You will design the deployment, and release management strategy using the necessary standard enterprise software tools. You will lead and help implement enterprise DevSecOps framework, governance model, integration model, maturity model and operating model Establish DevSecOps Controls, guidelines and standards for auditability and operability. You will design and lead implementation for enterprise autonomous operations. You will lead tools / technology rationalization efforts to streamline and standardize enterprise tools / technology offerings aligning with enterprise technology roadmap You will define and implement deployment strategy and standards. You will define and implement branching and merging strategies and standards You will integrate site reliability engineering principles and practices into DevSecOps framework and operating model. 6+ years equivalent DevSecOps experience including hands on open source or vendor specific tooling knowledge. (Must) 5+ Years leading and implementing full stack end-to-end automation, implementing test automation (Must) 2+ Years implementing autonomous operations using AI/ML. (Must) 5+ Years working with Agile development and project management methodologies. 5+ years source control experience administering version control systems 5+ years understanding of containerization technology. 5+ years of establishing and enhancing enterprise engagement model, integration model, maturity model and operating model DevOps / DevSecOps architecture certification (Nice to Have), 5+ Understanding of microservices, common frameworks, implementation, and best practices. 5+ years of API Gateway, Service Discovery, API environment specific configurations, API keys, API user management. Understanding of 12 Factor Principle and cloud native development 5+ years experience with integrating information security requirements into DevOps pipelines. 
ScrapedJobID1493:
Creating RFC for incidents and maintenance requests properly aligning with our release calendars and embargo periods Communicating to our stakeholders on incidents, scheduled outages, and releases Creating internal and external service requests and following up until resolution Work collaboratively with our different downstream owners and support groups at various capacities in analyzing and resolving incidents (SSO, EFT, system outages, security) following IT processes (Change/Incident Management, Cyber Security, Management Approvals, etc.) Support and consider configuration management, security, quality control in designs/implementations Support our developers in functional knowledge, analysis and testing capacity in troubleshooting issues or any enhancements Support Integrations between Oracle HCM and other applications like Timekeeper, employee benefits providers, Pension, Total rewards, Discounts, company active directory etc. Create, update and monitor batch processing on our SaaS applications Facilitate meetings and JAD sessions with various IT groups, HR functional and business partners to understand requirements and processes and translate them into technical requirements Conduct and support ITQA/functional teams in test planning and functional/system testing Facilitate the review and prototyping sessions on SaaS product upgrades Identify project scope, estimate efforts and duration to complete tasks Design and assist with IT process improvements to ensure quality and quantity of work being delivered Managing technical aspects of application software (GUI, SSO, user interfaces, and third-party components, server bounce, restart) Configure, build and personalized Oracle HCM views, workflows, BI Reports, HCM extracts, Fast Formulas Work closely on a timely basis with functional teams in supporting BAU activities from onboarding, generating system ids to payroll, benefits, etc. 5+ years of technical experience on various Oracle HCM Cloud modules (Core HR, Benefits, Payroll, Absence, Self-Service, Absence Management) Proficient in Oracle Cloud HCM application architecture Expertise in HCM Data Loader, Spreadsheet Loader Expertise in OTBI, BI Publisher, HCM Extract Expertise in Oracle Cloud Fast Formulas – HCM, Payroll, Benefits, Comp Expertise in SQL, PL/SQL, HRMS API’s, EBS Fast Formulas Experience with software development support tools (e.g., JIRA, HP ALM etc.) Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science Must have strong problem solving and analytical skills Extremely detail-oriented, and able to produce accurate, precise work under minimal supervision and tight deadlines Strong time management skills and attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent written and oral communication as well as project management skills Knowledge of SOA or Oracle Integration Cloud would be an asset Knowledge of Kronos would be an asset Knowledge of SuccessFactors (eBiz/LMS) would be an asset Knowledge in WIM would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1494:

ScrapedJobID1495:

ScrapedJobID1496:
Planning and execution of audit programs, Ongoing client communication, reporting, and follow-up of all findings Testing ICFR's and ITGC's, process and access controls Assessing the risks and their impact on the business Presentation of findings and recommendations to client management Experience with IT audit within big 4 audit firms Experience with Business Application Systems Audit, Infrastructure audits, ITGC's Exposure to ERP systems CISA designation is a definite asset 
ScrapedJobID1497:
Collaborating with peers to execute daily operations and special projects Updating and maintaining network equipment Maintaining and resolving issues on LAN/WAN, VoIP telephone switches, routers, firewall, Wi-Fi, etc. Coordinating with vendors to resolve technical problems with network equipment and software Travel to our different North American locations to implement new technology and infrastructure solutions. Document network configurations, problems, and related resolutions. Support and implement change management strategies. Monitor system performance and implement performance optimization. Work closely with Technology Architects and Systems Analysts to implement, maintain, and support infrastructure and network solutions. Sharing knowledge, discoveries, ideas, challenges, and solutions with peers, Managers, and Executives When necessary, ensure emergency operational support outside office hours. Bilingual – French and English. Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, network administration, system administration or equivalent 3+ years of experience as Network Technician Working knowledge of networking protocols and standards: IP and Ethernet technologies, routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP) and service quality parameters (QoS). Experience with structured cabling design and implementations. Knowledge of telecommunication industry in the following areas: LAN, WAN, VPN, IP Telephony, and wireless technology. Knowledge of network technologies in multisite environment. Experience with network monitoring solutions (ex. PRTG) Technical certifications are an asset (Cisco CCNA, ITIL, CISSP, etc.) Knowledge of enterprise security environments. Excellent attention-to-detail and ability to stay organized Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and work under pressure Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong capacity to work with the sense of urgency. Ability to prioritize and multitask. Innovative problem-solver, creativity, and detail-oriented planner. Good sense of adaptability in a diversified environment, working with technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with end-user support and understanding of the internal customer’s perspective. Demonstrate patience and empathy. Creative and proactive approach to network and cyber-security environments. Experience providing network solutions is a manufacturing enterprise is an asset. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) network technician: 3 years (preferred) French (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1498:

ScrapedJobID1499:

ScrapedJobID1500:
Intégrer, mettre à jour l'information sur les processus provenant de sources multiples, recueillir l'information critique lors de réunions avec divers intervenants et produire des rapports utiles pour mener à bien le travail; Documenter, examiner, mettre à jour et normaliser les cas d'utilisation, les processus, les diagrammes de flux de processus et les diagrammes RACI pour la mise en œuvre des contrôles de sécurité; Initier et diriger des discussions techniques sur l'examen de la sécurité, communiquer les exigences, les politiques et les normes de sécurité aux parties prenantes; Soutenir les évaluations de la conformité en matière de sécurité en examinant les réponses au questionnaire sur les contrôles de sécurité, effectuer les évaluations techniques initiales de la sécurité avec les experts en la matière; Travailler avec les parties prenantes pour s'assurer que toutes les politiques et procédures de sécurité sont mises en œuvre; Communiquer efficacement, documenter, gérer et suivre l'état d'avancement, et mettre à jour les équipes de projet; Gérer les aspects opérationnels quotidiens des projets et de leur portée, y compris les journaux de projet, les problèmes et les points d'action. Solides compétences en matière de coordination de projets, axées sur les résultats; Compréhension globale de la cybersécurité et des méthodologies, y compris les normes, les risques et la conformité; Compréhension et expérience de la terminologie et des produits de réseau; Un atout : connaissance technique des différentes technologies de sécurité telles que le cloud public/privé/hybride, les conteneurs, la virtualisation, les réseaux mobiles et sans fil; 5+ ans d'expérience en tant que chef de projet, analyse d'affaires ou un domaine connexe; Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'analyse et de réflexion conceptuelle; Solides compétences en gestion du temps avec un sens de l'urgence pour garantir le respect des délais; vous savez établir des priorités et les redéfinir rapidement; Vous avez l'esprit d'équipe, vous êtes sûr de vous, motivé et indépendant. Support the delivery of a variety of cyber security initiatives : Integrate, update, refine information on processes from multiple sources, gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produce useful reports to drive completion of work; Document, review, update and standardize use cases, processes, process flow diagrams and RACI charts for security controls implementation; Initiate and lead technical discussions on security review, communicate security requirements, policies and standards to the stakeholders; Support the security compliancy assessments by reviewing the security control questionnaire responses, conduct initial technical security assessments with the subject matter experts; Work with stakeholders to ensure all security policies and procedures are implemented; Effectively communicate, document, manage and track status, and update project teams; Manage the day to day operational aspects of the projects and scope including project logs, issues, action items. Strong project coordination skills, driven by results and outcomes; Overall understanding of cyber security and methodologies, including standards, risk and compliance; Understanding and experience with networking terminology and products; An asset: Technical knowledge of security different technologies such as public/private/hybrid cloud, Container, Virtualization, mobile and wireless network; 5+ years of experience as a project manager, business analysis or a related field; Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills; Strong time management skills with a sense of urgency to ensure deadlines are met; you know how to prioritize and reprioritize quickly; Good team player, self-confident, motivated, and independent 
ScrapedJobID1501:
Supervision des ingénieurs de quart, des techniciens et des membres de l'équipe de maintenance. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec toutes les équipes de soutien sur une base quotidienne pour assurer la direction de la main-d'oeuvre et les activités d'ingénierie planifiées pour soutenir pleinement les opérations. L'évaluation des compétences de l'équipe d'ingénierie et l'aide à l'amélioration et à la formation du personnel, y compris l'intégration de la maintenance de première ligne de l'usine et de l'équipement. Gestion et développement des processus du département, y compris les transferts d'équipes, les briefings et les rapports/résolutions de défauts. Rapports et suivi de la saisie des données pour les activités d'automatisation et de maintenance. Capacité à diriger de l'avant, à assurer la précision du rythme et des normes. Vous devez être familier et compétent avec l'ingénierie mécanique ou électrique pour permettre la prise de décision. Un minimum de 5 ans d'expérience dans la gestion d'une équipe de quart dans un environnement automatisé. Un baccalauréat en électricité et/ou mécanique de préférence. Une bonne capacité technique relative au matériel et au logiciel d'automatisation. Une bonne organisation et la capacité de planifier et de prioriser - un bon sens du détail, une bonne résolution de problèmes. Connaissance des systèmes MHE de préférence Excellentes compétences verbales et écrites en anglais et en français Expérience de travail avec des systèmes informatisés de gestion de la maintenance. Supervision of shift engineers, technicians, and maintenance shift members Working closely with all support teams on a daily basis to ensure direction of labor, and planned engineering activities fully support operation. Assessment of engineering team skills and assisting in upskilling and training of staff, including integration of first line maintenance of plant and equipment. Management and development of department processes; including shift handovers, briefs, and defect reporting/resolving Reporting and monitoring of data capture for automation and maintenance activities Ability to lead from the front, driving pace accuracy and standards. Must be familiar and competent with either mechanical or electrical engineering to enable decision making. A minimum of 5 years' experience managing a shift team within an automated environment. A bachelor's degree in electrical and/or mechanical preferred. Good technical ability relating to automation hardware and software. Well organized and the ability to plan and prioritize- good eye for detail, good problem solving Knowledge of MHE systems preferred Excellent verbal and written English & French skills Experience of working with computerized maintenance management systems. 
ScrapedJobID1502:

ScrapedJobID1503:
Travailler avec une équipe agile pour déployer, tester et maintenir le logiciel de support VA-Infra; Maintenir et améliorer les performances des logiciels existants; Participer au cycle de livraison continue d'intégration continue (CICD); Résoudre les problèmes opérationnels de sécurité en temps opportun, gérer les problèmes escaladés et assurer le suivi des éléments en suspens rapidement; Développer des mesures préventives et construire la documentation; Contribuer à la réunion de projet et rendre compte de l'état du problème. Solide expertise en administration système Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu…) et en virtualisation (VMWare et technologies de conteneur…); Solide expertise en solution d'automatisation (Ansible) et connaissance pratique d'Ansible Tower; Connaissance approfondie de Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) et des spécifications matérielles; Connaissance intermédiaire et pratique de la sécurité de l'information et des réseaux (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, pare-feu) dans un environnement moyen ou grand; Connaissance pratique de la programmation/script et des outils de développement (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Connaissance de la gestion des actifs (IPAM) et des technologies de journalisation (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP et certificats connexes sont des atouts, ainsi que bilingue (anglais et français); Work with an agile team to deploy, test, and maintain VA-Infra supporting software; Maintain and improve the performance of existing software; Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle; SME on scanner deployment projects with multiple business units; Resolve security operational problems in timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly; Develop preventive measures and build documentation; Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status. Solid expertise in Linux system admin (CentOS, Ubuntu…) and virtualization (VMWare and container technologies…); Solid expertise in automation solution (Ansible) and working knowledge of Ansible Tower; Deep knowledge of Zabbix, Proxmox, iLO (HP Oneview) and hardware specs; Intermediate and working knowledge of Information Security and networking (TCP/IP, DNS, proxy, Firewall) in medium or large environment; Working knowledge of programming/scripting and the development tools (Python, API, Jenkins, Gitlab); Knowledge of asset management (IPAM), and logging techs (Graylog, Kibana); CISSP and related certificates are assets, as well as bilingual (English and French); Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively; Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teams; Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization; Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process; Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment; Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business. 
ScrapedJobID1504:
Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Describe your AutoCAD proficiency as Basic, Intermediate or Advanced. Please confirm that you reside and are authorized to work in Canada. Security Systems Design: 2 years (required) English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1505:
Solution Architecture Work with technical teams, business partners/specialists across application groups and 3rd parties to understand the current state and identify constraints in defining the future state architecture for applications & related interfaces. Define end to end technical solutions that consider the enterprise architecture strategies and the current state environment. Analyze the viability of the solution to meet product timelines, budget, and quality. Present the solution to different stakeholders and certification boards, including the Architecture Review Board, as needed. Work with Data Architecture, Security Architecture, Infrastructure SME's, and project teams to ensure all aspects of the architecture are defined in conjunction with ATCO standards, policies, priorities, and best practices. Manage the application portfolio in terms of technology currency, business agility, technology evolution, business fit opportunities to improve efficiencies and Total Cost of Ownership. Develop the architecture artifacts (Architecture Blueprint, Architecture Decisions, Application Roadmap) based on ATCO practices and review with Enterprise Architecture, Lead Architects, Business Architects, and key program stakeholders. Architectures as required for major systems components, based on Enterprise Architecture and full Business Architecture conformance, mindful of both strategic alignment and pragmatic solution needs. Facilitate small to large group meetings for reviewing technical architecture, decision making and problem solving. Collaboration Act as a bridge between technical and business stakeholders during solution development to ensure proposed solution meet immediate and strategic business objectives of Stakeholders (Business Analyst, Business Users, Technology/Application SMEs). Collaborate with Business/Enterprise/Solution Architects, Vendors and other project team members to validate solution architectures, technical designs, system deployments and support documentation covering all architecture, design, and operational aspects. Assisting the Project Manager with the technical aspects of planning, quality control, change control and risk management. Collaborate with various departments, architects, project managers, business relationship management and technical leads to develop estimates and overall implementation solution plan. Work with application, security, infrastructure, and other operational support teams, as well as project teams to resolve technical design, implementation, or operational technology issues. Engage with vendor, third party, and other industry experts to stay aware of vendor roadmaps, functional capabilities, and lessons learned. Industry Knowledge and Technology Utilization Maintain a broad, enterprise-wide view of the business and varying degrees of appreciation for strategy, processes, and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance. Stay current on industry trends, process improvement methodologies, and architecture best practices. Ensure alignment of Technology Strategy with Business Strategy. Support technology selection initiatives. Provide support in the appropriate research into current and emerging technology trends to determine how these may add value to the business and provide appropriate briefings to technical and non-technical audience. Operations Management Assist with the development, documentation, communication, and enforcement of a policy for standardizing technology, configurations, and software as necessary. Maintain and publish solution architecture artifacts to keep them current and usable. Develop in-depth knowledge of company's existing architecture and technology footprint. Identify inefficiencies and gaps in current processes and technology portfolio, and recommend solutions. Evaluate new technologies for fit in current architecture. Identify and develop opportunities for application reuse, migration, or retirement. Minimum of 10 years business/IT industry experience. Minimum of 5 years business analysis experience. TOGAF Certification is preferred. Familiarity with a variety of different architectural frameworks, patterns, and standards. Familiarity with architectural modelling techniques. Strategic "big picture" perspective on issues and opportunities. Extensive experience planning and deploying both business and IT initiatives. Customer service driven attitude and strong communication skills. Experience in Asset Management applications (e.g. Maximo, GIS and Oracle Field Services), Data Warehouse & business intelligence concepts, is an asset. Strong knowledge of enterprise security including Security governance processes, networking and at rest encryption, network security appliances, user access controls, OAuth and SAML SSO, penetration testing, and code scanning. Hands-on experience in analyzing and managing performance, redundancy, and capacity of high volume critical online systems. Excellent understanding of the architectural principles of cloud-based platforms including IaaS, PaaS, CaaS and SaaS. Extensive experience in designing software architecture, SOA, microservices, API management, data modeling. Experience with architecting solutions that drive the DevOps culture and delivers incremental value using CI/CD pipelines, automation, configuration management, DevOps tools and other DevOps practices. 
ScrapedJobID1506:
Analyser les données pour détecter les tendances, faire des recommandations et fournir des rapports Diriger les activités visant à évaluer l’adhésion aux processus de sécurité de l’information Repérer les occasions d’amélioration des processus et faire des recommandations sur les pratiques exemplaires Servir de point d’escalade et de mentor pour le personnel moins chevronné Contribuer à la documentation des processus et aider à la maintenir Développer des procédures de travail sécuritaire; déterminer et suggérer des améliorations possibles à apporter aux procédures Collaborer avec la direction pour déterminer les paramètres de sécurité de l’information et diriger la collecte de ceux-ci Se tenir au courant des nouvelles et des tendances en matière de sécurité de l’information Créer, exécuter et améliorer les processus et procédures dans des domaines tels que la gestion des identités et des accès, la création et la gestion des politiques, des normes et des contrôles de sécurité, la gestion de la conformité, la gestion des risques, la formation, l’évaluation des vulnérabilités et les mesures correctives Soutenir les services GIA en mettant en place des dispositions d’accès complexes, en effectuant des révisions d’accès, en créant des rôles et en fournissant de l’assistance aux utilisateurs finaux Réaliser la gestion du cycle de vie des comptes et l’intégration des applications dans les services GIA, la mise en place des dispositions, la gouvernance d’accès, la création d’accès basés sur les rôles, la gouvernance d’accès privilégiés, ainsi que l’assistance aux utilisateurs finaux pour les problèmes liés aux services GIA Résoudre des problèmes complexes et interdépendants qui couvrent les technologies, les unités d’affaires et les services GIA, tels que la gestion des rôles, la mise en place de dispositions automatisées, la gouvernance GIA, la réception de nouveaux travaux, la conception et l’optimisation des processus Participer en tant que membre d’équipes interfonctionnelles à la résolution de problèmes complexes liés aux services GIA, à la création et à l’optimisation des processus, ainsi qu’à la mise en œuvre de nouveaux services et technologies Répondre à des demandes complexes de services, d’accès et d’information en matière de sécurité de l’information Rédiger et comprendre les politiques, normes et procédures de sécurité Appliquer les normes de conformité aux règlements et donner des conseils sur les questions de conformité et les solutions Collaborer avec les principales parties prenantes pour élaborer ou mettre à jour les documents relatifs à la sécurité de l’information, tels que les politiques, les normes, les procédures et les formations Créer et optimiser les cadres et les outils et diriger les évaluations des processus d’application et d’affaires pour aider Lowe’s Canada à intégrer les services de sécurité Travailler avec l’équipe TI et l’entreprise pour résoudre les problèmes d’accès Baccalauréat en informatique, en science informatique, en ingénierie, en administration des affaires, en cybersécurité ou dans un domaine connexe (ou encore expérience de travail équivalente dans un domaine connexe) Au moins 4 années d’expérience en sécurité de l’information Compréhension intermédiaire des concepts fondamentaux de sécurité et de réseau (sécurité Windows et Unix) : verrouillage du système d’exploitation; journalisation et surveillance; sécurité des applications; accès des utilisateurs; principes de protection du périmètre; règles de communication du réseau; méthodes de détection et d’analyse des intrusions; etc.) Expérience dans la mise en œuvre et l’exploitation de la technologie GIA (p. ex., CA, SailPoint, OKTA, SSO, MFA, IGA, Microsoft AD) (propre aux rôles de gestion des identités et des accès) Bilinguisme parlé et écrit (français et anglais) Expérience en TI dans le secteur du commerce de détail (un atout) Certifications pertinentes dans le domaine de la sécurité de l’information (p. ex., CISSP, CRISC, CISA ou autres) Approche axée sur le service à la clientèle Compétences en analyse et résolution de problèmes Communication efficace Excellentes compétences techniques Expérience dans la sécurité des réseaux et de l’internet Capacité de cueillir et d’analyser des données Aisance dans l’analyse des processus d’affaires Compétences en formation et en présentation Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Starbucks et Tim Hortons Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de Lowe’s Canada) Des avantages sociaux : régime de retraite, primes annuelles, régime d’achat d’actions, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc. Des horaires flexibles et du télétravail Bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques Possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté Et plus encore! 
ScrapedJobID1507:
Competitive compensation Excellent benefits and bonus structure Flexible work schedule and location Plan, lead, and schedule audits in the Information Technology department Design and conduct data analysis Prepare data analytics for external auditors, partners, and other related parties Provide updates to senior management and support to the team Provide feedback on risks and best practices Consulting and monitoring large projects 5+ years experience in IT Audit CISA/CISSP designated or in progress CPA considered an asset Strong communication and a critical thinker 
ScrapedJobID1508:
Tu as une bonne connaissance des concepts de cybersécurité et de cryptographie en particulier Tu as intégré et opéré des actifs de gestion des clés (Key Management System (KMS)) Tu as assuré l’opération d’actifs hautement disponibles (HA, 24/7) Tu es familier avec l’utilisation d’API REST Tu connais la containerisation et l’orchestration des micro-services (Docker et Kubernetes, Ansible) Tu es un intégrateur d’expérience qui aime les défis de transformation et d’intégration technologique Tu comprends l’intégration et le déploiement en continus (CI/CD) ainsi que le fonctionnement en équipe agile Tu connais les langages Python, Go, Java, YAML Tu souhaites apprendre et contribuer au développement de nouveaux outils et applications Tu as travaillé avec des systèmes cloud (AWS, Azure) Tu as travaillé dans des équipes qui suivent les bonnes pratiques de développement de logiciel (tests automatisés, code review, etc) Tu connais et adhères à la culture DevSecOps La connaissance d’un ou plusieurs des éléments suivants est un atout : 
ScrapedJobID1509:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
