ScrapedJobID1:

ScrapedJobID2:
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Toronto, Ontario or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel. Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education. At least 4 years of Information Technology experience. Canadian citizens and those authorized to work in the Canada are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time. At least 2 years of Development experience on C#, ASP.Net, Web Services, Entity Frameworks,, MVC, Web API and SQL Servers. Strong knowledge of .NET web framework Open to learning new cloud based technologies like AWS At least 2 years of experience in the software development life cycle. At least 2 years of experience in Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects. Willing to work in application/production support Strong communication and Analytical skills Ability to work in a team in a diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment Good presentation and communication skills to express what is being worked on day-to-day activities 
ScrapedJobID3:
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software applications. Identify problem areas in code and suggest solutions on how to tackle them. Assist in evaluating technology choices and rapidly test solutions. Develop scalable systems with performance and security in mind. Develop solutions that are maintainable, scalable and performant. Help identify and solve application issues experienced by customers. Ensure a cohesive experience across different browsers and devices. Adhere to accessibility best practices (We believe in an accessible web for everyone). Collaborate closely with team members in an agile environment (we like Scrum, Kanban). Assist in mentoring junior developers on your team. 3+ Proven experience with front-end development (ES2018 JavaScript, React). Proven experience in backend and API development (we use Node.js, PostgreSQL, Redis). 3+ Experience with React and Redux. 3+ Experience Javascript and AJAX. Experience with client-side testing (Automation). Experience designing and documenting APIs (we use Node.js, Express, OpenAPI Spec). Experience with FRP (functional, reactive programming). Experience with Selenium and Jest. Experience in building scalable production services and monitoring performance (we use Kibana, NewRelic). Experience with clustering technologies (we use Kubernetes). Familiarity with the Docker ecosystem. Monday to Friday React and Redux: 3 years (required) Javascript and AJAX: 3 years (required) front-end development (ES2018 JavaScript, React): 3 years (required) backend and API development(Node.js, PostgreSQL, Redis): 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID4:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience 1 year of software development experience Experience programming with two or more of the following languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go and/or Python. Experience working one or more of the following: web or mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Experience developing accessible technologies. Working proficiency in verbal and written English. Ability and interest to learn other coding languages as needed Ability to start in 2021 or 2022. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. 
ScrapedJobID5:
Please note that this position is based in Québec, Canada, therefore the job posting is written in French. Analyser, documenter, créer et effectuer des tests des composantes Salesforce dans nos différents ports d’attache à travers le monde. Réaliser l’installation, la configuration, la migration et la personnalisation de Salesforce. Étudier les besoins des utilisateurs du système et les difficultés rencontrées. Résoudre des problèmes techniques. Procéder à l’analyse, à la restructuration et à l’amélioration des composantes de codes existants. Faire des tests et des expérimentations d’API pour assurer le développement continu. Faire un suivi des solutions mises en place. Soutenir les usagers dans l’utilisation des systèmes informatisés. Documenter la portée des projets selon les objectifs et les bénéfices attendus. Vous possédez un DEC en techniques de l’informatique, combiné à deux ans d’expérience, ou un baccalauréat en informatique – ou tout autre domaine connexe. Vous avez une bonne connaissance de un ou plusieurs modules Salesforce : Sales Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Field Service Lightning, Community Cloud et Salesforce Flow – requis. Vous détenez une ou plusieurs des certifications Salesforce suivantes : Administrator, CPQ Specialist, Platform Developper/App Builder, Integration Architecture Designer et System/Application/Technical Architect – un atout. Vous avez de bonnes capacités de communication en anglais, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit. Vous serez localisé au Campus Premier Tech, notre siège mondial où travaillent 1 400 équipiers. Le mode de vie des équipiers ressemble à celui d’un campus universitaire : petit café, boutique Premier Tech, conciergerie d’entreprise, salles de formation, architecture favorisant l’innovation et les liens entre les équipiers, cours de yoga et bien plus! Le poste est situé à Rivière-du-Loup, entre Québec et Rimouski. Voici une occasion unique d’allier une carrière en entreprise internationale à la qualité de vie qu’offre la région du Bas-St-Laurent. Pourquoi choisir entre qualité de vie et carrière, lorsqu’il est possible d’avoir les deux? 
ScrapedJobID6:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID7:
Work with the product, CX, engineering, and stakeholder teams to transform a user journey into code. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure, scalable code for front-end user experiences. Deliver using agile, test driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. Have the opportunity to integrate the UI with the platform via APIs, backend integration, web, mobile and data pipelines. 3 to 5+ years of front-end development using Angular 2+ (or modern frameworks, e.g. React, Vue, etc). Experience in one or more front-end test frameworks, e.g. jest, jasmine, cypress, mocha, etc. Excellent knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, javascript (ES6+), TypeScript. Experience with CSS frameworks, e.g. Bootstrap. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Proven experience building cutting edge User experiences. Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line. Love to own problems and drive solutions. Working autonomously and being highly resourceful Bachelors, MSC or PHD in computer science or engineering Other Valued Skills* Git or other version control systems Python Regex Relational databases such as PostgresQL, MySQL Experience with event based systems, e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Experience in payment and billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID8:
Use leading edge technologies to produce n-tier enterprise applications. Analyze functional specifications and create and document technical designs. Develop high-quality code that meets our product specifications and technical standards. Conduct unit testing and assist Quality Assurance staff to successfully complete QA and integration testing. Provide technical guidance and assistance to team members. Meet critical project deadlines, doing whatever it takes. Provide second-level support to internal staff members and clients as required. Visual Studio 2013-2019, .NET and C# are a must (experience with version 4.5 or later is required) Working experience with WPF/MVVM building desktop applications will be considered an asset. Must have ORM experience. Knowledge of Entity Framework 6.x will be considered an asset. Must have working experience with MS-SQL Server, T-SQL and Stored Procedures. Dependency Injection, Unit Testing, TDD, WCF, Team Foundation Server, MS Reporting Services and Windows Workflow Foundation are assets Good understanding of MS-SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedures; Familiarity with CLR assemblies is an asset Minimum of Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. Minimum 2 to 5 years of software development experience with above technologies/frameworks. Experience with Kanban methodology, continuous integration and TDD. Proven prior work experience developing large and complex applications. Relational database-driven and n-tier application development experience. Solid understanding of and experience with the software development life cycle. Self-starter that can work in an agile environment with little oversight and direction. Pride and craftsmanship in the work that you do. 
ScrapedJobID9:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on user requirements using PL/SQL, Java, Oracle Forms/Reports, Oracle JDeveloper. Test and debug program units in conjunction with other units and/or systems and integrate with other program modules and systems. Participate in project and team meetings interacting and collaborating with team members and other departments as appropriate. Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business and user requirements. Provide analysis of problems reported by customers. Other related duties as assigned. Minimum 3 years professional programming experience using PL/SQL. Exposure to Java and Oracle JDeveloper is an asset. A self-starter who takes initiatives but seeks the assistance of others when necessary. Excellent problem solving and customer service abilities. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. University Degree, preferably in Computer Science. Full-time, permanent role Flexible remote work policy Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Virtual Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, virtual game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual fitness classes, wellness webinars, and discounted gym memberships RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment 
ScrapedJobID10:
8 hour shift Node.js: 3 years (required) React: 3 years (required) JavaScript: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID11:
Knowledge of best practices building a clean codebase. eg. file maintenance, component structure Portfolio demonstrating your frontend skills Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Strong knowledge of fundamentals of JavaScript without a framework 2-5 years exp. with one or many of the top JavaScript frameworks or libraries. ie. React, Vue, Angular Strong knowledge of CSS Comfortable with the command line and git utilities Worked with large projects from inception to completion Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with Node Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID12:
You will design, develop, modify, debug and/or maintain software code according to functional, non-functional, and technical design specifications. You will follow Amdocs software engineering standards, applicable software development methodology and release processes, to ensure code is maintainable, scalable, and supportable, and demo the software products to stakeholders. You will work with Amdocs customers to understand their business requirements and build solutions to meet their needs You will investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code, provide fixes and workarounds, and review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions. You will work within a team, collaborate, and add value through participation in peer code reviews, provide comments and suggestions, and work with cross functional teams to achieve goals. You will provide technical support for issue resolution, customer inquiries and solution design regarding Amdocs products and solutions You will be encouraged to actively look for innovation, continuous improvement, and efficiency in all assigned tasks. Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computer Science or equivalent Strong technical, analytical, problem solving, and communication skills Required knowledge in C++, Java, SQL & Unix Experience with the Spring framework components - Spring Boot, MVC, Integration, Security, etc. Good understanding of RESTful APIs and open systems Experience with continuous integration and deployment. (CI/CD) Knowledge of a public cloud technology stack (AWS or Azure or Google Cloud) Amdocs is dedicated to your success as a technology professional. This is an opportunity to be an instrumental member of an industry leader and work with our industry's most sophisticated technologies. You will be exposed to the latest training in the industry both internally and externally. You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever-growing opportunities for personal growth. We are a dynamic, multi-cultural organization that constantly innovates and empowers our employees to grow. Our people our passionate, daring, and phenomenal teammates that stand by each other with a dedication to creating a diverse, inclusive workplace. We offer a wide range of stellar benefits including health, dental, vision, and life insurance as well as paid time off, sick time, 5 hours a month for volunteering and parental leave! 
ScrapedJobID13:
assist in gathering requirements and project specifications create websites and email templates from provided design concepts using standard HTML/CSS/JavaScript practices write and maintain technical documentation write clean, well-designed code identify and solve software issues experienced by clients. a post-secondary education in computer science or a related field or courses/programs specializing in website development 1-3 years of software development experience using web application technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS 1-3 years of experience with a database management system (SQL Server, MySQL, etc) knowledge of CMS platforms like WordPress or similar would be an asset knowledge of email deployment systems like Mailchimp, Constant Contact or similar would be an asset ability to work with database or spreadsheet data. strong understanding of CSS, Browser and Email Client relationships. awareness of and pride in 100% client satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID14:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Leading UI Development team for Listed Sales and Trading in Morgan Stanley; Set up architectural guidelines to enforce consistency & reusability. Ensures performance, quality, and reliability of our platforms Providing global development and delivery of Passport, a proprietary E-Trading platform offered by Morgan Stanley to our external clients; Providing the architecture and design of changes in trading application User interface and trade capture services; Providing global development and delivery of Carbon for Fixed Income department. Liaising with business users to co-ordinate new requirements for new features; Working as a point person with them for any concerns or issue they have; Providing support for Clients trading with Morgan Stanley using existing system for any critical issues and escalations as and when needed; and Mentoring and growing a team a Montreal for Listed Sales and Trading applications in Morgan Stanley. .NET C# / WPF Experience with web standards (REST APIs, Web Security Mechanisms) Experience in managing architectural implications of performance, scalability and extensibility on system design and approaches. Understanding of open-source server platforms (Redis, Kafka, Elastic Search) Broad Understanding of DevOps tools and technologies (Git, Jenkins, Ansible) Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID15:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID16:
Participate in the design, development and review of the UI Design. Develop and deploy front end solutions to match the UI Design; Be on top of trends and technology concerning UI and Front End; Participate in the creation of unit tests and integration tests Be comfortable in either Kanban or Scrum methodologies. Ensure efficient, resilient and secure application development Help stakeholders manage contents via content management systems 4 years of post secondary education, or an equivalent combination of studies and experience At least 5 years of experience in software design and C # development Experience in Web development (.NET, C #, HTML5, bootstrap, Restful API, XML, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, ASP.net) UI / UX design experience and ability Knowledge of TFS, and JIRA. Familiarity with Content Management System and their concepts (Word Press experience is a plus) Extended Health Care Monday to Friday Software Development: 4 years (Preferred) Montréal, QC (Required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID17:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Leading UI Development team for Listed Sales and Trading in Morgan Stanley; Set up architectural guidelines to enforce consistency & reusability. Ensures performance, quality, and reliability of our platforms Providing global development and delivery of Passport, a proprietary E-Trading platform offered by Morgan Stanley to our external clients; Providing the architecture and design of changes in trading application User interface and trade capture services; Providing global development and delivery of Carbon for Fixed Income department. Liaising with business users to co-ordinate new requirements for new features; Working as a point person with them for any concerns or issue they have; Providing support for Clients trading with Morgan Stanley using existing system for any critical issues and escalations as and when needed; and Mentoring and growing a team a Montreal for Listed Sales and Trading applications in Morgan Stanley. .NET C# / WPF Experience with web standards (REST APIs, Web Security Mechanisms) Experience in managing architectural implications of performance, scalability and extensibility on system design and approaches. Understanding of open-source server platforms (Redis, Kafka, Elastic Search) Broad Understanding of DevOps tools and technologies (Git, Jenkins, Ansible) Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID18:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID19:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID20:
Perform the analysis and programming required to support different projects Participate in workplace integration (office and plant) and provide required training to users Support users and participate in the management of computer equipment: maintenance, new acquisition or replacement Perform any other tasks requested by the immediate supervisor such as participating in projects improvement within a multi-functional team DEC in computer science with an option in programming or industrial computer science WPF, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, ASP.NET, VB.NET, AngularJS and C# programming Good knowledge of programming and script SQL Knowledge of a manufacturing management software (ERP) (a plus) Permanent, full-time position You'll be joining a team that's committed to solving day-to-day issues, but always in a pleasant work environment! The best of both worlds: the resources of a large company and a family-like atmosphere A team that is passionate, attentive and committed to excellence A dynamic and stimulating work environment Flexible schedules that allow you to balance your work and your personal life Group insurance (different plans adapted to your needs) Registered Retirement Savings Plan with employer contributions Employee and Family Assistance Program Social activities. 
ScrapedJobID21:
Deliver high quality products at a rapid pace Collaborating closely with Product Team to build the best data science applications Building new functionality for Arima's backend and data services Experience with web technologies, including HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript Highly experienced with back-end programming languages (preferably Python) Hands on professional experience with React Proficient experience using advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Experience with building RESTful APIs, and databases Experience with responsive web applications Experience in Data Science and Machine Learning would be helpful, but not required. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Python: 1 year (required) React: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID22:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID23:
Eclipse Consulting firm Telecommunications industry Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Object-Oriented programming languages Java JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Python Subversion (SVN) Criminal record check Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Database software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Data analysis software Business diagram software API Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID24:

ScrapedJobID25:
Investigating and correcting client custom work in TSQL/SSIS/SSRS/C#. Investigating and correction of integration solutions using various technologies such as SQL Server, WCF Services and Web APIs in C#, JSON, SML and Microsoft SQL Server Data tools. Thorough unit testing of development work. Engage with the Support Team Members, Team Leads, Managers, account managers, Technical Solutions Expert, Clients and Management. Development of new client requirements. Comparing technical specification and updating of technical specification where required. Investigating and correcting of Qlik dashboards. BSC Computer Science or relevant qualification. Advanced T-SQL (Minimum 4 years' experience). Intermediate level SSRS, SSIS. Intermediate C#. Understanding of RESTful Web services / Web API's / WCF Services and JSON. Experience in a customer facing role. Understanding of N-Tier systems: Presentation, application and database layers that form large systems. Experience in Qlikview / QlikSense dashboard development. Client support. Power BI experience. Database design, development. Knowledge of SSAS. Integration or dashboard/reporting experience. Administration Knowledge of SQL Server. Ability to document technical specifications, processes and procedures. Good understanding of different development methodologies. Excellent communication Skills – written and oral. Positive attitude, team player. High attention to detail. Quality conscious, analytical, assertive, ability to multitask. Self-starter and quick learner. Professional and presentable. Own It! Do the right thing Embrace Ideas Win together Think Beyond 
ScrapedJobID26:
Participate in project planning meetings to design and document software features, requirements, and specifications Communicate effectively with end users to determine software requirements Write and maintain code in conjunction with other developers and changing requirements Read and write documentation for code Maintain, support, and enhance legacy applications Assist Senior development team with business development initiatives (demonstrations, client meetings, presentations, bids and proposal support, etc.) Remain current on web technology trends, and rapidly learn and apply new skills and tools during the life cycle of a project Clear understanding of computer programming principles React.js, GraphQL, Azure Comfortable using Visual Studio Code Hardware/Software experience with servers, desktops, laptops and printers in a Windows environment Ability to work in a team environment Good troubleshooting and strong analytical thinking skills Self starter and motivated Ability to learn on their own Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID27:
Change the way consumers learn about finance with engaging software Opportunity to work with our clients, which are prominent organizations in the finance, education and non-profit space. Play a key role in developing our consumer engagement platform with modern software technologies – there is no legacy code! You will join a team that is passionate about helping consumers make informed decision about personal finance You will learn top notch JavaScript coding practices You will learn to build amazing looking software with pure SASS and flexbox You will become proficient with modern JavaScript frameworks including React.js and Node.js You will learn best practices in Agile software development methodology You will become fluent with continuous delivery processes Passionate about developing great looking web and mobile software Strong understanding of JavaScript. Knowledge of React.js and Node.js is a plus, but not required. Understanding of modern client and server side architectures Understanding of RESTful APIs Experience with Git and typical Git flow in team environment Great communication skills and eager-to-learn attitude Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) HTML5: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (preferred) Angular: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID28:
Implement new solutions for our Loyalty Program Partners through web development, configuration and customization of Points platforms and products Gather solution requirements by working directly with our Loyalty Program Partners & Internal Stakeholders Ensure the solutions we deploy are of the highest quality using appropriate QA methodologies and champion issue resolution Update your progress with your team & stakeholders 2+ Years’ experience in a development role Working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (e.g. XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Software development experience is considered an asset Experience in a managed solution or SaaS environment 
ScrapedJobID29:
3+ years agency experience A desire to work with mission-driven institutions like nonprofits, universities, museums, and civic organizations Excellent communication for both internal and client-facing communications. Proficiency with JavaScript Mastery of web standards and best practices, particularly the ability to leverage templating languages like Twig to write meaningful, semantic HTML that responds across devices and breakpoints, degrades gracefully, and meets (or exceeds) the latest accessibility guidelines. Though we very often roll our own, frontend frameworks help us not reinvent the wheel, and save time. You should know when and where to use modern frameworks like Bootstrap and Material Design as a baseline. Comfort with Drupal 8/9 and a desire to learn more; expertise desired. Comfort with modern development practices, build tools, and package managers. Stylesheet mastery in CSS3 including flexbox, grids, and the rest of the goodies. DRY principles. SASS structures that honor reusable component architectures. Git and version control best practices Familiarity with Variable Fonts and advanced media queries Agile methodologies, Scrum, and issue tracking tools like JIRA SVG and CSS3 animation JavaScript-based frameworks like React, AngularJS, Vue.js Gatsby, or AwesomeThingJS Visual design User Experience design Information architecture Mapping and data visualization 
ScrapedJobID30:
Culture: an organization that is guided by our fundamental principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality; Opportunity: to work with the best and brightest in the non-profit field, in an environment that promotes continuous learning, creativity and collaboration; Employee Benefits: achieve a work/life balance for you and your new team with competitive vacation time, generous personal days and flexible work arrangements; Meaningful Work: you will be creating technological innovations that support emergencies and save lives. Maintain and develop new features on our applications based on requirements; Keep an eye on security updates, issues and all project dependencies; Develop unit test code as part of overall quality assurance best practices; Participate in design review and code inspections; Collaborate with teams across the company to solve software, system design and implementation problems; Work with development and product management teams to define user story acceptance criteria, break down complex stories into tasks, estimates, plan and deliver; Convert technical and functional requirements into system level design specifications, to develop high-performance software; Contribute to improvement in our corporate software development methodology and practices; Troubleshoot and debug new or existing software programs; Write or update functional requirement documents and guides, as required; Other duties as required. Bachelor degree in computer software with a minimum 5+ years’ experience in Front End development or equivalent combination of education and experience; Major experience in implementing complex application with one of the major front-end framework (preferably with Vue.js); Familiarity with state management pattern, routing and Single Page Application; Expertise in HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript; Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs; Vuetify usage an asset; Understanding responsive design principles and how to apply them on the client-side; Experience with DevOps tooling for development (e.g. Docker); English and French communications (oral and written); Experience in agile methodologies such as SCRUM; Ability to work well within a team – sharing information as appropriate, respectfully, while being approachable; Excellent interpersonal communication skills and experience in contributing to diverse teams is critical; 
ScrapedJobID31:
3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer and/or BI Developer role Strong SQL skills and knowledge of data warehouse principles & visualization tools Experience with data manipulation & processing of large & complex data sources on cloud systems Experience with data pipeline tools Experience with Python, R or another scripting language Experience in statistical models & analysis Excellent quantitative and analytical with ability to draw conclusions based on data Able to work in a fast-paced environment with quick turnaround Strong problem solving skills and ability to provide creative solutions Working with other team members to design, build, and deploy reliable data pipelines. Maintaining our existing data pipelines. Optimizing our data stores for fast efficient querying for our technology and reporting infrastructure. Run standardized queries to extract data from data lakes and other tools. Evangelize high quality software engineering practices towards building data infrastructure and pipelines at scale. Arbitrate critical decisions correctly considering data best practices, system realities & numerous stakeholders' feedback. Streamline the ingestion of raw data and leverage data into meaningful insight Design data models for both optimal storage and retrieval Coordinate and collaborate with the internal teams to provide the strategic data needed to drive the business forward Goals are a target, but the objective is to exceed them while meeting deadlines Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID32:
1 year of front-end email development Experience building table-based HTML email layouts Experience building responsive email from scratch Experience using Salesforce Marketing Cloud (formerly ExactTarget) or another email deployment platform Experience testing HTML emails in Litmus Confidence without ego A glass-half-full type – positive attitude takes you places Focused on every last detail because you get the big picture Eager to question things – there is opportunity in questions Accountable – even when that means highlighting a mistake Eager to make those around you better Always up for a challenge Monday to Friday front-end email development: 1 year (required) building table-based HTML email layouts: 1 year (required) building responsive emails from scratch: 1 year (required) using email deployment platform: 1 year (required) English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID33:
Whiteboarding sessions to design solutions that focus on scalability, performance, usability, and extensibility Define and evolve design patterns that improve code readability and maintainability Write clean code with accompanying unit and e2e tests for a variety of digital products Be part of a dynamic team that is based on Agile principles – self-managing teams, continuous improvement, and iterative development Work with a team whose focus is to create best-in-class product and user experience Contribute to the decision of what technology to use for projects with collaboration and guidance from the greater team Champion process improvements based on industry best-practices Be part of a mentoring relationship with other technologists in the organization You are passionate about learning new technologies, tackling interesting work and challenging problems Committed to continuous learning and always expanding your skillset Excited about being part of an organizational transformation where technology is a major driver Focused on maximizing the delivery of business value Someone who takes pride in and ownership of the things you build You have 1-3 years of industry experience Working knowledge of software design patterns, such as Reactive Programming, MV*, VIPER, etc. Solid understanding RESTful services Experience in Behavior or Test Driven Development (TDD or BDD) and agile methodologies Strong oral and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID34:
Bachelors’ degree with minimum 8+ years’ experience in IT industry Strong Data-warehouse background and Minimum 5+ years of HANDS-ON experience in Ab Initio Graphical Development Interface Experience in Designing the Graphs, Parameterizing the graph using PSETS Good knowledge on all Components of Ab Initio such as Scan, join, Partition by key, Partition by Round Robin, Gather, Merge, Interleave, Lookup, Custom layout, Mutt Component, etc. Good experience in Ab-initio parallelism techniques, Ab-initio Graphs using Data, Pipeline Component parallelisms Strong knowledge in Shell scripting, Advanced PL-SQL for development of complex code to build business rules to load data into target systems Recommend design alternatives for data ingestion from variety of sources into different types of target databases Knowledge on Abinitio air commands and m commands Working experience in Abinitio BRE Business Rule Environment or ACE Application Configuration Environment is desirable Translate functional requirements into technical design Good debugging skills Banking Financial domain experience Technical Leadership experience Experience in GDE/Co-op Version 3.3.4 and above Ability to operate in a fast paced environment assimilating large amounts of information quickly. Excellent analytical, interpersonal, and leadership skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Desire to take ownership and run the show end to end 8 hour shift Ab-Initio: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID35:

ScrapedJobID36:
Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Identify issues and develop solutions and processes that address and resolve them Unit and integration testing as per standards and design specifications Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, and tools Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Experience with Gatsby, SASS or LESS is a plus Strong experience with using NPM, and Webpack to build and streamline processes Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and APIs Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID37:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Front-End: NextJS, Typescript, Apollo GQL, React with Hooks (v16.10), Styled Components, ES Lint, Prettier (testing: Jest) Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID38:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 2+ years of professional experience in a full-stack software development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID39:
Eager and willing to learn Strong communication skills; you will be speaking with clients Strong ability to problem solve Would have some experience in web development (JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, etc.) Would have some education, eg.: Computer Systems Technology Diploma or B.Sc Computer Science. If you don't have any formal education, but feel like you'd be a good fit, please do not hesitate to apply. Experience in WordPress would be considered an asset One-on-one mentorship with experienced software engineer to help you hone your software development skills Robust benefits package Located in the Concourse Building at Innovation Place, you have access to the parks facilities including the Gym, Racket ball courts, games rooms, cafes, special events and more Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID40:
Develop new tools to help reduce inefficiencies and create automated reporting. Enhance application by replacing existing word/excel forms with web-based intake. Enhance existing workflow tool to allow onboarding of new teams and workflows. Enhance existing Intakes to capture new fields for various request types. Application modernization Quality of life enhancements for all existing applications Upgrade existing code (front-end libraries, UI, etc.) Development Design & develop Architecture (when required) Frontend development using jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS Backend development using C# and Microsoft MVC and Entity Framework Database development in Oracle Testing, Integration & Deployment Participate in code reviews and knowledge sharing with the team Collaborate with partners on day-to-day development requests and support Solution Design Design and recommend solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of different approaches Participate in the definition of project delivery (phases and timelines) Prepare documentation and use case scenarios when required Requirement Gathering Work with our partners to understand their processes as well as help define and clarify their requirements Driven, accountable and adaptable Excellent communication (written and oral), problem solving, creativity and judgment skills Excellent ability to analyze, structure, and synthesize/summarize information Experience in ASP.NET MVC (C#) Experience with front-end technologies (CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, html, Ajax) Experience in Database modeling and SQL/PLSQL development Bachelor's degree in computer science (or equivalent) or working experience Advanced knowledge in the use of Oracle for performing complex database processes (asset) Bilingual: English/French (asset) Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends .Net Full stack Development: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID41:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be responsible for designing and implementing solutions to improve the responsiveness and performance of this UI component. You will work with our current SMEs to identify and understand the technical challenges of the legacy application and design a roadmap for the next iteration of this user-interface. You will analyze the current data flows and technologies in place as to identify bottlenecks. This may involve simulations and load testing to gather observations. Research, develop or adopt new solutions to keep this UI up to the latest standards. Revisit our current development practices, be it testing, telemetry, deployment or code organization. You will support different phases of the product lifecycle including analysis, development, and testing. Minimum 5 years of experience in C# Excellent Communication Skills Experience in complete development cycle A passion for learning and a strong interest in the Financial Industry are essential Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID42:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Flexible schedule Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Have you read and confirmed you meet the eligibility criteria for this role? NextJS: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 1 year (required) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID43:
Proven experience with VueJS, or other popular client-side Javascript frameworks such as Angular and React Strong knowledge of JavaScript, ES6 syntax and other front-end technologies like HTML5 and CSS3 Familiarity with MVC, MVP and REST API concepts Can spot misaligned pixels a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Independently complete development tasks and actively contribute to deploying code to production Grow into a leading role, guiding team members to frontend web development best practices Collaborate with the Product team to develop user-centric features Contribute to development estimations and support product delivery Work with designers to optimize and improve the user experience Deliver quality code, by conducting adequate automated testing Identify performance bottlenecks and bugs, and their remedies Learn from feedback and voice your opinions in a constructive fashion A university or college degree in computer science or a related field Disciplined self-starter, capable of working independently and in close collaboration within an agile development team Object Oriented design using common design patterns and SOLID principles Familiarity with Git code versioning system Profound insight of TCP, TLS and HTTP protocols is a plus Bonus points if you have 1+ years web development experience with one or more modern JavaScript libraries such as Vue.js, React, or Angular Must be a Canadian resident and legally eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID44:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID45:
Interpret complex programming specifications Perform programming, testing and implementation activities Perform problem solving activities Prepare and maintain system documentation On call Duties as described in the on call procedures Experience creating reports in Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Experience creating Integration Services packages (SSIS) Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent College diploma A minimum of 3 years demonstrated experience with prevailing computing technology and attendant tools Good communication (both written and oral) and organizational skills Good interpersonal skills Ability to function in a team environment PC literate and proficiency in MS OFFICE software A compressed work week that results in 20+ long weekends a year A comprehensive employee health benefit plan that includes travel insurance An employee assistance program that provides access to phone and in-person support from social service professionals Discounted corporate gym memberships Employee birthday’s off A casual dress policy Summer and winter employee appreciation events Anniversary celebrations based on years of service The option of five additional unpaid vacation days per year Personal days Free parking Opportunities for professional development and career growth through industry training Work from Home Flex Time Treadmill Workstations Support of local charities like the Sudbury food bank, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Toronto, and the local soup kitchen – to name a few Green initiatives to reduce our carbon footprint Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID46:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Flexible schedule Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Have you read and confirmed you meet the eligibility criteria for this role? NextJS: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 1 year (required) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID47:
Proven experience with VueJS, or other popular client-side Javascript frameworks such as Angular and React Strong knowledge of JavaScript, ES6 syntax and other front-end technologies like HTML5 and CSS3 Familiarity with MVC, MVP and REST API concepts Can spot misaligned pixels a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Independently complete development tasks and actively contribute to deploying code to production Grow into a leading role, guiding team members to frontend web development best practices Collaborate with the Product team to develop user-centric features Contribute to development estimations and support product delivery Work with designers to optimize and improve the user experience Deliver quality code, by conducting adequate automated testing Identify performance bottlenecks and bugs, and their remedies Learn from feedback and voice your opinions in a constructive fashion A university or college degree in computer science or a related field Disciplined self-starter, capable of working independently and in close collaboration within an agile development team Object Oriented design using common design patterns and SOLID principles Familiarity with Git code versioning system Profound insight of TCP, TLS and HTTP protocols is a plus Bonus points if you have 1+ years web development experience with one or more modern JavaScript libraries such as Vue.js, React, or Angular Must be a Canadian resident and legally eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID48:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID49:
Interpret complex programming specifications Perform programming, testing and implementation activities Perform problem solving activities Prepare and maintain system documentation On call Duties as described in the on call procedures Experience creating reports in Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Experience creating Integration Services packages (SSIS) Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent College diploma A minimum of 3 years demonstrated experience with prevailing computing technology and attendant tools Good communication (both written and oral) and organizational skills Good interpersonal skills Ability to function in a team environment PC literate and proficiency in MS OFFICE software A compressed work week that results in 20+ long weekends a year A comprehensive employee health benefit plan that includes travel insurance An employee assistance program that provides access to phone and in-person support from social service professionals Discounted corporate gym memberships Employee birthday’s off A casual dress policy Summer and winter employee appreciation events Anniversary celebrations based on years of service The option of five additional unpaid vacation days per year Personal days Free parking Opportunities for professional development and career growth through industry training Work from Home Flex Time Treadmill Workstations Support of local charities like the Sudbury food bank, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Toronto, and the local soup kitchen – to name a few Green initiatives to reduce our carbon footprint Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID50:
Whiteboarding sessions to design solutions that focus on scalability, performance, usability, and extensibility Define and evolve design patterns that improve code readability and maintainability Write clean code with accompanying unit and e2e tests for a variety of digital products Be part of a dynamic team that is based on Agile principles – self-managing teams, continuous improvement, and iterative development Work with a team whose focus is to create best-in-class product and user experience Contribute to the decision of what technology to use for projects with collaboration and guidance from the greater team Champion process improvements based on industry best-practices Be part of a mentoring relationship with other technologists in the organization You are passionate about learning new technologies, tackling interesting work and challenging problems Committed to continuous learning and always expanding your skillset Excited about being part of an organizational transformation where technology is a major driver Focused on maximizing the delivery of business value Someone who takes pride in and ownership of the things you build You have 1-3 years of industry experience Working knowledge of software design patterns, such as Reactive Programming, MV*, VIPER, etc. Solid understanding RESTful services Experience in Behavior or Test Driven Development (TDD or BDD) and agile methodologies Strong oral and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID51:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Very good development skill in Python Knowledge writing secure, testable, and robust code Experience with system design and development Good knowledge of Linux / UNIX fundamentals Knowledge of modern software development practices Cloud administration experience Knowledge, awareness and contributor to open source projects would be an ideal fit Knowledge of GIT Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID52:
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science, Computer Systems Technology Diploma, or related technical degree, diploma or certificate Proficiency in modern software language (JavaScript) Must be a permanent Canadian resident (Optional) Proficiency / interest in marketing Develop software with the ability to take on tasks and independently work on them to completion Follow best practices to write clean, maintainable, scalable, and tested software Maintain and improve the performance of existing software Clearly and regularly communicate with management and development team Test and maintain software to ensure strong functionality and optimization Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Company events Dental care Extended health care Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID53:
Write web applications in Javascript, HTML, CSS that are heavily dependent on VueJS and GWT Accountable for delivering assigned development tasks and take ownership in order to deliver on time Translate provided designs and style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance; Scope and estimate the development and testing effort for user stories Perform automated testing (Unit, Integration and End to End) within an iterative agile environment Share knowledge with the team by participating in Code Reviews and Pair Programming Participate in all agile ceremonies (standups, planning, training, backlog refinement, reviews, retrospectives) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related Software Engineering discipline or equivalent experience Experience in Front-End development with frameworks like Angular, VueJS, GWT or React Experience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. Knowledge of Object Oriented Programming Efficient in data structures Experience in REST Service interaction Team Spirit Good Communicator Open Minded, able to think within and out of the box Ability to take ownership of task and projects 
ScrapedJobID54:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID55:
Participate in the analysis of current and future needs. Become familiar with the existing program code. Do programming and/or analysis based on existing standards. Verify results to ensure that the programs run properly. University degree in computer science or computer/software engineering or a minimum of 3 years of experience in professional software development Practical experience in C# software development (trainee placement or school/personal projects) Practical experience in the development of Web applications with Angular or a similar Javascript framework (React, Vue, etc.) Practical development experience using HTML, CSS, JavaScript; Bilingual (French/English) Knowledge of database development in SQL Knowledge of an Agile development environment Knowledge of WCF Web services development Knowledge of API REST development Knowledge of Dynamics CRM an asset Knowledge of enterprise software architecture techniques and industry best practices 
ScrapedJobID56:
Are experienced with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and using databases. Have experience using and developing APIs. Understand user and system requirements Have an understanding of, or experience with, Agile development methodology. You’ll work in a dynamic, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals. Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use. Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. You have the ability to learn new skills quickly and use the skills efficiently. Markham Ottawa Mississauga Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, SQL Basic knowledge of operating systems and how they work (i.e. Operating systems courses); Container technologies; Internet Services; and/or Managed Services Basic understanding of user and system requirements Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology Must be eligible to work 4 months starting in May 2022 Skilled in working with Linux Kernel, scheduler, memory management system, device drivers, hardware architectures Familiarity with APIs Experience working with servers, applications and databases Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID57:
Improve the speed and overall quality of the internal operational software and app by writing JavaScript Architect, build and deploy internal features using NodeJS and React Native Assist in defining and implementing new features from prototype to delivery Partner with our in-house designer to craft beautiful and responsive user interfaces Minimum of an undergraduate degree in a related field (e.g. maths, engineering, software) Perfect fluency with JavaScript Experience with web development frameworks such as React and/or React Native Solid front end development skills (CSS/SCSS) Experience with cloud-hosted architectures a definite plus (SQL and RESTful APIs) Mobile development experience is an asset (IOS or Android) 
ScrapedJobID58:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID59:
Contribute to both client-facing and internal applications development, while delivering a great UI experience. Participate in design decisions and collaborate in technical reviews. Be a gatekeeper of the codebase and ensure that it stays stable, readable, and free of technical debt, while building & improving code across the entire stack. Identify opportunities for improvement and make constructive suggestions for change. Participate in development opportunities including training. Occasionally assist with recruitment, e.g. interviewing new team members. 2+ years of experience as a professional software developer. Proven familiarity with modern JavaScript, and intimate knowledge of the JS ecosystem (tooling, libraries, etc.), HTML, and CSS. High level familiarity with one or more front-end frameworks, especially React. Software development fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, etc.). Knowledge of good practices and design patterns, and writing idiomatic JavaScript code. Well developed written and verbal communications skills, including the ability to read, write, and speak English. Ability to legally work in Canada or the US. B.Sc. degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Experience with the AWS ecosystem of products. Understanding of performance implications and scalability of code. Experience with complex code bases and know how to maintain them. Keenness for writing good, meaningful tests and maintaining thorough test coverage. Experience in the Financial Services industry. Javascript codebase: NodeJS, Express. React front-end. REST, Socket.IO, GraphQL. PostgreSQL DB, Sequelize ORM. Serverless Infrastructure: AWS–including Lambda, DynamoDB, Step Functions, Cognito, EventBridge, S3, SQS, and many more. Casual dress Company events Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday professional software developer: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (required) HTML: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID60:
Experience in Coding using Java, C++, or Python. Strong fundamentals in Core java and data structures Knowledge in front end technologies like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Knowledge with databases like MySql, Oracle. Experience with unit testing, release procedures, and coding design. Experience with Frameworks like Spring, Hibernate, and rest will be plus Ability to create manual test cases. Familiar with Eclipse, Tomcat, and version control tools like SVN or GIT Flexible team player and should have the desire to learn and grow. Ability to manage tasks independently and take ownership of responsibilities. Excellent communication skills and ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment. Perform bug fixes of various modules applications that were raised by the testing team. Involve in debugging the defects, code review, and analysis of Performance issues. Use Splunk for performance monitoring and system exceptions. 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID61:
PHP / Laravel experience MySql experience Vuejs / React - frontend Has built a modern web app from start to finish Post secondary graduate Solution Needed: Crawl a website to generate all of the URLs (already built internally) Scrape the content off of each page Search sections of that content in Google to identify if it returns other examples showing that the content is in multiple locations Create a report/scoring algorithm to identify when a site has plagiarism and the extend of it Test the entire site scanning solution against best in class solutions like Copyscape which covers a single piece of content Future - Create a complete SAAS solution around this with payment, accounts etc Do you have family members that won’t play board games with you because you are too competitive? Do you love setting and achieving goals? Can you laugh at yourself? Do you love solving problems or puzzles and crushing a to-do list? Do notifications you have and unread messages drive you mad? Do you find winning as a team more fun than by yourself? Flexible hours Training with a senior developer Seeing a product you build go live Competitive compensation at $30/hr Remote Possible Pay - $30/hr Duration - 3 months (start Jan 3rd) PHP: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID62:
Develop and expand features and products using a variety of programming languages Review project requirements and write technical specifications Debug, test, and fix errors Document code development and revisions Create and use software tools to help automate writing code 3+ years of programming experience in PHP and JavaScript, ideally within the Laravel framework Familiarity with any of the following technologies would be a great asset, but not a requirement: Plotly, Vue.js, Vuetify, PostgreSQL, Python, Docker Experience with source control management, preferably using Git Bachelor of Software Engineering or equivalent qualification with at least 3 consecutive years experience programming in PHP & JavaScript Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills Strong attention to detail 8 hour shift Laravel: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID63:
Craft scalable JavaScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your Javascript muscle to design/develop single page web apps that use Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID64:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID65:
Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines JavaOS C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID66:
Participate in the architecture, development, testing, deployment, and delivery of large-scale software applications, systems, platforms, services or technologies. Create and amend data sources based on application requirements Create endpoints to SQL and noSQL data sources Work on both the frontend and backend of headless applications Ensure product resilience by automating tests as part of the CI/CD process Help organize the frontend and server-side tools and assets so that they can be used by several squads Proactively work with the product team to conceive technical or functional solutions Work closely with DevOps to continuously improve the delivery process Bring the team to new heights by presenting new concepts to a tech committee Be a key player for code reviews, documentation and sprint planning 1-3 years of web-based product management experience; 1-3 years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 1-3 years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles is a strong asset; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID67:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visual Studio Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Visual Basic VB Script JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS ASP SQL Ajax C# .NET ASP.NET Public transportation is available Attention to detail MS Windows Database software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Accurate Team player Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID68:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using software development best practices Collaborate with other developers, UX designers, and product owners to ensure the best outcomes and experience for our customers and our users Create user interfaces using React and other technologies as needed Integrate data from various back-end services Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on business and technical needs Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into our product and processes as appropriate Work with designers to match visual design intent 3+ years frontend experience, ideally with React Experience integrating with REST APIs Writing robust and testable code Creative problem-solving skills Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques Experience with C# backends or interest in diving into some backend work Experience working in a Scrum or Agile environment Experience with secure coding practices Experience with performance diagnosis and optimizations Competitive salary Comprehensive health and dental benefits Professional development opportunities Continuing Education Great colleagues and collaboration 
ScrapedJobID69:
currently an undergrad in Computer Science demonstrate ability working with REST APIs and JSON comfortable with a HTML/CSS/JavaScript/node.js stack ability to code with React.js, Bootstrap tables, and HighCharts able to use a MySQL database location: WeWork @ 1 University Ave, Toronto must be interested in finance/blockchains/trading-bots gain valuable experience in the fintech sector jumpstart your career while completing your degree gain access to our extensive professional network 
ScrapedJobID70:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be responsible for designing and developing a highly responsive React UI to present data in a way that allows senior front office to assess their risk exposure You will work on migrating the existing application from C# to React, and will build reusable components and front-end libraries in React, optimized for maximum performance across a range of mobile devices and browsers You will work with the latest web technologies and influence the web strategy for the team You will be expected to promote best practices, in terms of development tools, technologies and testing You will support different phases of the product lifecycle including analysis, development and testing You will be a technically proficient and enthusiastic developer, with a desire to work on the full software stack in order to help engineer new and existing components 5+ years of relevant experience React JavaScript ES10, HTML5 and CSS3 Automated GUI testing Linux and Shell scripting Excellent Communication Skills Experience in complete dev cycle A passion for learning and a strong interest in the financial industry are essential Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID71:

ScrapedJobID72:
Work closely with the Data Engineering team to develop data pipelines Collaborate with Data Engineering/Science team to help build libraries for data visualization Interact with Geotab's Big Data environment which includes working with resources within Google Cloud Platform (GCP) such as: Google BigQuery, Google Cloud Storage, Google Compute Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine, and many more Assist in building a suite of tools and libraries for Geotabbers to use, that allow for easier leverage of our Big Data environment Script CI/CD workflow Assist in maintaining and documenting best practices for Python development Within final two years of a degree or diploma in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or another relevant discipline Experience with Python development preferred Working knowledge of SQL preferred Experience with GIT preferred Experience using Python, Docker, Bash, Typescript, React, CSS or Java Java & C# knowledge preferred Passion for innovation and technology Previous industry work experience preferred Ping Pong and Foosball skills always a plus 
ScrapedJobID73:
Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into his or her work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve his or her technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, computer science or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semesterof school remaining following the completion of the internship. Oneyear of programming experience in an object-oriented language. Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms. 
ScrapedJobID74:
2 years experience building web applications in Python, PHP and JavaScript Experience and passion for modern web development technologies, methodologies, and techniques: HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript / jQuery, AJAX, etc. Knowledge of REST APIs Experience in building data driven website applications and knowledge of relational databases Experience working within teams Extreme attention to detail Excellent writing and proofing skills Server Side Database MySQL etc. Innovative and proven problem-solving skills Knowledge of Linux commands is a plus Familiar with Apache, Server configuration etc. is a plus Experience with mobile development is a plus Bachlor's degree or higher in Software Engineering Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID75:
Flexible schedule Work from home Front-end development: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID76:
Java development (Kotlin a plus but not required) Android application development Delivered production application Communication / collaboration Willing to tackle myriad of tasks Using 3rd party toolkits / dependencies git / android studio / GitHub Comfortable getting and giving PRs Ability to work during Pacific Time Zone 
ScrapedJobID77:
Culture of collaboration: Meet with mentors, make new friends across the globe and create a thriving personal network. Project-driven experience: Gain cross-functional skills from our virtual and in-person learning sessions, diverse subject matter experts, and project deliverables. Gain visibility: With iXp in your title, you’ll have a global network of SAP leaders, entrepreneurs and career development opportunities at your fingertips. Contribute to hands-on coding and design. Develop software end-to-end: elaborating requirements, coding features and automated tests, and troubleshooting and resolving production problems. Gain experience working on a codebase by figuring out and improving code. Embrace lean and agile software development principles. Develop, maintain and execute automated tests. Learn from others on the team through code reviews, sprint demos, knowledge sharing sessions and regular 1-on-1 coaching. Grow in leadership, presentation and other soft skills. Position Title: SAP iXp Intern - Agile Developer, HANA and Analytics Location: Vancouver, BC, Canada (please note that roles will be remote until local guidelines ensure safe office reopenings) Expected start date to end date: January 4, 2022 - September 2, 2022 Enjoys working on meaningful projects and is energized by lifelong learning. Dreams big and has a passion for delivering reliable and well-tested software. Likes to work with a motivated team who strives for similar goals. Currently registered in Computer Science or Engineering Ability to work well in a team as well as independently Possesses a positive self-motivated can-do attitude Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and/or Java Strong motivation to learn, teach, and grow Critical thinker with a passion for customers, engineering, and product quality Willing to commit for 8 months internship starting Januay 2021 at our beautiful SAP Vancouver office location Discount programs (Venngo, Yaletown Restaurants) Free coffee and tea Free daily fruit Subsidized pop, snacks, salad and more Foosball, pool, ping pong tables, and gym on site 
ScrapedJobID78:
We offer flexibility We offer a diverse work environment Futureproof your career with a job in information security Design and develop new features, in Java, JSP/HTML/JS/JQuery or SQL. Update and implement new cryptographic algorithms based on latest standards Build with tools such as Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, BitBucket, and other open-source tools Enrolled or completed an undergraduate Computer Science or Software Engineering program Completed at least three years of course work in your current program Strong Java expertise Good with details, time management and planning Great at communications and writing skills Can coordinate your activities within a team of energetic developers An understanding of cryptography, PKI concepts and software security practices You are comfortable working with Windows and the Linux family of operating systems You understand object-oriented design and apply design patterns Familiarity with x.509 standards, CMP, PKCS, S/MIME and SSL Leader in the security industry Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams Opportunities for on-the-job training You’ll help secure identities! 
ScrapedJobID79:
or equivalent experience C C++ C# 5-10 people Programming software Programming languages Software development Initiative Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Reliability Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID80:
Develop software solutions in an Agile environment by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; and following the software development lifecycle. Create, test and promote software coding. Solve problems arising from errors and issues related to software. Ensure feasible coding habits and clarity with code, for future use. Comprehend code and make it more efficient, as well as add to existing code without breaking functionality and logic. Learn information that may not be related solely to programming to improve comprehension. Communicate clearly using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques. Set up monitoring tools; check systems are healthy and running; look for defects to ensure data is valid Learn various software applications. Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Perform tasks precisely and according to standards and procedures, and without errors. Education in Computer Science or other education related to programming. Proven technical knowledge and practical experience in software development. Experience in the following software languages is preferred: Ruby, C#, HTML, Javascript, CSS, ASP.NET, and GIT. Ability to "think outside the box". Software Development Fundamentals and process. Software Design, documentation, testing. Keen attention to detail, accuracy and completeness. Ability to maintain a high level of productivity and self-direction. The desire to be part of a growing company with a huge focus on team collaboration. 
ScrapedJobID81:
Development, coordination, promotion and delivery of programs designed specific to the needs and preferences of the community for the facility Ensuring quality for the content and delivery of all programs and services Leadership and development of part-time staff including mentorship, providing resources and guidance, coordinating training and development, etc. Assisting the Fitness Supervisor with the management of part-time staff including evaluations, scheduling, etc. Providing direct supervision of staff, programs and services in the absence of the Supervisor Conducting on-site programs on occasion and/or when required Recommending changes in program schedules, create innovative programs to generate revenue Purchasing and maintaining an inventory of program supplies Maintaining existing City Recreation standards in program delivery to ensure Corporate efficiencies are realized Maintaining required statistics and prepare reports as required Assisting with monitoring and recommending annual budget Providing administrative services to ensure efficient and responsible operations for the centre Providing customer service and support to co-workers, management, and public Assuming the role of Manager on Duty on a regular basis Performing other related duties as assigned Degree or diploma in Recreation, Physical Education, Fitness/Health or related field with one to three years of experience in a fitness/recreation setting; or equivalent combination of education and experience Current fitness certification(s) as Personal Trainer Certification and/or Fitness Instructor Current CPR, First Aid Certification HIGH FIVE ® Principles of Healthy Child Development an asset Knowledge of equipment maintenance/preventative programs, knowledge of racquet sports and strong are considered assets Knowledge and experience with fitness recreation program design and delivery (i.e. sports conditioning, older adult/youth training, therapeutic rehabilitation, schedule and program development, part time staff management) and excellent customer service skills are required Must be able to demonstrate leadership skills and the ability to work in a team environment Must be a highly motivated, self-starter with excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to establish effective working relationships Ability to work in a changing environment and have an interest in broadening your experience is desired Proficient computer skills in Word, and Excel Knowledge of R3/SAP, Sharepoint and CLASS system is a definite asset Valid Ontario Class ‘G’ license and access to a vehicle is required Criminal Record Search-Vulnerable Sector Screening that is acceptable to the City of Mississauga will be required of the successful candidate 
ScrapedJobID82:
2+ years experience in a front end web development role Fluency in CSS, HTML, Javascript, React, jQuery and other front end languages Experience in running large scale technical site performance improvement projects Background building interactive web apps Ability to work 25-30 hours per week Webflow experience Experience with ecommerce An understanding of UX/UI and user behavior as it relates to marketing funnels Experience working with Analytics platforms like Segment or Google Analytics. Competitive salary Benefits (vary by location) Equity A highly skilled and dedicated team that is fun to work with Remote work – We are a diverse and distributed team that uses Slack, Zoom, Notion and other tools to stay connected Work in the open: Operate with high integrity and choose what's right over what's easy. Be transparent as a company and with each other People are People: Treat yourself, colleagues, and customers with dignity, empathy, and respect. Start from a presumption of positive intent Win and grow together: Strive to be the best, individually, and as a team. Support and encourage each other. Seek opportunities for growth 
ScrapedJobID83:
5+ years of experience working with front end development; 3+ years of experience with Angular 2+ (preferred) or other modern single-page application frameworks (React, Vue, etc.); Knowledge and experience with core web application technologies (HTTP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript) and how they relate to modern web SPA frameworks; and Familiarity with user experience design principles. 
ScrapedJobID84:
assist in gathering requirements and project specifications create websites and email templates from provided design concepts using standard HTML/CSS/JavaScript practices write and maintain technical documentation write clean, well-designed code identify and solve software issues experienced by clients. a post-secondary education in computer science or a related field or courses/programs specializing in website development 1-3 years of software development experience using web application technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS 1-3 years of experience with a database management system (SQL Server, MySQL, etc) knowledge of CMS platforms like WordPress or similar would be an asset knowledge of email deployment systems like Mailchimp, Constant Contact or similar would be an asset ability to work with database or spreadsheet data. strong understanding of CSS, Browser and Email Client relationships. awareness of and pride in 100% client satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID85:
Work closely with internal creative teams and external agencies to build and evolve insightly.com and all other web presence. Work closely with the content marketing team to ensure that the website and other online presence is optimized for SEO. Work closely with Product Marketing and other content teams to ensure that the latest messaging is represented. Ensure that the integration of insightly.com with the marketing automation system is optimized and operational. Debug and troubleshoot layout and scripting issues across a variety of browsers including IE 7+, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome. Work with back-end developers to integrate front-end and back-end code, ensuring design integrity. A bachelor degree in computer sciences or a related field, or equivalent experience. Expert in CMS-based development, primarily WordPress. Expert-level JavaScript programming and working knowledge of at least one popular JavaScript framework. Expert knowledge of JQuery, Bootstrap.js, HTML, CSS, and Ajax, as well as a good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3. Experience consuming services (XML, JSON, SOAP) using Ajax, as well as experience with Java technology stack will be a plus. A motivated self-starter who can proactively recommend improvements to the Insightly website. Excellent problem solving and communication skills. Curiosity for learning new technologies and methods, as well as a desire to build great products. Ability to work individually on a project or in a team environment. Proactive and organized. Career: We offer a well rounded total rewards package including equity for all employees, 401k, career learning & growth opportunities, comprehensive employer-sponsored health plans. Work-life balance:  We offer a generous flexible time off policy in addition to paid company holidays. A company that cares! Insightly is now a 100% remote first company which includes all of the benefits we provide for our employees to best adapt to the challenges and needs of a digital and dispersed workforce. Full IT set up for your home work station (laptop, monitor, keyboard, mouse, monitor stand) $250 one-time Ergonomics Stipend for all employees to set up their home office for success and comfort Starting Jan 2022- $50 per month remote work stipend to help you with your remote work needs. Weekly virtual, instructor led, yoga sessions Monthly virtual, instructor led, meditation sessions Weekly company newsletters, trivia, Slack challenges, and more! Virtual team and company events to keep the party going Culture and Values:  Diversity, Inclusion, and Support for all employees is vital to Insightly. To do so we have fantastic initiative such as: Company wide Women in Tech group which focuses on having female speakers from all backgrounds come and have "fireside chats" with the company on their careers, backgrounds, advice, etc. Women in Sales support group which focuses on professional development, community, and career advancement. Continual company-wide Diversity and Inclusion training with expert speakers and instructors Volunteering options- yes, even while remote! Company matched donations to support black and civil rights charities such as NAACP, BLM, ACLU, George Floyd Memorial Fund, Compassion Oakland, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, and more! We play as a team. We are ambitious and think big. We strive to make customers happy. We build with simplicity not complexity. 
ScrapedJobID86:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID87:
Kubernetes / OpenShift Docker Linux / Unix Must be eligible for an 4 month work term commencing January 2022. Java Python Bash Github Jenkins Co-op or internship program enrollment is preferred. 
ScrapedJobID88:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Experience programming in .net or C# Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program Experience creating either web or native mobile applications Experience developing eCommerce solutions Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work 
ScrapedJobID89:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID90:
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science, Computer Systems Technology Diploma, or related technical degree, diploma or certificate Proficiency in modern software language (JavaScript) Must be a permanent Canadian resident (Optional) Proficiency / interest in marketing Develop software with the ability to take on tasks and independently work on them to completion Follow best practices to write clean, maintainable, scalable, and tested software Maintain and improve the performance of existing software Clearly and regularly communicate with management and development team Test and maintain software to ensure strong functionality and optimization Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Company events Dental care Extended health care Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID91:
Able to write high quality code. The position will primarily involve programming in Go and Perl, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. A programming exercise will be given to all applicants. Comfortable developing for Linux or a similar platform. Experience writing tests and documentation. Excellent written and spoken communication skills. The ability to work with a geographically dispersed team. An interest in picking up new languages. Though most of our code is Perl and Go, we maintain open source libraries in several different languages. Open source contributions. Tell us about them! An interest in performance and security. Experience working with a cloud provider. Our systems run on Google Cloud Platform. Experience doing code reviews. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID92:
Fully remote and flexible working environment - Every one of our employees works from home every day of the week, and we provide a home office allowance to help you get set up to do your best work. Outcome-driven - We don’t micromanage developers; if you get the job done, you can do so anyway you like. Outstanding people - Every day, employees from every department get together to chat about tech, coffee, hobbies, jeeps, and much more. If you ever need help, there will always be volunteers available. Top-notch tech - Our application has been completely reworked from the ground up and uses a combination of Typescript, Vue, Sass, GraphQL, WebSockets, and more. Continuous improvement - We check in often, take feedback and make adjustments where we need to improve. Ideas are always welcome and received with an open mind. Generous compensation - The benefits package includes health, vision, dental and more. Plus yearly performance reviews and raises. A real team player - You’ll be joining a close-knit group of people who think of one another more like friends than coworkers. So a positive outlook and the ability to handle constructive criticism are musts. Passion for engineering - We don’t build run-of-the-mill software, and we like to move fast; there’s no room for lukewarm developers here. An always learning attitude - Software development is a fast-changing field, and our drive for continuous improvement means that you should expect to push your boundaries. The ability to think outside the box - Our app isn’t built to any standard, so don’t expect to jump into a bog-standard React/Redux or Vue/Vuex stack. Instead, some of our work will challenge you to rethink how you approach development. No agencies/contract work/etc. We are looking for individual, full-time employees. Only hiring in the USA or Canada — no exceptions. Provide a sample of your code. For example, a personal side project, your GitHub account, a stack overflow answer — anything will do. Please clarify in your cover letter how you meet the technical requirements listed - we always get a ton of applications, and lots of them are people that really aren't qualified. So help us help you - call out that you've read what we are looking for and speak to how you are a good fit. 
ScrapedJobID93:
1 year of front-end email development Experience building table-based HTML email layouts Experience building responsive email from scratch Experience using Salesforce Marketing Cloud (formerly ExactTarget) or another email deployment platform Experience testing HTML emails in Litmus Confidence without ego A glass-half-full type – positive attitude takes you places Focused on every last detail because you get the big picture Eager to question things – there is opportunity in questions Accountable – even when that means highlighting a mistake Eager to make those around you better Always up for a challenge Monday to Friday front-end email development: 1 year (required) building table-based HTML email layouts: 1 year (required) building responsive emails from scratch: 1 year (required) using email deployment platform: 1 year (required) English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID94:
Post-secondary graduates – this is not a requirement for residents of the Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavut applying for internships in those territories Underemployed (employed below their level of education, work part-time or unemployed) Between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the internship Canadian citizens, permanent residents or persons granted refugee status in Canada* Legally allowed to work according to the relevant provincial and Canadian legislation and regulations Available to work up to 3 months Previous participants of a DS4Y internship University or college co-op or intern students Employees of the hiring employer prior to the start of their internship (does not apply to previous coop students or student interns, although this must be clearly indicated by the employer) Work from home Monday to Friday Describe please what experience you have with Angular? Could you confirm that you meet the gov funding eligibility requirements? Yes 
ScrapedJobID95:
Reviewing and analyzing data from multiple sources Creating, maintaining, and updating company dashboards Using SQL to Develop Business Contextualized Databases off of Raw Data Writing SQL queries to store,sort and retrieve data for further analysis Supporting the marketing, rewards, customer growth, and engagement teams with their data needs and requirements Extracting and communicating insights from data Handling day-to-day data requests Engaging with the data engineering team to ensure data quality and integrity Reviewing data reports 2+ years of experience creating and maintaining dashboards Experience working in Databricks or other data warehouses Proven track record of being able to convert data into meaningful insights Strong understanding of SQL. Experience using tools such as Looker, PowerBI, or Tableau You have great attention to detail and a high standard of output You challenge the status quo and look for ways to continuously improve You're an effective communicator with strong organizational skills You are incredibly driven and hungry to learn You are a strong team player who can excel in a fast-paced environment 
ScrapedJobID96:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID97:

ScrapedJobID98:
You will be programming in JavaScript We will be using GIT for code management Knowledge of Vue.js or similar frameworks like React will be important Ability to read documentation and learn new tools is invaluable as you will be working with a variety of different npm packages Nice to have: Experience with Node.JS, Electron Yes 
ScrapedJobID99:

ScrapedJobID100:
Aptitude in software development fundamentals Previous experience with web development or a strong desire to ramp up quickly on it (React, Node JS), A pragmatic viewpoint to deliver the simplest technical solution that meets the requirements, and not to use technology for the sake of it An openness to write code that conforms to the best practices and policies of a large software organization, not just your personal preferences A desire to take ownership and pride in everything you do and stand by what you deliver Readiness to hit the ground running – you may not know how to solve everything right off the bat, but you will put in the time and effort to understand so that you can The internship will be for a period of 12 or 16 months. Co-op or internship program enrollment is mandatory Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Coding across the entire stack – UI, Services and Data Unit testing, test-driven development and test automation engineering in a real-world SaaS environment Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) using Amazon Web Services (AWS) A technology toolbelt that includes leading edge languages and tools with knowledge on when and why to use them How to work as an individual contributor on a large software team How an SDLC (software development life cycle) works in industry and scales to large teams releasing multiple interrelated software component multiple times per day How to get your code into production to be used by real customers How to adopt industry best practices in all of your projects - TDD (test driven development), CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery), IaC (Infrastructure as Code), linting, static code analysis Software and system architecture best practices, such as a microservice architecture and serverless computing, that allows a complex business application to scale to millions of users in a cost-effective manner An agile development environment delivering software features to production every day Team lunches, team events, flexible work environment A relentless desire to continuously improve 
ScrapedJobID101:

ScrapedJobID102:
Contribute to an erlang static type checker open source project Contribute to ETL big data processing enhancements Contribute to our react UI/UX component library Contribute to boolean expression parser for our targeting engine Participate in the full software development lifecycle of new services and system components Contribute to our software engineering practices Hands-on, problem-solving approach and a friendly human-facing side to communicate and manage expectations Get involved and actively participate in Scrum ceremonies If you are looking for a Summer 2022 internship, please keep an eye on our career site and apply at a later time should an opportunity arise. Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or a related technical field. At least two internships experience (or equivalent) and expected to graduate in Fall 2022 or Spring 2023 Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, Go, Ruby, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python or similar. Knowledge of Unix/Linux environment and git Good at problem solving and logical thinking Good communication skills Capacity and willingness to work in a cross-functional diverse team environment Knowledge and/or experience with agile methodologies such as Scrum Willingness to learn new programming languages Enjoy working with others who are smart and passionate about building useful, reliable, performant products Must be able to work Monday – Friday 37.5hrs/week schedule 
ScrapedJobID103:
Participating in all aspects of software development – from concept and implementation to testing and maintenance Work closely with all team members to drive product features to market Assist in the resolution of customer support issues on our developed software Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a team environment Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience / training Previous development experience in Java, C#, or PHP Knowledge of web services, database systems A good sense of humour No professional experience required. Industry experience in a software development position. 
ScrapedJobID104:
You know your way around code and have worked as a developer or software engineer. You’re able to talk hands-on to developers and you speak their language. You can go beyond the high-level marketing talk to really speak to how we can grow their products and communities. You have experience in content strategy and the editorial process. You enjoy working with clients and communicate with ease to help them find solutions. You’re a proactive self-starter who enjoys public speaking and engaging with developer communities. You’ll work partly alongside our sales team in a client-facing capacity to identify content that needs to be created and collaborate on effective content strategies to hit the client’s goals. Sometimes, this may mean fielding tech questions from clients or prospects and using your technical prowess to influence. From these client calls, you’ll create topic plans and developer a content strategy. You’ll also create briefs for articles that will be given to our writers. You’ll function as a mentor to our developer-writers as you guide their writing and coaching any changes needed. You’ll work cross-department to ensure a smooth and successful content campaign between all stakeholders. Software development: 2 years (preferred) Technical Editing: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID105:
Design and develop stunning websites on WordPress (no coding knowledge required) Write engaging content for each website. In most cases, the client will provide a rough draft of the written content, and then you will review and edit everything to make sure that the content is engaging and effectively structured for an elegant design Implement basic SEO tasks (no prior SEO experience is required) Communicate directly with clients (via email, phone, and Zoom) to customize their website, fulfill their unique needs, and exceed their expectations Ask clients to post an online review about their great experience Build and refine the agency’s standard operating procedures (SOPs) to optimize workflows and make the process straightforward for future employees Meet with prospective clients (virtually) to learn about their requirements and convince them to choose Azuro Digital if we’re a good fit for their project. Our owner will lead the sales process, but you will sometimes be asked to provide assistance Provide a portfolio of previous web design work, with an emphasis on quality over quantity. Even if you’ve only built 1 website in the past, you might still be a great fit for this position. The platform on which you built your previous websites doesn’t matter (we just need to know that you’re a good designer). Your portfolio can be delivered in any format (active website URLs, screenshots, design files, etc) and you can also include other types of designs in your portfolio (graphic design, logo design, etc) Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Motivated to take initiative, grow the company, and become a leader Experience with WordPress (especially the Elementor page builder) Experience with Webflow Experience with custom code Logo design experience Graphic design experience SEO experience As our first full-time hire, you will be treated more like a “partner” rather than an employee. You will have a significant impact on shaping the future trajectory of our company Opportunity to eventually take on a leadership role at the company (hiring, training, and managing future designers - in addition to working on the company’s largest and most exciting web design projects) Plenty of room for professional growth and salary increases Work from anywhere. The position is fully remote Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Are you going to submit your application on our website? Here is the link: https://azurodigital.com/job-application/ Yes 
ScrapedJobID106:
You know your way around code and have worked as a developer or software engineer. You’re able to talk hands-on to developers and you speak their language. You can go beyond the high-level marketing talk to really speak to how we can grow their products and communities. You have experience in content strategy and the editorial process. You enjoy working with clients and communicate with ease to help them find solutions. You’re a proactive self-starter who enjoys public speaking and engaging with developer communities. You’ll work partly alongside our sales team in a client-facing capacity to identify content that needs to be created and collaborate on effective content strategies to hit the client’s goals. Sometimes, this may mean fielding tech questions from clients or prospects and using your technical prowess to influence. From these client calls, you’ll create topic plans and developer a content strategy. You’ll also create briefs for articles that will be given to our writers. You’ll function as a mentor to our developer-writers as you guide their writing and coaching any changes needed. You’ll work cross-department to ensure a smooth and successful content campaign between all stakeholders. Software development: 2 years (preferred) Technical Editing: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID107:
Design and develop stunning websites on WordPress (no coding knowledge required) Write engaging content for each website. In most cases, the client will provide a rough draft of the written content, and then you will review and edit everything to make sure that the content is engaging and effectively structured for an elegant design Implement basic SEO tasks (no prior SEO experience is required) Communicate directly with clients (via email, phone, and Zoom) to customize their website, fulfill their unique needs, and exceed their expectations Ask clients to post an online review about their great experience Build and refine the agency’s standard operating procedures (SOPs) to optimize workflows and make the process straightforward for future employees Meet with prospective clients (virtually) to learn about their requirements and convince them to choose Azuro Digital if we’re a good fit for their project. Our owner will lead the sales process, but you will sometimes be asked to provide assistance Provide a portfolio of previous web design work, with an emphasis on quality over quantity. Even if you’ve only built 1 website in the past, you might still be a great fit for this position. The platform on which you built your previous websites doesn’t matter (we just need to know that you’re a good designer). Your portfolio can be delivered in any format (active website URLs, screenshots, design files, etc) and you can also include other types of designs in your portfolio (graphic design, logo design, etc) Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Motivated to take initiative, grow the company, and become a leader Experience with WordPress (especially the Elementor page builder) Experience with Webflow Experience with custom code Logo design experience Graphic design experience SEO experience As our first full-time hire, you will be treated more like a “partner” rather than an employee. You will have a significant impact on shaping the future trajectory of our company Opportunity to eventually take on a leadership role at the company (hiring, training, and managing future designers - in addition to working on the company’s largest and most exciting web design projects) Plenty of room for professional growth and salary increases Work from anywhere. The position is fully remote Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Are you going to submit your application on our website? Here is the link: https://azurodigital.com/job-application/ Yes 
ScrapedJobID108:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline JavaScript Async Calls Socket / Websockets Flexible schedule Profit sharing Work from home Monday to Friday React: 2 years (required) Next.JS: 1 year (preferred) Node.js: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID109:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID110:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Bondable Work under pressure Attention to detail Initiative Team player Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID111:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Java JavaScript HTML CSS C++ Computer Internet access Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Unix Database software Presentation software Communication software Website creation and management software Multimedia software C# .NET Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID112:
4+ years of core Java and Oracle SQL development experience. Experienced in, and well-suited to a waterfall development environment. Strong understanding of the software development lifecycle. A natural problem-solver; driven; quick to learn. Positive, collaborative and constructive; a true team player. 
ScrapedJobID113:

ScrapedJobID114:
Help transform workplace experiences. Through our Indoor Intelligence and mobile app solutions, we can help make workplaces safer and smarter as we return to work. Help people easily navigate complex indoor spaces. We provide developers with the tools to add geospatially accurate maps to mobile and web applications. Our CMS, SDKs and APIs enable users to build and manage scalable, map-enabled apps that create and bring indoor maps to apps to power multiple location-based use cases such as indoor navigation, asset tracking, proximity messaging, business intelligence and more. Create smart indoor spaces through location awareness. We provide industry-leading RTLS products that are used to provide accurate and actionable location data making indoor spaces more productive, cost-effective and safe. Manage cybersecurity. With precise indoor positioning and wide spectrum RF detection, we can detect devices, control applications in secured zones through integration with Mobile Device Management, and uphold best practices, security policies and compliance in government, pharmaceutical, and financial agencies managing a sensitive work environment. Optimize resources allocation. Through any number of our product features, we manage, prioritize, and control the way spaces are used and accessed. Whether it's staff allocation in retail space, managing temperature and electricity consumption in a workspace, we improve space utilization. Creating never-before-seen product features. You will develop product feature APIs for our multi-tenant SaaS environment, ensuring test and documentation coverage of your code. You will create stand-alone applications utilizing our APIs and demonstrating their capabilities. Enhancing product knowledge. You will increase your understanding of Inpixon products and continuously grow your knowledge as a subject matter expert in particular areas, i.e., importing and exporting map data to give jurisdiction on the IMDF front. Setting exceptional standards through collaboration. You will maintain integrity of the software by asking questions and making sure contributions to the API provide long term sustainability. No one likes breaking changes in releases! You will hold yourself accountable to the team for reliable quality code that will be accessed by applications and developers all over the world. The technical expertise. You have a Computer Science or Engineering degree, or you may have earned your hands-on skills in an alternate way. You have experience creating applications and features using modern frameworks such as Java Web Services and Node.JS. You have experience with REST APIs, OAuth, GIT, or comparable repository software An Agile team approach. You have exposure to the full development life cycle and an understanding of working within an Agile Scrum or Kanban framework. You are committed to your team, have amazing communication skills and the ability to prioritize. You believe in writing good, readable, maintainable, well commented, and long-lasting code. A desire to grow and learn. You are mathematically inclined and can think in 3D. You are creative and driven to expand your reach, quickly pick up new tools, and contribute to the product. You understand the expectations of next-generation app developers and you are always ready to brainstorm a solution that provides easy-to-use functionality for every kind of situation. 
ScrapedJobID115:
Implement new solutions for our Loyalty Program Partners through web development, configuration and customization of Points platforms and products Gather solution requirements by working directly with our Loyalty Program Partners & Internal Stakeholders Ensure the solutions we deploy are of the highest quality using appropriate QA methodologies and champion issue resolution Update your progress with your team & stakeholders 2+ Years’ experience in a development role Working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (e.g. XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Software development experience is considered an asset Experience in a managed solution or SaaS environment 
ScrapedJobID116:
Production of clean, structured, documented, efficient, error-free, and concise code. Responsible for the full understanding of task requests and providing the best solutions based on both client and company needs, as well as overall development goals. Effectively communicate and prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, and develop the best possible solutions within the budget and timeline constraints provided. Participate in peer code review and provide constructive feedback and support to peer developers. Responsible for seeking feedback from subject matter experts during planning, development, and code review, including peer developers and development directors. Responsible for using and understanding modern development tools including, but not limited to: PhpStorm, git, Gitlab CI, Sass, NodeJS, npm, Yarn, Gulp, etc. Accurately track time spent on tasks through the use of detailed time log descriptions. Communicate risks, issues, or potential problems and escalate to the appropriate stakeholder, regardless of the size or scope of the issue at hand. A College diploma, University degree, or relevant job-related experience. We welcome highly experienced, self-taught, and self-motivated learners who express a strong passion for web development Working knowledge of Javascript, HTML, and CSS as well as understanding how to use Front-end build tools, such as yarn, sass, gulp, etc. Ability to use Bootstrap and/or Foundation, as well as LESS and/or Sass Experience with LAMP and LNMP Development Stack (Linux(Ubuntu), Apache/Nginx, MySQL, PHP) Experience with Git Source Control and best practices Experience with PHP 5/7, OOP, MVC, XML/XSLT, REST Object-oriented JavaScript Experience (Ajax, jQuery, NodeJS, JSON etc.) Experience with MySQL databases, data modeling/design technique and database tuning Knowledge of any additional languages, such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby, etc. 
ScrapedJobID117:
or equivalent experience Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code HTML CSS Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail MS Windows Internet Image editing software HTML editing software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID118:
Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID119:
or equivalent experience Computer hardware or software retailer/wholesaler Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications PHP MySQL Java SQL Python React Native React.js Git Internet access Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Attention to detail MAC JavaOS API Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID120:
Help desk Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Sound discrimination Sitting Tight deadlines JavaOS Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID121:
Help desk Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Sound discrimination Sitting Tight deadlines JavaOS Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID122:
A defined benefit pension plan Maternity and parental leave top-up benefits which includes adoptive parents Comprehensive Health Plan Life and Disability insurance Flexible work arrangements Collegial and professional work culture Career growth and development opportunities across multiple business areas We provide on-the-job training to support your success in the role. 5700 Yonge Street, Toronto 49 Place d'Armes, Kingston Provide analysis, system testing and technical support in the development and implementation of new and revised business information systems. Participate in the system testing and validation of proposed solutions by thoroughly testing complex computer programs, participating in prototyping sessions with groups of end users to demonstrate segments of the system, documenting any concerns expressed and making necessary program changes as directed. Perform assigned system testing tasks including functional testing, acceptance testing, regression testing, volume testing, performance testing, post implementation validation and/or user acceptance testing tasks including re-testing any modifications which arise as a result of this testing; ensuring integrity of project documentation by resolving all relevant modifications resulting from testing and implementation. Create complete test documentation including detailed test plans, test strategies and test suites; develop and enhance automated test scripts through the use of industry standard tools (i.e. Rationale Suite) and maintain comprehensive materials to support audit. Knowledge of various industry standard testing methods, techniques and tools at various levels of testing such as integration, system, UAT, and others to: conduct system testing by executing online and batch test scripts, and manual online and batch jobs develop assigned portions of testing documentation including detailed test cases, automated test scripts, and comprehensive audit materials identify and debug problems encountered with software usage Knowledge of a variety of industry standard programming languages and development techniques for all phases of the Systems Development Life Cycle in mainframe and n-tier/internet technologies (e.g. HTML, .NET, JAVA platform, Web Services, JavaScript, UI frameworks – vuejs / reactjs / angularjs, Cognos, Informatica, WebSphere, DataPower, WebFOCUS, Remedy, COBOL, JCL, and others) to perform assigned system testing tasks for moderately complex business applications. Knowledge of various industry standard relational database management systems databases such as DB2/IMS/Oracle and query tools such as SQL, ISPF Utilities to examine test databases to ensure that the integrity of the production databases will be maintained after implementation of a new or modified application Knowledge of industry standard systems development life cycles methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, and Iterative techniques Knowledge of a variety of industry standard systems analysis methods and techniques in order to: establish business, information, and system testing needs review client business and information requirements and design and develop test scenarios which satisfy these requirements analyze and create test data to support the system testing strategy written and oral skills to convey, fully grasp and explain detailed information which may involve specialized information technology terminology; and to follow, present and discuss logically developed, complex arguments, ideas or issues interpersonal skills to provide clarification and explanation to deal with problems or complaints and to assist with others' understanding of computer hardware and software analytical skills to determine the nature of issues or problems, including researching relevant materials and comparing and verifying information the ability to respond to the issues or problems by evaluating and comparing a number of existing alternatives and selecting the appropriate action the ability to work effectively in a team environment, sharing information and communicating with co-workers, management and clients 1 Permanent, 49 Place D'Armes, Kingston, East Region or 5700 Yonge St, Toronto, Toronto Region T-HL-173156/21
The information that you provide for the purpose of this competition and the results from this competition may be used to fill other positions. These positions may be of various tenures, including short-term assignments. Your information and the results from this competition will be retained for the purpose of filling vacancies in accordance with the applicable collective agreement or policy provisions.
Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID123:
31% women, 57% BIPOC, 14% LGBTQIA+ 49% of our people were born in countries other than where our offices are located. Our team members collectively speak 19 different languages. 59% of our people speak more than one language In the past year Architech has increased the number of women in our technology function by 200%. We strive to do even better as our multi-year strategic plan unfolds. We analyzed salaries by gender of persons in the same role and are delighted to report a 0% gender pay gap in our delivery and technology roles! Build scalable, reliable, resilient, secure systems that are built open source with cloud first architecture. Implement responsible web and/or mobile design principles using the latest technologies. Work in an Agile team with Designers and Product Owners to continuously iterate and build feedback into the solution. Be part of the team that architects and delivers the nuances within our overall technical strategy. Commit to our ever-evolving CI/CD chain and working templates. Work with technologies such as AWS and our partner technologies within projects including Azure. Approach new projects with the client needs and users in mind. Be open to learn and absorb the rapid changes in the engineering industry. 5+ years of professional full stack web development experience. Strong hands-on experience with React.js and Node.js/Express.js is a must have. Experience working with Redux, Typescript, JavaScript and CSS. Solid understanding of CSS and CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Foundation and Sass. Strong knowledge of development tools and programming languages, and preferably have experience working with cloud technologies. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. Be passionate about providing inclusive and accessible experiences to our partners, including seeing products and features through the lens of Accessibility first and championing this vision across our teams. Be willing to work with many teams, trying new methods and helping others learn new way. Post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related program. Knowledge of technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, Ansible, Jenkins, Sonarqube, Linux, Azure and AWS services. Understanding of object-oriented design principles and RESTful APIs such as, Java. Experience with AWS and good understanding of DevOps. Knowledge and experience with CI/CD using Jenkins or Circle CI or Travis. 
ScrapedJobID124:
Develop and maintain web applications using modern technologies like HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, MySQL Use issue and project tracking tools like Atlassian Jira Use Github to submit changes to our repositories Help with the creation of automated functional tests Provide client support when necessary Strong interest to learn more about technology Willingness to learn multiple new technologies quickly Friendly attitude A client service attitude Self-motivated Able to work without constant supervision Self-identifies as belonging to an under-represented group: Indigenous Black and people of colour 2SLGBTQQIA+ Neuro-diverse Persons living with a visible or invisible disability Women Youth from care Non-binary Other Must be eligible to work in B.C. Has completed training or education, whether at a post-secondary institute or through other recognized pathways: Must have completed the training program on or after December 1, 2019 Can be a student, including co-op students and international students If a student, is enrolled at an accredited post-secondary institution in B.C. or has completed a recognized training program that the employer feels has prepared them for effective employment. Access to professional online training courses to learn HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, Github Dedicated time to take the training courses One-on-one sessions with experienced professionals You can work from home. We do not have an office to work from. The work hours are flexible. You will need a reliable high-speed internet connection. You will need a reliable laptop or desktop with a webcam and microphone. $ 20 per hour / 35 h per week 6 days of paid vacation/sick time Monthly allowance of $ 50 to cover costs for internet, electricity, computer, etc. 
ScrapedJobID125:
Provide AEM functionality and technology expertise to support design and implementation of the AEM platform and ongoing enhancements and integrations; Design and build efficient content models, security models, workflows and templates; Design and development of new components, templates and web pages; Employ strong coding standards for efficiency, readability, and reuse At least 1 year working with Java/J2EE; Understanding of CMS and CQ 5.x/AEM 6.x.; Understanding of JCR, Sling, and OSGi; Experience in creating custom components and bundles; Front-end skills: CSS, JavaScript, HTML. Challenging short- and long-term projects with the customers, vendors, and partners from EU and US; Local and distributed project teams management of 10+ professionals; A real possibility to gain knowledge and grow in project delivery management; Competitive compensation depending on skills and experience; Flexible working hours; Remote work opportunity (by approval); Social benefits (see details below). Office located in the city center; Modern ergonomic furniture; Yoga classes in the office; English classes onsite; Seasonal vaccination; 5 additional paid days a year in case of illness without a sick leave; Individual approach and personal development program; Reimbursement for professional literature; Compensation for sports; Compensation of external training and certification; Corporate events and trips; Tasty & Fruits Days - pleasant surprises from the Company. 
ScrapedJobID126:
Android Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JQuery Angular.js Criminal record check Willing to travel Willing to travel regularly Travel expenses paid by employer Public transportation is available Attention to detail Willing to relocate Spreadsheet Database software File management software Project management software Software development MS Office Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID127:
Experience and comfortable with Angular is a must. Comfortable with coaching and mentorship of peers is required You will build and maintain reliable software that delivers on Quorum’s promises of speed, accuracy, and customer-centered design You will make design choices that empower our customers and that support our mission and brand You will interact with members of the Product Management team and the Product Development team to make sure that the voices of our customers are heard and that our products work as expected When bugs appear, you will help address them in a timely manner and put steps in place to prevent them in the future You will actively mentor and coaching other members of the development team when it comes to visual design, software architecture, and testing You will take responsibility for developing projects of increasing complexity You are persistent in the face of challenges and seek to actively eliminate roadblocks for yourself and others You have a strong visual design background and you care deeply about how users perceive the look and feel of the applications you build You have a knack for breaking down problems and you reason about systems from first principles You are a clear thinker and are able to effectively articulate your ideas to others through your speech and writing You are able to clearly articulate trade-offs when making decisions or judgment calls You have played a substantial role in the creation of at least one production-scale front-end application that was built on top of Angular 2+ and NgRx, or a similar stack (React + Redux, Elm, etc.) You are able to apply your knowledge of visual design principles by writing clean, maintainable CSS and HTML You write automated tests to validate your assumptions, and to ensure the integrity of your code over time You use Figma, Sketch, or other prototyping tools to create clickable mockups of designs at varying degrees of fidelity You act to instill good habits in your colleagues, and you lead by example A history of open-source contributions, or side projects Demonstrated knowledge of mobile application development A university degree in computer science or a diploma in computer technology from a recognized post-secondary institution Past experience in sales, especially within the vehicle sales industry A criminal background check is required Gain an understanding of the systems involved in vehicle sales transactions Meet other members of the product development and product management organizations, and start building relationships across the company Pair-program with your new colleagues on the development team Engage your colleagues in regular code reviews and coaching sessions Learn to give and receive constructive feedback on design ideas and code Build and ship a feature to hundreds of dealerships, including their staff and customers Casual dress Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID128:
Assist in managing the timeline of multiple projects with specific milestones along the way. Communicate with team leads and other project stakeholders to ensure quality and timelines are maintained. Communicating with HR and executives if staffing levels are not adequate or new skills are required for future milestones. Assist in planning future sprints and project planning for ongoing projects, including timelines, quality and cost. Communicating with team leads from each department and ensuring they understand the vision and direction that we are moving forward with. Code reviews, architecture reviews and suggestions, and mentorship of new developers. BSc or Masters in Computer Science, Software Engineering or any related fields. Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining React.js. Preferably previous roles as a React developer (minimum 1 year) Solid understanding of HTML5, CSS3, Git, ES6, JSX, Hooks and react.js framework Solid understanding of REST principles and exposure to backend APIs Company events Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? React: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID129:
Experience in Python and Javascript programming Development of back-end, microservice infrastructure in Python Application and front-end development in React.js Mobile App development with React Native an asset Knowledge and experience developing microservices Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies, specifically Google Cloud Platform Knowledge and experience developing containerised applications with Docker Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID130:
Have passion and experience for building responsive, elegant and engaging experiences with future friendly web technologies. Work closely with designers to take wireframes from conception to implementation and design and improve user interfaces Work with the IBM Design System to implement UIs Work in JavaScript, Node.js or frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular Are skilled in UI Development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JSON and API usage Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Design Thinking Methodology Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology You’ll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. At the nexus of engineering and design, you will be instrumental in bringing industry-defining software products, cloud services and web applications to users around the world. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: HTML, CSS, UI Development, JavaScript, Node.js React, Vue, Angular Familiarity with one or more automation testing framework Must be eligible to work 16 months starting in May Knowledge of Backbone.js, Angular.js, React, Ember.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, and JQuery Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID131:
Work with business units to understand requirements for software development and delivery. Learn and help evolve ARI’s technical standards, bringing fresh perspective and ideas from the academic world into the commercial space. Perform coding build and maintain software Investigates, analyzes and documents reported defects. Creates, documents, and implements test plans and harnesses to ensure high quality work product. Performs related duties as assigned. Provides reasonable and fair estimates for assigned tasks and work efforts. Keeps current with software development trends, make suggestions and take action on IT-related best practices, processes and systems. Must be enrolled in an accredited college or university pursuing a degree in a computer, systems programming or engineering field. Proficiency in programming languages like C#, C++, Java, Swift, Python, JavaScript and others. 
ScrapedJobID132:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID133:
You will become a master in research related programming & web-based development Manage data collection, integrate inputs from various back-end services, and use database technologies to optimize throughput Data mine complex online retailers using a variety of methodologies Contribute to researching and implementing cost-effective, scalable IT infrastructure as the firm expands Opportunity to build fully fledged web-based applications and gain experience in full-stack development One-on-one mentorship and ability to own projects and collaborate with talented people Opportunity for rapid promotion as we build our team (our firm grows at 27% per year) A great work environment in our new open-concept office An undergraduate degree in any field Collaborative communication skills (written and oral) - Ability to convert and explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience Development from specifications - Ability to find requirements and break them down into actionable execution plans for the team and proactively identify problems Experience in any programming language, including, but not limited to: Python, Java, JavaScript, R (Experience with Python is preferred, but not required) Experience with web technologies and an understanding of HTML5, CSS, JS Passion in doing excellent work, willingness to learn, and strong sense of curiosity Competitive salary (with bonuses), health, dental & vision benefits, share options at the management level As soon as possible Monday December 6, 2021 at 11:59PM Apply with a PDF copy of your resume and undergraduate transcript. Please name all files ((application name)) - ((document)) for example John Doe - Transcript.pdf. Your resume should highlight your education, your overall GPA, academic scholarships/awards, analytical experience (labeled as Analytical Experience), and other experience (labeled as Other Experience). We define analytical experience in its broadest sense (working in a medical lab doing tests, software programming, robotic design, engineering projects, financial modeling, etc.). No Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID134:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID135:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID136:

ScrapedJobID137:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID138:
This job posting is for Spring 2022 (May-August) Software Developer Co-Ops ONLY, for all other campus inquiries please send your information to campusrecruitment@vidyard.com. This role will be remote. Co-Ops/Interns must reside and work from Canada for the duration of their term. Ruby on Rails, Node.js or other MVC web frameworks JavaScript, Vue.js, React, jQuery HTML, CSS MySQL or other relational databases Git & Github Redis or other NoSQL databases Automated testing with RSpec or similar Interacting with and building web APIs/services Amazon EC2 and Heroku PHP, Python or other scripting languages would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID139:
1+ years of hands-on experience in building enterprise-scale applications using Python. If you don't have 1 year of experience but feel you have the skills below & are a fast learner, apply! Proficient in python with a focus on extracting information from HTML and other sources such as PDF – Selenium | Beautiful Soup | OCR (e.g., Textract, PDFMiner) Proficient with RDBMS and writing SQL queries – MySQL | PostgreSQL |SQLAlchemy Excellent written and oral communication skills Experience in cloud deployment – AWS (e.g., EC2, RDS, S3) | Google Cloud | Azure Understanding of popular API and web frameworks – Flask | FastAPI Understanding of industry-standard best practices such as design patterns, coding standards, testing, etc. Stock options 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID140:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Windsor, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID141:
Remote friendly – work from anywhere you feel inspired Hours of training paid for via an online training platform (Udemy) Team social events The opportunity to be part of a growing company that rethinks and revolutionizes digital marketing, and to make a difference! Analyze and understand clients' business needs, and act as strategic advisory services to them. Define the information structure and architecture of our client's websites and online stores, taking into account technical requirements Develop websites and online stores from mockups Integrate landing pages Modification of existing websites (website restructuring, integration or modification of content, integration of forms, banners, and pop-ups, etc.) Perform website migration if necessary Update our clients' websites Create and configure customer accounts, as well as automation on our CRM platform Integrate newsletters, banners, or pop-ups on our CRM platform Manage web hosting, SSL certificates, and DNS servers for our clients The personality! We are looking for someone creative, autonomous, collaborative, proactive, curious, with a strong ability to work effectively on several projects, and with a great interest in new technologies! 3 to 5 years of experience in web integration and development, ideally in an agency Excellent knowledge of HTML/CSS Excellent knowledge of WordPress, WooCommerce, and Shopify Good knowledge of new technologies and best practices in user experience Knowledge of WordPress ACF Pro and CPT UI plugins Knowledge of Javascript / PHP, WHM, and cPanel, and integration into CRM tools, an asset Ideally, bilingual English/French 
ScrapedJobID142:
Work with a front-end js framework (Vue) Work with a state management library (Vuex) Work with JavaScript (and ideally Typescript) Experience making requests/working with HTTP APIs (Apollo/GraphQL) Implement user interface and interactions using CSS and JavaScript that match the designer direction Develop front-end automated tests (both unit and end to end) and have worked with front end testing frameworks similar to jest and/or cypress Implement and consume various third-party SDKs Participate in code reviews Enjoy working alongside a designer to implement a compelling UX. A good sense of how to structure code with long term maintainability in mind A collaborative team member who contributes to and listens to others and believes in choosing ideas that are appropriate for the customer/product priority Experience working from provided wireframes and/or mockups of different levels of fidelity. Experience and passion for Javascript and JS based UI frameworks (Vue preferred, React or Angular) Proficient using JSX/ES6/HTML/CSS Ability to debug a codebase in a self-sufficient manner Excellent written and verbal communication Experience with Docker, Nginx and Azure Functions is a nice to have Any experience with video and digital image technology is a plus. 5+ years experience as a software developer working on large or fast scaling products Vue.js and Vuex GraphQL and Apollo Javascript/Typescript Azure Cloud Services Bootstrap and BootstrapVue 
ScrapedJobID143:
5+ years of experience working with commercial software Experience in developing software using C/C++, and Python is highly preferred Experience working with commercial Linux-based products Developed software using network sockets Working knowledge of different networking protocols (e.g. HTTP/HTTPS, FTP, TCP/IP) Excellent software design, coding, and troubleshooting skills Experience in the development of networking or security products Development experience with Perl Development experience with Python Experience in Linux kernel development Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development environment Monday to Friday No weekends Do you have experience working with different networking/security protocols? C++: 3 years (preferred) Linux: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID144:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications JavaScript Software development Salesforce Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID145:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML C++ Basic Work under pressure Attention to detail Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID146:
You are a rockstar designer that has made a slight or heavy shift over to coding. You live for making AMAZING experiences that look equally good on web and mobile. You'll love working with other world-class designers to make your joint vision a living, breathing reality. You love the nimbleness of the startup environment and are capable of dealing with the pace and change that comes with it. You have an eye for quality and detail (e.g. you spotted the typos in this JD, which initially annoyed you, but now know were just part of the test). A background or qualification in digital design with a portfolio of dazzling creative output. 1+ yrs experience in ReactJs would be a huge advantage, Otherwise, 1.5+ yrs experience in vue.js or Angular is required. 5+ years combined design and coding experience. 2+ years of coding experience is a big plus. Organized, able to be self-managed, and able to collaborate across teams spread over multiple time zones. You have exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to take design and wireframes provided by the design team and author professional and maintainable CSS, HTML, and JavaScript to bring it to life. Build pixel-perfect, fluid, and delightful UIs across the web and mobile interfaces. You take the designs to the next level, adding value during the implementation. Work with a front-end engineer to build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use. Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code. 100% Remote Highly competitive compensation package Comprehensive benefits, including up to 100% paid medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage for you & your loved one. 401k program An Oculus Quest 2 - Our All Hands meetings and Engagement events are done in VR Flexible work schedule and paid time to create your own work/life harmony An international team of highly talented and engaged people from different cultural backgrounds and locations. The latest technology and equipment to do your best work from your home office Be an OG in a young project that is already making 
ScrapedJobID147:
Computer Programming, Other Computer Science Engineering, Other IBM Certification Eclipse Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Java React Native React.js Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Database software Presentation software Programming software Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID148:
Work with the development team on our suite of web applications Design, development, configuration and deployment of software within ConnectionPoint’s infrastructure Work within the ConnectionPoint tech stack based on J2EE, Seam, NodeJS, frontend Javascript (jQuery, VueJS) Collaborate with team members to gather requirements Turn designs into system specifications to be used for development Execute on development initiatives Develop and maintain documentation for all applications and solutions 3-5 years of experience in a Full Stack or similar development role Experience optimizing and scaling up the backend of web applications Ability to write clean, maintainable, and efficient code Bachelor's or Masters in Engineering, Computer Science, or a relevant field Proficiency with J2EE or Spring Proficiency with SQL Experience with building REST APIs Reactive front-end development experience an asset Applied knowledge of web application security is beneficial Experience with Docker and AWS services an asset Desire for learning and personal growth Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID149:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required MySQL Java SQL React.js Git 
ScrapedJobID150:
Work closely with the Data Engineering team to develop data pipelines Collaborate with Data Engineering/Science team to help build libraries for data visualization Interact with Geotab's Big Data environment which includes working with resources within Google Cloud Platform (GCP) such as: Google BigQuery, Google Cloud Storage, Google Compute Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine, and many more Assist in building a suite of tools and libraries for Geotabbers to use, that allow for easier leverage of our Big Data environment Script CI/CD workflow Assist in maintaining and documenting best practices for Python development Within final two years of a degree or diploma in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or another relevant discipline Experience with Python development preferred Working knowledge of SQL preferred Experience with GIT preferred Experience using Python, Docker, Bash, Typescript, React, CSS or Java Java & C# knowledge preferred Passion for innovation and technology Previous industry work experience preferred Ping Pong and Foosball skills always a plus 
ScrapedJobID151:
You will become a master in research related programming & web-based development Manage data collection, integrate inputs from various back-end services, and use database technologies to optimize throughput Data mine complex online retailers using a variety of methodologies Contribute to researching and implementing cost-effective, scalable IT infrastructure as the firm expands Opportunity to build fully fledged web-based applications and gain experience in full-stack development One-on-one mentorship and ability to own projects and collaborate with talented people Opportunity for rapid promotion as we build our team (our firm grows at 27% per year) A great work environment in our new open-concept office An undergraduate degree in any field Collaborative communication skills (written and oral) - Ability to convert and explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience Development from specifications - Ability to find requirements and break them down into actionable execution plans for the team and proactively identify problems Experience in any programming language, including, but not limited to: Python, Java, JavaScript, R (Experience with Python is preferred, but not required) Experience with web technologies and an understanding of HTML5, CSS, JS Passion in doing excellent work, willingness to learn, and strong sense of curiosity Competitive salary (with bonuses), health, dental & vision benefits, share options at the management level As soon as possible Monday December 6, 2021 at 11:59PM Apply with a PDF copy of your resume and undergraduate transcript. Please name all files ((application name)) - ((document)) for example John Doe - Transcript.pdf. Your resume should highlight your education, your overall GPA, academic scholarships/awards, analytical experience (labeled as Analytical Experience), and other experience (labeled as Other Experience). We define analytical experience in its broadest sense (working in a medical lab doing tests, software programming, robotic design, engineering projects, financial modeling, etc.). No Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID152:

ScrapedJobID153:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID154:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. Experience in Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Experience in web/mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, or systems/security software development. Master's degree, PhD degree, further education or experience in Computer Science or a related technical field. Experience with cloud development (AWS, Azure, Watson, etc.). Experience with kubernetes. Ability to write in English fluently. Ability to learn other coding languages as needed. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. 
ScrapedJobID155:
Temporarily due to COVID-19 Commission pay Profit sharing Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID156:
Playing a key role in designing, developing and maintaining our web based projects Designing Web front ends which are robust, scalable and performant. Working closely with Risk management for requirements gathering and translating those to technical tasks Being responsible for the look and feel of a wide range of internal systems and tools Driving creativity and pushing new ideas to improve overall user experience Learning about and keeping up with the latest frontend technologies Shaping the future of the Core Engineering team through regular interviewing, and occasional campus recruiting trips At least 5 years of experience with frontend technologies, preferably ReactJS, client side Javascript and HTML based UI development. Bonus points if you've worked on data-heavy web applications, especially those dealing with streaming data over WebSockets. Strong knowledge of CSS and experience building responsive web designs. Knowledge of Semantic UI is a plus. Meticulous attention to detail A passion for HCI (Human Computer Interaction) principles and UI/UX design Experience with building and/or interfacing with web services, especially for facilitating interaction among multiple systems. Knowledge of standard software development practices like Version Control, Code Reviews, Automated Testing and Deployment, etc. Self-starting and can work autonomously in a larger team Committed to following best practices Keenly interested in developing technologies Enthusiastic about testing Able to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities as priorities change Organized and detail-oriented Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 5 weeks of paid vacation per year Lunch and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free events and workshops 
ScrapedJobID157:
Provides Development Engineering support for an assigned set of applications or system elements. Develops solutions for technology processes and practices for build and release management, application lifecycle changes, operation service delivery and support. Assists with project definition, scoping resource planning, execution, risk assessment, change control and monitoring. Performs infrastructure installation, setup, administration and automated deployments. Deploys, maintains and scales web applications. Troubleshoots and debugs servers / processes for system and application issues after deployment. Collaborates with other engineers and cross-functional technical team members to resolve platform issues. Assists with architecting and implementing / monitoring infrastructure. 
ScrapedJobID158:
or equivalent experience Search Engine Optimization (SEO) WordPress PHP JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Python Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) PowerBuilder Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID159:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Bondable Work under pressure Attention to detail Initiative Team player Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID160:
On-site parking 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID161:
Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into his or her work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve his or her technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Pursuing or have recently completed a bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, computer science or related field. One year of programming experience in an object-oriented language. Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms. 
ScrapedJobID162:
Willing to learn new technologies, soft skills, and hard skills. .NET, C#, MVC, Sitecore, Sitecore Commerce, uCommerce, Coveo, and any other platform and technology that the Company work with. Web Development Learn Sitecore as a platform and understand how it works as a system Handle Level 1 and 2 support and be on call for support customers Study science graduate Be curious and love learning new things Be passionate about building things and finding solutions basic knowledge of C#, ASP.NET Knowledge of HTML, Javascript, CSS 
ScrapedJobID163:
Help desk Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Sound discrimination Sitting Tight deadlines JavaOS Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID164:
An Awesome & Supportive environment Work/Life balance Competitive Salary 4 Weeks of paid vacation Excellent health and dental benefits Work from Home Work with team in providing application design and architecture Deliver quality-focused, predictable, and effective software development processes Analyze and prepare recommendations to address existing and potential enhancements areas in system design Work with development and project team members in technology discussions, decisions, and implementation Design, create, and support architectures that require little change over extended periods of time Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development Execute and provide feedback regarding architectural and design standards Work with others to ensure ongoing research and prototyping of key technologies Comprehend, analyze, and solve highly complex technical problems involving system functionality, architecture, relational databases and systems integration Plan and implement system changes effectively to effectively build and foster collaborative relationships with people at all levels of the organization Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Ability to follow defined business policies, practices and controls to ensure compliance to SOC2 principles. Stay current with and anticipate technology trends 2+ year of experience in Web Application Development. (JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AngularJS, NodeJS and NoSQL.) Working experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS is required. Working experience with AngualrJS, NodeJS Working experience of JavaScript testing framework Knowledge and understanding of NoSQL databases is an asset. Strong operating system knowledge (Windows and Linux) are required Knowledge of and experience with application security concepts an asset. Experience with Agile methodology an asset. Knowledge and Experience in Machine Learning an asset Experience working with Chrome Developer Tools, and have familiarity with Jenkins and Git Strong communication and customer interfacing skills with particular emphasis on understanding scope and requirements. 
ScrapedJobID165:
Contribute to the codebase using our programming languages such as JavaScript or Go Build new features in either Front-end (React) or Back-end (Node.js, Go, AWS, Postgres) Contribute to bug remediation and defect fixes Support Product and the team with prioritization Contribute to writing and maintaining database schema, queries and procedures Contribute in solutioning, Implementing and Maintaining Cloud Systems and Infrastructure 1-2+ years of experience with front end development (including ES2015/16 JavaScript, CSS, modern frameworks, etc.) 1-2+ years of experience with back-end development (including Node.js, Postgres, Redis, Go, etc.) Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary certification (College, Bootcamp) in computer science and/or engineering or equivalent experience A passion for solving hard problems and developing delivering extraordinary software to our customers Exceptional analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills Health and Wellness Benefits: 100% paid by us for health and dental from day one. And our vision care is every 12 months! We also offer a wellness/fitness reimbursement, that can go towards things like gym memberships, yoga classes, soccer membership fees or a bike. Professional development: we have an external learning budget to help you grow and develop. We host a learning workshop about every 6 weeks on topics like Time Management, Self-Awareness and Giving Feedback; we also have e-learning to meet the needs of our remote team. We offer a Career Development Program to help you identify and build your skillsets for internal growth opportunities and beyond. We also have a Coaching Program for all our managers. We know how important it is to have a good boss, so we invest in their development. Vacation: it's open, which means we don't worry about an accrual clock. On average, we see most folks enjoying between 3-4 weeks off a year. Parental leave: Best-in-class top-up for new parents - 100% for 15 weeks new parents and a bonus 5 weeks for birth mothers. Flexibility & trust – While we are remote for now, we enable our team to create a work environment that will set them up for success. We hire adults and we trust you to manage your outcomes. Day-to-day, everyone is given the option to decide whether they want to work remote or in-office depending on the needs of their role. Back in the Office – If you choose to come into the office once we’re back, you will have access to snacks and beverages and in-office games like Switch, chess and ping-pong. We will be offering up lots of opportunity for team socials too, including the folks who are remote! 
ScrapedJobID166:
Design and Development - Perform and coordinate complex application programming activities. Design the application's technical infrastructure using specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches. Participate in the design and development of cost-effective and innovative solutions. Strategic Planning - Develop multi-year technology roadmaps that align with the bank’s vision, strategy, and business objectives. Participate in multiple complex projects involving backend systems, new technology, and the enhancement of existing applications. Leadership Skills – Provide guidance to help the development team comply to industry’s standards and best practices. Support teammates by sharing knowledge, collaborating and problem solving. You can demonstrate experience in: .NET, C#, SQL Server, PowerShell, ASP.NET, RESTful API and Unit Testing. It’s an asset if: You have knowledge of Agile, Azure development, and Test Automation. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, SW Engineering or related programming degree/diploma You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID167:
Develop new features for the Web app Work closely with both development and product teams Review User Stories prior to development Participate in daily scrums, and weekly sprint meetings Provide bug fixes for existing features Peer review code from other members of the team Support the planning, feature estimation, and scoping of development work Collaborate with other team members to ensure timely delivery of new features 1+ years of demonstrated experience in Web app development (not just static web) Experience and fluency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, RESTful web services, and React JS (knowledge of VueJS and AngularJS is a plus) Experience using Git as a version control system Experience in responsive layout implementation Familiar with front-end debugging tools using Chrome dev tools or equivalent Experience working in an Agile Delivery model Experience with WebPack, NodeJS, Express, ES2016, Sass or Less Experience with automated testing React Web App using Redux Git using GitHub JIRA Company equity / stock option grants Comprehensive and flexible health benefits plan 3 weeks of paid vacation per year, increasing with seniority 1 week of paid personal leave per year Annual professional self-development stipend Casual dress code Flexible work schedule 
ScrapedJobID168:
Designing high fidelity wireframes and mock-ups based on creative briefs Take already-made designs from Adobe XD and transform them into working websites Revise web designs based on client and/or creative director feedback Implement best practices for web and UX: mobile responsive, images optimized, naming assets for SEO, etc. Maintain organized files and links to allow collaboration with other teammates Trouble-shoot sections of current client websites as requested Provide recommendations based on website best practices Perform website maintenance and assist in providing technical consultation and support to clients Transfer and connection of domains to client websites Participate in internal creative brief meetings Other related tasks as required Familiarity with Adobe XD (though, we could be persuaded to try Figma…) and the ability to create detailed wireframes HTML and CSS skills Familiarity with Squarespace and Shopify is a HUGE bonus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Organized, dependable and detail-oriented Ability to communicate via Slack and Notion Obsessively on-time and organized Collaborative Ability to work independently and complete assigned tasks within identified timeframes Knowledge of web design best practices Strong knowledge of search engine optimization Experience with cross-browser compatibility, mobile optimization, website speed/performance testing, and optimization You aren’t afraid to ask for help when you’re stuck You thrive with hard deadlines and get a thrill out of crossing tasks off your to-do list You have a strong work ethic. You might even call yourself a self-starter or proactive. AKA We can count on you to get sh!t done! Access to reliable Internet (for when you work remotely) Must be eligible to work in BC Have completed training in this field or are you currently a student enrolled in a related program Portfolio with samples of recent work that compliments our style JavaScript, jQuery, or Liquid knowledge You are located within the Comox Valley Adobe XD / Adobe Creative Cloud Google Suite Shopify (can be taught) Squarespace (can be taught) Slack Notion (can be taught) Dropbox You have zero web design experience Are not located within British Columbia Are not comfortable working remotely You’re part of an agency or an agency owner $18-$28 an hour, commensurate with experience A flexible work schedule, including work from home and flex hours Part of a kick-butt team of creatives and strategists Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday No weekends Do you have experience with designing and developing websites? English (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID169:
currently an undergrad in Computer Science demonstrate ability working with REST APIs and JSON comfortable with a HTML/CSS/JavaScript/node.js stack ability to code with React.js, Bootstrap tables, and HighCharts able to use a MySQL database location: WeWork @ 1 University Ave, Toronto must be interested in finance/blockchains/trading-bots gain valuable experience in the fintech sector jumpstart your career while completing your degree gain access to our extensive professional network 
ScrapedJobID170:
Participate in code reviews. Implement security and data protection practices. Write code based on design specifications and tickets. Mentor junior developers. Build reusable code and libraries for future use. Implement TCP/IP and UDP Gateways. Implement RESTful servers in .NET Core. Collaborate with teams across the organization to help perform and validate root cause analysis of failures, and understand different technology stacks in use. Discover and prevent cross-tenant and privacy failures prior to customer impact. Identify privacy-brittle patterns across codebases and services. 7+ years of .NET/C# experience. Strong knowledge of:
C# (.net & .net Core)
SQL Server.
HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
GIT, JIRA, Agile practices. C# (.net & .net Core) SQL Server. HTML, CSS, JavaScript. GIT, JIRA, Agile practices. Experience with Test Driven Development, DI/ IOC. Microservices experience. Experience with Sensitive data. Angular Experience. Vue.JS experience. Web Sockets. TCP/IP experience. FinTech Experience. Startup Experience. Experience in AWS Services (Lambdas, Queues, etc.). 
ScrapedJobID171:
Maintain and manage existing page templates, modules, and contents on the Canadian marketing site. Build cross-browser responsive web pages. Translate our designers’ work into well-nested HTML and CSS. Create reusable modules with ACF for WordPress. Create customized WordPress themes from scratch. Create page templates for both English and French using the WPML plugin. Work with custom post types, plugins, categories, tags, queries, and other features in WordPress. Manage Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager. Work closely with project managers and the marketing team daily. 2+ years of experience in WordPress web development. Strong JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, and MySQL skills with a good sense of UI/UX. Writing, testing, and debugging codes that works across multiple browsers and platforms. Hands-on experience with jQuery, SASS/SCSS, and Bootstrap 4 & 5. Knowledge in the Sage starter theme and Laravel’s blade template. Experience in using RESTful APIs, JSON, and web development frameworks. Experience in working with CD/CI, Git, Gulp, Yarn, Npm, and Composer. Knowledge of SEO. Knows the French language. 
ScrapedJobID172:
Work with senior level programming team on various tasks. Maintain and update existing websites in a timely manner. Take existing sites and populate content and photographs. Build small scale WordPress or HTML sites. Basic understanding of Web development stacks: HTML, CSS, JS, React (or React Native), flux / redux, REST API, Heroku, Git, OAuth. Basic knowledge of Android Natives: Java, Kotlin. Good to have: Google Cloud Platform. Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering. Excellent written and oral communications skills is required. Ability to work effectively with customers and co-workers. 
ScrapedJobID173:
Be a part of a team of developers to design and program high-performance, scalable multi-tiered applications and database solutions Recommend and implement system designs based on long-term IT organization strategy Work closely with business and systems analysts, and QA to develop alternative solutions to meet business needs Analyze production system problems and recommend solutions Investigate and solve production problems with minimal guidance Research and recommend technologies to the team and management to help keep our tech stack up to date Mentor junior team members in good coding practices and new technologies At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework / .NET CORE At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Transact SQL Experience creating backend .Net web services (RESTful APIs) development using C# Understanding of functional and object-oriented programming concepts A mentality of striving to achieve releases early and adding additional functionality to the releases or pushing code early. Highly motivated team player as well as a strong individual contributor Effective verbal and written communications, with an ability to effectively convey information, concepts, and ideas to others Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID174:
Develop testable, readable, and effective production quality code Build and maintain new features on our Optimization/AI platform – both backend and frontend Implement backend containerized microservices on AWS (Amazon Web Services), using AWS API Gateway, Lambdas, ECS Integrate with high scale data solutions such as AWS IoT (internet of things), Kinesis, and Snowflake to create comprehensive and scalable solutions Architect and implement complex, high volume/ high frequency data loading and transformation processes leveraging state of the art ETL methods and tools Provide technical guidance and support to colleagues in the design and implementation of solutions Bachelor's Degree (Or pursuing one) in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience. Previous intern/FTE experience, building e2e applications Previous Experience in Python and JavaScript/Typescript Knowledge of AWS services Previous experience with React/Redux Previous experience with writing applications in Java Understanding DevOps fundamentals Understanding of machine learning concepts 
ScrapedJobID175:
Apply directly for this position at https://www.fusionanalytics.com/apply/developer-python-scraping.html if you are on a 3rd party website
About Fusion Analytics
We believe in a future where analytics & programming takes the lead role in steering organizations, and that Fusion is positioned as the leading consulting firm for this transformation.
To make this happen we are looking for smart and talented people to join us. You will join a team of analytically minded people that work every day to solve exciting & challenging problems for our clients. Canadian Business magazine has ranked us as one of Canada’s fastest growing companies for four years in a row. Our current client list is a who’s who of amazing companies, including MEC, Sobeys, Staples, IKEA, Walmart and Canadian Tire. We absolutely love what we do and know that you will too.
What makes this role unique
You will become a master in creating and troubleshooting web scraping related programming & tools
Manage data collection, integrate inputs from various back-end services, and use database technologies to optimize throughput
Analyzing target websites including reverse engineering, discovering protections and utilizing best approaches for extracting data;
Data mine complex online retailers using a variety of methodologies
Analyzing the data you obtain, extracting named entities, perform classifications, comparison analyzing etc.
Contribute to researching and implementing cost-effective, scalable IT infrastructure as the firm expands
Opportunity to mentor your own team
One-on-one mentorship and ability to own projects and collaborate with talented people
Opportunity for rapid promotion as we build our team (our firm grows at 27% per year)
A great work environment in our new open-concept office
Requirements
An undergraduate degree in any field
2-3 years of Python Experience
Experience with web technologies and an understanding of HTML5, CSS, JS
Profound experience in Selenium webdriver, HTTP requests, BeautifulSoup, scrapy, IP proxies, server side bot checking mechanism
2-3 years of experience with SQL
Ability to work with Git flow.
Collaborative communication skills (written and oral) - Ability to convert and explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Development from specifications - Ability to find requirements and break them down into actionable execution plans for the team and proactively identify problems
Passion in doing excellent work, willingness to learn, and strong sense of curiosity
Nice to Have: Ability to come into the office once a week to mentor the internal team
Compensation
$90k - $110k a year based on experience
Health, dental & vision benefits, share options at the management level
Start Date
Immediate
Application Deadline
Sunday December 5th 2021 at Midnight
How to Apply
Apply with a PDF copy of your resume and undergraduate transcript.
Please name all files ((application name)) - ((document)) for example John Doe - Transcript.pdf.
Your resume should highlight your education, your overall GPA, academic scholarships/awards, analytical experience (labeled as Analytical Experience), and other experience (labeled as Other Experience).
We define analytical experience in its broadest sense (working in a medical lab doing tests, software programming, robotic design, engineering projects, financial modeling, etc.)
Fusion Analytics believes that unchecked biases disproportionately impact the most marginalized people in society—including but not limited to BIPOC, LGBTQ2S+ people, immigrants, and people with disabilities. Fusion Analytics is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. Accommodations in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act are available upon request at all stages of the employment process. You will become a master in creating and troubleshooting web scraping related programming & tools Manage data collection, integrate inputs from various back-end services, and use database technologies to optimize throughput Analyzing target websites including reverse engineering, discovering protections and utilizing best approaches for extracting data; Data mine complex online retailers using a variety of methodologies Analyzing the data you obtain, extracting named entities, perform classifications, comparison analyzing etc. Contribute to researching and implementing cost-effective, scalable IT infrastructure as the firm expands Opportunity to mentor your own team One-on-one mentorship and ability to own projects and collaborate with talented people Opportunity for rapid promotion as we build our team (our firm grows at 27% per year) A great work environment in our new open-concept office An undergraduate degree in any field 2-3 years of Python Experience Experience with web technologies and an understanding of HTML5, CSS, JS Profound experience in Selenium webdriver, HTTP requests, BeautifulSoup, scrapy, IP proxies, server side bot checking mechanism 2-3 years of experience with SQL Ability to work with Git flow. Collaborative communication skills (written and oral) - Ability to convert and explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience Development from specifications - Ability to find requirements and break them down into actionable execution plans for the team and proactively identify problems Passion in doing excellent work, willingness to learn, and strong sense of curiosity Nice to Have: Ability to come into the office once a week to mentor the internal team $90k - $110k a year based on experience Health, dental & vision benefits, share options at the management level Immediate Sunday December 5th 2021 at Midnight Apply with a PDF copy of your resume and undergraduate transcript. Please name all files ((application name)) - ((document)) for example John Doe - Transcript.pdf. Your resume should highlight your education, your overall GPA, academic scholarships/awards, analytical experience (labeled as Analytical Experience), and other experience (labeled as Other Experience). We define analytical experience in its broadest sense (working in a medical lab doing tests, software programming, robotic design, engineering projects, financial modeling, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID176:
Your First 30 Days…* Understand the company’s mission, vision, and overarching strategy Learn company-specific tools, processes, and procedures Have frequent 1:1s with the manager to set expectations and goals Map out your development journey with your Manager Meet key internal team members and stakeholders Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments Perform code review for other team members who work on the same product Apply principles and methodologies of scrum agile development practices Design and build advanced features from a set of requirements Document and test to ensure the quality of the completed work requirement Maintain regular communication with other team members and stakeholders to ensure the quality and timely product deliveries Collaborate with users and development teams to provide solutions in a timely manner Demonstrate new features and improvements in an engaging fashion University degree or college diploma in computer science, software engineering or related field Keen interest in DevOps/Site Reliability Proficiency in Java and a thorough understanding of unit testing is required Strong understanding of JavaScript, HTML, CSS Knowledge of Relational Database Knowledge of database query performance tuning is beneficial Knowledge of Spring and Hibernate frameworks is beneficial Understanding of Angular 6+ and Ruby is valuable Understanding testing and infrastructure automation would be an asset Great people. We pride ourselves on hiring smart, kind, and supportive teammates Growth and development. We equip our team members with all the tools they need to succeed Be the driver of your career development. At Indellient, you are in control of your career growth. With multiple lines of business, internal and external facing roles, and new opportunities, exploring your career path with us is highly encouraged. Flexibility. We offer flexible start and end times to accommodate our early risers and night owls and work-from-home arrangements Health and Wellness. We offer benefits from day 1, 2% RRSP Matching program, a $500 fitness reimbursement, and competitive PTO policy Monthly Socials. Even though we are currently working fully remotely, we have tons of team bonding opportunities through regular donut dates, social hours, trivia nights, and more fun events because our culture and values still remain at the core of everything we do! Big data and analytics Machine learning Cloud transformation Software and application development DevOps 
ScrapedJobID177:
Minimum 3 months of programming experience in C, C++, or Python. At least one course in digital logic 
ScrapedJobID178:
Design, develop, and lead features with high quality Rapidly ideate and prototype proof-of-concepts Assess new technologies, tools, and infrastructure to stay on the forefront of innovation Collaborate with teams both, locally and globally Embrace lean and agile software development principles Degree in Computer Science or related field 2-3 years of professional development experience Experience with Web UI development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript/TypeScript/jQuery) Experience with JavaScript framework (Angular/Node.js/react/redux) Strong sense of drive, urgency, and ownership 
ScrapedJobID179:

ScrapedJobID180:
Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule On-site parking Work from home Do you have experience with Amazon FBA ? How many years of experience with Amazon Seller Central ? Amazon: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID181:

ScrapedJobID182:
Full 360° Managed IT Service Computer/ Mobile Device Repair Data Backup/ Recovery Website Development Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID183:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines 3D graphic software Initiative Organized 
ScrapedJobID184:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Initiative Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID185:
Designing and developing business capabilities for Canada Drives internal departments and partners. Analyzing functional and non-functional requirements and exploring alternative solutions according to the project's constraints Transforming functional requirements into technical solutions leveraging declarative choices and when applicable customizing code to meet specifications using Apex, Visualforce, Lightning and JavaScript Developing efficient code following industry standards and best practices Estimating, planning and prioritizing activities to meet expectations and deadlines Acting as the technical expert on all applicable aspects on Salesforce platform projects Contributing to data integration initiatives among Salesforce and multiple internal and external data sources using integrations tools, platforms, and APIs to extract, transform and load data as required Helping with triaging and fixing defects for planned releases or sprints Performing unit tests and collaborating with Quality Assurance experts and business users Identifying opportunities and executing continuous improvements in areas including but not limited to the development process, deployment practice, and code quality and unit test automation Providing technical guidance and mentorship to intermediate/junior developers Assisting team lead in promoting development standards and best practices Being aware of new Salesforce features and practices and guide the team on their adoption Participating in solutioning sessions to ensure architectural extensibility and scalability are taken into account Bachelor’s degree in Information System, Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience 5+ years of progressive experience developing in the Salesforce platform (Apex/Visualforce) Previous experience as a software developer using HTML, Javascript and any Object-Oriented Design Principles or Language Previous experience designing and developing applications in Java Experience with Agile development processes Salesforce Platform Developer I Developer Certifications 
ScrapedJobID186:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID187:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID188:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Front-End: NextJS, Typescript, Apollo GQL, React with Hooks (v16.10), Styled Components, ES Lint, Prettier (testing: Jest) Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID189:
Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines JavaOS C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID190:
Experience working in an Agile development environment. Experience in testing large-scale systems such as ERP, Operations Management, CRM, Financial. Familiar with Microsoft ADO, and experience with monitoring metrics. 
ScrapedJobID191:
Develop/modify new/existing features for the Cerence Cloud Service AppServers Play an active role in daily scrums, grooming sessions and sprint planning sessions Curious and not afraid of asking questions Willing to introduce new ideas Aiming at high software development standards Passionate about technology Core Java programming skills Core object-oriented development skills Experience with Git Experience with the Spring Framework Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID192:
Proficiency in JavaScript, especially REACT.js Basic understanding of C#, .NET and Visual Studio as well as SQL syntax The ability to learn quickly and on the job An eye for detail and strong focus on task at hand Ability to speak and write in English language 
ScrapedJobID193:
Customer service is our #1 priority. This should be at the forefront of all your decision making. Enhance our web user experience through thoughtful front end design. Integrate the design on Squarespace and use custom coding where necessary. Custom development and integration of third party applications using API's. Suggest and create new third party applications to support our digital presence. Monday to Friday Do you have experience writing custom code in Squarespace? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID194:
Participate in project planning meetings to design and document software features, requirements, and specifications Communicate effectively with end users to determine software requirements Write and maintain code in conjunction with other developers and changing requirements Read and write documentation for code Maintain, support, and enhance legacy applications Assist Senior development team with business development initiatives (demonstrations, client meetings, presentations, bids and proposal support, etc.) Remain current on web technology trends, and rapidly learn and apply new skills and tools during the life cycle of a project Clear understanding of computer programming principles React.js, GraphQL, Azure Comfortable using Visual Studio Code Hardware/Software experience with servers, desktops, laptops and printers in a Windows environment Ability to work in a team environment Good troubleshooting and strong analytical thinking skills Self starter and motivated Ability to learn on their own Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID195:
Computer science, electrical engineering or related background Previous experience in at least 1 firmware development role in industry Programming, integration and debugging experience in C/C++ Experience in testing and validating firmware functionality directly on embedded platforms Understanding of communication protocols: I2C, UART, SPI, TCP/IP, USB Hands-on experience with test equipment, including in-circuit debuggers, signal generators and oscilloscopes Programming, integration and debugging experience in Assembler Hands-on experience with low-level/embedded TCP/IP stacks Hands-on firmware experience with TI’s C2000 family of microcontrollers Hands-on with scripting using languages such as Python Hands-on soldering skills Experience in implementing firmware/software elements on microcontrollers and SoCs, in both bare-metal and RTOS-based environments Become familiar with the firmware architecture used in our in-house research systems. Start working on a primary design project that will evolve over the course of the internship. Assist the embedded team with developing firmware elements and testing new features on the systems. Start to better understand the role of the firmware features within the R&D environment at GBatteries. Make significant progress on your primary design project for the term. Wrap up your primary design project. Become a reference for the inner workings of certain aspects of the firmware. Educate the rest of the team with the findings and improvements you made over the course of your internship. 
ScrapedJobID196:
Work with business analysts, internal users and IT management to determine, validate and document project requirements Analysis, programming, testing, documentation and implementation of applications in the ERP environment Participate in all activities of the Agile development lifecycle: estimation, planning, design, development, documentation and testing. Support users and other developers of the Unix ERP on all servers. Create and provide adequate documentation for our ERP solutions Development training required, experience with compiled languages Knowledge of programming in an ERP environment preferably in Synergy DBL or COBOL Knowledge of the Linux or Unix Experience with C # .NET and Visual Studio is highly desirable. Knowledge of relational databases Experience with ISAM files and GIT is an advantage The willingness to learn and master a new language and development environment is essential. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID197:
Own Plooto’s website development and our pre-PQL experience Create and optimize web and landing pages for speed, performance, accessibility, mobile-friendliness, and our health score Leverage analytics tools (e.g. Hotjar) to understand how visitors behave on our site, identify frictions and improve the UX Install tracking pixels to help Marketing track and attribute leads Create and update landing pages to support paid campaigns and drive conversions Optimize web pages, conduct SEO site audits, and drive actionable insights Continuously improve our front-end by ensuring industry best development practices. Live and promote our leadership principles. 2-3 years of front-end web development using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML Experience using Hubspot or another similar CMS An analytical mindset and familiarity with data platforms such as Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Segment A drive towards understanding customer behaviour through A/B testing, user conversions and events Ability to evaluate a websites current state and provide recommendations Excellent knowledge of the latest website development trends, techniques to improve rendering and other website functionalities An advocate about best UX practices Culture: We’re a purpose-driven meritocratic culture where bias, tenure, and egos are replaced with debate, data, and facts so we can spend as much time as possible on impactful work to create real value for our customers. Plus, we provide regular social events by our awesome Social Committee, live and virtual coffee chats and more! Growth: We’re a fast-paced FinTech company with numerous opportunities to learn, grow and take on new challenges. You’ll have an immediate impact. Additionally, all Plootonians can participate in the employee stock option plan from day 1. Benefits: Day 1 access to comprehensive medical and health, including 100% drug coverage. We offer flexibility through WFH options and generous time off (vacation, sick, etc.) Security: Plooto is trusted by over 6,000 SMBs and their finance teams. Our customers can discover and transact with over 150K customers and suppliers in North America through our B2B network. 
ScrapedJobID198:
How to work with Data Intensive Systems How to use queue-based systems like Redis, Kafka, and Pulsar Kubernetes Fundamentals around Deployment and various architecture patterns How to work with Machine Learning models The basics of building and training Machine Learning models React Experience – 1-5 years NodeJS Experience – 1-5 years Cloud Experience – 1+ years Experience with any testing framework Some familiarity with Python Familiarity with Containerization concepts Significant Python Experience Experience with Three.js Experience with Charting/Visualization packages, either in JavaScript or Python. (d3.js, plotly.js, matplotlib, etc.) Experience with distributed systems and Microservices development Experience with Kubernetes Test Driven Development Experience Experience building ETL pipelines Performance Profiling experience, especially in Python 
ScrapedJobID199:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID200:
Dental care Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID201:
The right combination of education, attitude, and experience. A solid understanding of software development either through a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a Technology related field is preferred, but not essential. You have developed\worked on a few personal apps or projects. You are eager to learn new concepts, and have a passion to get things done. You understand the difference between smart shortcuts to take and ugly hacks. A team that cares deeply for customers and for each other Professional learning and development for all role levels The latest and greatest technology to do your job Competitive benefits and health/lifestyle spending accounts We’re currently embracing an engaging, remote-first culture and work experience A management team focused on performance, growth, engagement and connection Our winning strategy and market potential Employee-led, exec sponsored employee resource groups committed to Diversity and Inclusion Passionate customers that believe in us—and what we do 
ScrapedJobID202:
Implementation: Work with vendor to implement new releases into Test and Production environments Coordinate the release process with business groups Communicate detailed descriptions of functional changes and provide follow-up support as required Application Support/Development: Create and run ad-hoc database scripts and reports Design and develop reports based on business requirements Develop and execute database scripts such as data fixes, procedures and cursor Create scripts to integrate Yardi with other products and services in the organization Configure/develop new system functionality Administer and resolve technical support requests coming from application users Communicate effectively with the user community Design and develop application interfaces and maintain existing interfaces Maintain working knowledge of technical enhancements and new functionality Troubleshoot and resolve performance issues at the OS, database and SQL code levels Testing: Perform unit, performance and stress testing Provide direction and support to the business divisions for User Acceptance Testing Create test cases and coordinate execution of the test plans Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience in either Information Systems or Computer Science 3 - 5 years of experience with Yardi Voyager Real Estate investment and accounting system required Around 8 years total technical experience as a technical developer Strong experience with Microsoft SQL Server and an expert knowledge of Yardi scripting and Yardi report types (scripted, YSR and SSRS) Strong experience in maintaining MS SQL databases including creation, data management, backups, security and performance tuning Experience supporting 3rd party vendor applications and interfaces Experience with .Net & Visual Studio Well rounded individual capable of performing several roles having ability to work in a fast paced, complex IT environment Personal qualities: Possess a strong work ethic, self-starter, creative, a focus on customer service, possess a high level of energy, enthusiasm, excellent written and verbal communication and people skills, sense of urgency, team player, strong organizational skills, ability to multi-task, and commitment Demonstrated proficiency in interpersonal and communication skills including oral and written English 
ScrapedJobID203:
Design, build, and maintain efficient reporting solutions (mainly with SSRS) and complex datasets using multidimensional data and complexed stored procedures. Analyze source system data and develop ETL packages using tools such as SSIS; Empower the business by creating lasting gateways to their data using Analysis Services tools such as SSAS; Create dimensional data models to support business metrics and analytics, with flexibility for change; As DBA, troubleshooting a critical performance issue or point in time recovery scenarios. Proactively identifying and rectifying security issues, performance auditing, optimizing/tuning, monitoring troubleshooting as well as other duties Developing dashboards, datasets, visuals, and paginated reports with Microsoft SSRS; Ability to interpret requirements and design reports that present information in dashboards and visuals to end users in an intuitive and clear manner; Experience creating and maintaining RDL reports with SSRS; Knowledge and experience in prototyping, designing, and requirement analysis; Highly proficient in multiple programming languages and coding. Excellent ability to design and engineer moderately complex enterprise solutions; Expertise in Windows and Doors segment it is a plus; Design windows and doors needs using WinWrap Basic (Visual Basic Language); Gather requirements and write design specifications; Support the solution to business and IT representatives throughout the software life cycle; Perform testing and prepare documentation; Lead/Manage the projects within all steps: requirements definition, planning, design, development, test and support of the post-deployment product; Work with Business, Application Manager and Project Manager to determine the best technical solution and development process; Prioritize development and support tasks for all projects and ensure dev milestones and tasks are completed as scheduled; Complete data analysis and performance testing to identify process improvements and issues and work on implementation and resolution, respectively. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Day shift No 
ScrapedJobID204:
or equivalent experience Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code HTML CSS Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail MS Windows Internet Image editing software HTML editing software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID205:
Create responsive web applications using Angular and React Produce HTML/CSS/JavaScript code from design documentation Research and recommend functional libraries to expedite development Recommend the development of an inhouse or Open Source UI Components library Build intuitive DevOps piplines for Single Page Application (SPA) deployments into one of the main cloud providers Automate processes within the DevOps pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Strong attention to detail and understanding of UX and visual design concepts to provide leadership perspective on front and backend technologies and their overall impact on the creative process Scope out project deliverables and formulate a plan for development Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. 3+ years of experience working on Frontend development Must have hands on experience with Angular development 3+ years of working knowledge with:
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript
React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server Silverlight is nice to have Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Bachelor’s degree (Master’s a plus) in Computer Science or equivalent experience 2 - 4 years of experience with:
Responsive Design methodologies and techniques
CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) Responsive Design methodologies and techniques CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) 3+ years of working knowledge with:
NodeJS
Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD NodeJS Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD Experience using Agile methodologies for developing applications Experience in creating project estimates, defining scope requirements, and structuring projects Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Ability to work quickly while maintaining strong attention to detail and accuracy while adhering to W3C and accessibility guidelines You’re excited by the prospect of learning a new technologies as needed. You’ve used or are interested in learning about backend development with Java and Spring Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID206:
Design, build, test, and deploy highly-available services that improve patient centric healthcare at scale. Use data to support product decisions and prioritize the right projects for the team. Use the right language and framework for the challenge at hand. Build great user experiences that allow customers to easily understand powerful data tools. Own product decisions end-to-end and bring structure to a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Train other team members on your specialities to ensure a cross functional team 4+ years of software engineering experience in a web/mobile development in and infrastructure. Bonus points for experience in the digital health or healthcare space. Experience in backend technologies: Django, AWS, Heroku, RMDB, Reddis, Restful APIs, Application security, containers, and scripting languages. Experience in modern web technologies HTML5, CSS3, Django, and react native. Experience with Snowflake, Databricks, and other modern cloud data tools a bonus. A proponent of diverse and inclusive engineering cultures, and a commitment to fostering such an environment. Unafraid to communicate what’s working and what needs to change. Someone who is energized by ambiguity and can create structure in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Our tech stack immediately consists of Django, Native React, and AWS. Do you have experience in all three of the technologies? Django: 2 years (required) AWS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID207:
Design and Development - Perform and coordinate complex application programming activities. Design the application's technical infrastructure using specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches. Participate in the design and development of cost-effective and innovative solutions. Strategic Planning - Develop multi-year technology roadmaps that align with the bank’s vision, strategy, and business objectives. Participate in multiple complex projects involving backend systems, new technology, and the enhancement of existing applications. Leadership Skills – Provide guidance to help the development team comply to industry’s standards and best practices. Support teammates by sharing knowledge, collaborating and problem solving. You can demonstrate experience in: .NET, C#, SQL Server, PowerShell, ASP.NET, RESTful API and Unit Testing. It’s an asset if: You have knowledge of Agile, Azure development, and Test Automation. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, SW Engineering or related programming degree/diploma You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID208:
You will become a master in research related programming & web-based development Manage data collection, integrate inputs from various back-end services, and use database technologies to optimize throughput Data mine complex online retailers using a variety of methodologies Contribute to researching and implementing cost-effective, scalable IT infrastructure as the firm expands Opportunity to build fully fledged web-based applications and gain experience in full-stack development One-on-one mentorship and ability to own projects and collaborate with talented people Opportunity for rapid promotion as we build our team (our firm grows at 27% per year) A great work environment in our new open-concept office An undergraduate degree in any field Collaborative communication skills (written and oral) - Ability to convert and explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience Development from specifications - Ability to find requirements and break them down into actionable execution plans for the team and proactively identify problems Experience in any programming language, including, but not limited to: Python, Java, JavaScript, R (Experience with Python is preferred, but not required) Experience with web technologies and an understanding of HTML5, CSS, JS Passion in doing excellent work, willingness to learn, and strong sense of curiosity Competitive salary (with bonuses), health, dental & vision benefits, share options at the management level As soon as possible Monday December 6, 2021 at 11:59PM Apply with a PDF copy of your resume and undergraduate transcript. Please name all files ((application name)) - ((document)) for example John Doe - Transcript.pdf. Your resume should highlight your education, your overall GPA, academic scholarships/awards, analytical experience (labeled as Analytical Experience), and other experience (labeled as Other Experience). We define analytical experience in its broadest sense (working in a medical lab doing tests, software programming, robotic design, engineering projects, financial modeling, etc.). No Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID209:
Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back-end APIs. Work with development teams, stakeholders and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any production issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. Be an excellent Team player University Degree/College Diploma in a business, mathematics, computer science or technology related field preferred. 5+ years of hands-on Java Development, knowledge of Spring Boot or similar is preferred 5+ years of experience with front end frameworks like React (preferred), Angular or Vue.js 5+ years of experience with open-source databases e.g. MySQL Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID210:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID211:
Flexible vacation days Health and wellness spending accounts Flexibility to work from anywhere (we’re currently remote-first, but this applies beyond COVID-19) Build out environments and streamline deployments to AWS with containers. Build and maintain continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) tools and processes. Provide operational support and guidance to other engineers to ensure production-ready code. Manage application logging and monitoring infrastructure. Experience running node.js applications. Experience with Postgres. Experience working with protected health information (PHI). Familiarity with penetration testing tools and vulnerability scanners. Familiarity with managing a VPN (e.g., OpenVPN). Experience with performance, scalability, and reliability issues of 24x7 SaaS application Monitor and maintain environment stability to meet SLAs. Proficiency with the Amazon AWS ecosystem (EC2, S3, RDS, ALB, ECS, KMS, IAM, Lambda, Code Build, Code Deploy, Route53, CloudTrail, etc.) Familiarity with building and deploying Docker containers, especially with ECS, Kubernetes, or Swarm. Experience managing infrastructure with terraform or Cloud Formation. Familiarity with cloud computing best practices. Significant Linux experience (any of RHEL/Amazon/Ubuntu). Proficiency with a scripting language (python/ruby). Ability to manage code repositories with Git. 
ScrapedJobID212:
Vous travaillerez sur des projets importants, en résolvant des défis uniques, des processus et des outils soutenant le développement de programmes robustes et très performants composés de millions de lignes de code Vous travaillerez en contact étroit avec des ingénieurs logiciels, des concepteurs d’expérience utilisateur et des ingénieurs en assurance qualité V ous pourrez appliquer vos connaissances des algorithmes, des structures de données, du front/back-end ou du full-stack et des modèles de conception de logiciels pour répondre aux besoins des clients Vous devez être inscrit en tant qu'étudiant à temps plein dans un programme accrédité au Canada avec au moins un trimestre universitair pour être admissible à un stage Langages de programmation orientée objet : C++, Python, C# ou Java Technologies liées au Web telles que JavaScript et HTML et bonne connaissance des technologies de plateformes mobiles Excellentes compétences interpersonnelles, de communication et de présentation Capacité à travailler en équipe et à établir avec succès des relations de collaboration La connaissance du logiciel Autodesk You will work on meaningful projects, solving unique challenges, processes and tools supporting development of robust and highly performant programs consisting of millions of lines of code You will work in close contact with software engineers, user experience designers, and QA engineers You will be able to apply your knowledge of algorithms, data structures, front/back end or full-stack and software design patterns to serve customer needs Object oriented program languages C++, Python, C#, or Java Web related technologies such as JavaScript and HTML and familiarity with mobile platform technologies Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Ability to work in team environment and successfully build collaborative relationships Knowledge of Autodesk software 
ScrapedJobID213:
We are seeking a passionate, high energy,  to join our growing and dynamic  team! This role will be a  for Client in our Canada Guidewire practice. Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our people and clients. We are seeking someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration. If you are comfortable with Guidewire, excited by change, and excel through autonomy, we would love to hear from you! We love big ideas and even bigger dreams. We stand out because we put human experiences at the core. We help clients engage customers by envisioning and building creative products and services. But we don’t stop there. We develop go-to-market strategies and invent entirely new business models, ensuring that every company we work with walks away with both inspiration and a plan. It’s the defining attribute that we look for in our people. 7+ years of experience in application design and development with 2+ years of hands-on experience in one or more applications of the Guidewire suite - PolicyCenter/ClaimCenter/BillingCenter. Hands-on experience in configuration and integration of the  application - adept in the implementation of common integration patterns including but not limited to messaging, plugins, custom web services etc. Guidewire certifications in ClaimCenter v10 / PolicyCenter v8+ / BillingCenter v8+ 2+ years of strong experience in the P & C insurance domain. Good understanding of the underlying application data model and OOTB capabilities - CC/PC/BC. Working knowledge of Java, Java web, JavaScript, SQL, Guidewire Edge etc. Experience working with relational databases and strong SQL skills. Strong understanding of object-oriented programming principles and design. Knowledge of Guidewire's best practices and standards. Ability to gather system requirements and document technical designs. Unit and integration testing of delivered code Ability to work in an Agile delivery model and collaborate with teams to resolve issues/design solutions. Bonus pay Extended health care Life insurance Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Guidewire developer: 6 years (required) configuration and integration: 1 year (required) ClaimCenter v10 / PolicyCenter v8+ / BillingCenter v8+: 1 year (required) P & C insurance domain.: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID214:
Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID215:
Build new features for the Kloudville application Assist with extending application infrastructure as needed Diagnose and resolve issues 3+ years of experience in web development Excellent plain JavaScript skills Excellent understanding of and experience with object-oriented principles Experience building large single page web applications Strong understanding of and appreciation for code quality 
ScrapedJobID216:
Provides Development Engineering support for an assigned set of applications or system elements. Develops solutions for technology processes and practices for build and release management, application lifecycle changes, operation service delivery and support. Assists with project definition, scoping resource planning, execution, risk assessment, change control and monitoring. Performs infrastructure installation, setup, administration and automated deployments. Deploys, maintains and scales web applications. Troubleshoots and debugs servers / processes for system and application issues after deployment. Collaborates with other engineers and cross-functional technical team members to resolve platform issues. Assists with architecting and implementing / monitoring infrastructure. 
ScrapedJobID217:
Participate in project planning meetings to design and document software features, requirements, and specifications Communicate effectively with end users to determine software requirements Write and maintain code in conjunction with other developers and changing requirements Read and write documentation for code Maintain, support, and enhance legacy applications Assist Senior development team with business development initiatives (demonstrations, client meetings, presentations, bids and proposal support, etc.) Remain current on web technology trends, and rapidly learn and apply new skills and tools during the life cycle of a project Clear understanding of computer programming principles React.js, GraphQL, Azure Comfortable using Visual Studio Code Hardware/Software experience with servers, desktops, laptops and printers in a Windows environment Ability to work in a team environment Good troubleshooting and strong analytical thinking skills Self starter and motivated Ability to learn on their own Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID218:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Ability to understand a web application and how it's built from end-to-end Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Fluency with databases (schema design, querying, optimization etc.) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work. Mentorship Program Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Annual tech & travel allowance Comprehensive Health & Wellness Benefits Package Retirement Planning Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility Service Recognition Programs 
ScrapedJobID219:
No more fetching coffee: Work on in-depth projects, emerging products and technologies that drive business results. Lifelong learning: Meet with mentors, make new friends, and attend learning sessions from diverse subject matter experts. Gain visibility: With iXp in your title, you’ll have a global network of SAP leaders, entrepreneurs, and career development opportunities at your fingertips. Develop and maintain existing in-house automation landscape. Test case development for existing and new features. Develop full stack from backend storage, business logics to JavaScript-based UI. Coordinate testing, integration and documentation of solutions. Provide operational support and new technologies investigations. Must have at least 4-month previous Coop term experience in software testing or development. Can commit for 8 months full-time internship Candidates in other subjects with relevant education and/or work experience may be considered. Working experience in Java OOP in a must. Working knowledge of web services development. Working knowledge of typescript and at least one JavaScript framework, preferably Angular, is a must. Working knowledge of data structures, algorithms, web development, web services and database design. Knowledge of Linux operating systems. Knowledge of Grails is an asset. Knowledge of scripting language, i.e. Bash, Python, and Perl, is an asset. Knowledge of large platform & infrastructure software (e.g. Docker, Openstack, CloudFoundry, etc.) would be a plus. Ability to meet aggressive deadlines and quickly understand the existing framework and business requirements. Strong problem-solving skills. Ability to prioritize and work on multiple tasks. Excellent team player with good interpersonal skills, strong verbal and written communication skills. Candidates to currently be enrolled in a Bachelor's or Masters, degree program which is applicable to the position (computer science, computer engineering, or equivalent with proven experience). An internship packed full of events to ensure you understand our technologies, our competitive landscape, our culture and our leadership philosophy Community of mentors and volunteer engagement teams to join and lead Collaborative open-concept work environment in the heart of Yaletown Games room, fitness classes, massage therapist, and 24/7 access to onsite gym Well-stocked snacks, coffee, teas, sodas and candy 
ScrapedJobID220:
Strong SQL Development background - 7 to 10 years experience Current version is 2016 and you will be moving to 2019 Strong SSIS understanding and experience SSRS exposure would be a good to have Good communication skills and should be a team player Banking/Capital Markets experience is preferable and ideal to have for senior role Day shift 
ScrapedJobID221:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID222:
Building data-driven software applications based on Python, JavaScript (Node.js) and HTML5 (Boostrap) Developing high performance databases and designing well structured database schemas using MS SQL Server and MySQL Modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces. Directing system testing and validation procedures. Directing software programming and documentation development. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals. Working with customers or departments on technical issues including software system design and maintenance. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with engineering staff to evaluate software-hardware interfaces and develop specifications and performance requirements. Designing and developing software systems using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcomes and design consequences. Preparing reports on programming project specifications, activities, or status. Conferring with project managers to obtain information on limitations or capabilities. Possession of a post-secondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, or a relevant field. Strong knowledge of the Python and JavaScript (Node.js) programming languages / frameworks Strong knowledge of database development and schema design using MS SQL Server and MySQL Strong knowledge of HTML5 UI development using the Bootstrap framework Strong knowledge of SQL (Structured Query Language). Good expertise in software development methodologies The desire to work in fast-paced environment. Ability to develop unit testing of code components or complete applications. Creativity is always a plus. Possession of a problem-solving attitude. Must be a full-stack developer and understand concepts of software engineering. Experience working on a variety of software development projects. Deep programming language knowledge. Analyze code and communicate detailed reviews to development teams to ensure a marked improvement in applications and the timely completion of projects. Collaborate with team members to improve the company’s engineering tools, systems and procedures, and data security. Develop and maintain design and troubleshooting documentation. Can work independently and as part of a team. 8 hour shift Python development: 5 years (required) Microsoft SQL Server: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID223:
Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care RRSP match 8 hour shift Monday to Friday backend development: 6 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID224:
Review and understand functional requirements to be able to conceive and present application designs and prototypes. Document and publish technical requirements, design and functional specifications for use by internal teams. Evaluate existing functionality and propose and implement improvements and extensions as required by the overall architecture of the product. Participate in the evaluation and resolution of defect ticket reports for new as well as legacy components Contribute to the team’s software development lifecycle improvement initiatives by utilizing standard practices as well proposing areas of improvement – design, planning, implementation, testing, and documentation. 5+ years of web development experience with Angular and/or AngularJS Experience with migrating applications from AngularJS to Angular Experience with NPM, grunt, webpack JS module bundler Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks, such as Jasmine, Protractor, etc. Experience developing and using REST APIs Must have development experience with a focus on unit testing Must be an expert in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript OO Development, JSON Experience with Java application servers - Tomcat/JBoss/Wildfly Experience with Java Web Application framework (Struts, Spring, JSF, etc.) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 3+ years of software development experience with Java and JSP/Servlet technologies. Strong grasp of object-oriented design and implementation Experience with XML, Hibernate Proficient on both Windows and Linux Prior experience with Agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID225:
Take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project while incorporating guidance from your mentor, manager, and peers. Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end to help build the future of Pinterest Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable Communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities Pursuing a CS degree (or related field) 2+ years of CS classes under your belt (Intro to CS and Algorithms, Advanced Algorithms, Operating Systems and Data Structures are all great!) Aptitude for JavaScript, CSS, C++, HTML, Python, Java, Go–we use a variety of programming languages and tools Non-academic coding experience (i.e. hack-a-thons, code challenges, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, volunteer coding experience, conference participation, etc.) A curious nature with a desire to tackle and solve complex problems 
ScrapedJobID226:
Provide AEM functionality and technology expertise to support design and implementation of the AEM platform and ongoing enhancements and integrations; Design and build efficient content models, security models, workflows and templates; Design and development of new components, templates and web pages; Employ strong coding standards for efficiency, readability, and reuse At least 1 year working with Java/J2EE; Understanding of CMS and CQ 5.x/AEM 6.x.; Understanding of JCR, Sling, and OSGi; Experience in creating custom components and bundles; Front-end skills: CSS, JavaScript, HTML. Challenging short- and long-term projects with the customers, vendors, and partners from EU and US; Local and distributed project teams management of 10+ professionals; A real possibility to gain knowledge and grow in project delivery management; Competitive compensation depending on skills and experience; Flexible working hours; Remote work opportunity (by approval); Social benefits (see details below). Office located in the city center; Modern ergonomic furniture; Yoga classes in the office; English classes onsite; Seasonal vaccination; 5 additional paid days a year in case of illness without a sick leave; Individual approach and personal development program; Reimbursement for professional literature; Compensation for sports; Compensation of external training and certification; Corporate events and trips; Tasty & Fruits Days - pleasant surprises from the Company. 
ScrapedJobID227:
Develop ETL (DataStage) solutions and conduct appropriate testing while ensuring adherence to good practices and architectural objectives; Analyze and master the field of technology and design optimal solutions; Perform:

the estimation and sequencing of high complexity project activities;

quality control and testing and ensure the performance of solutions. the estimation and sequencing of high complexity project activities; quality control and testing and ensure the performance of solutions. Research, recommend and apply best practices for software development and configuration; Be responsible for the quality of the development and its implementation; Control application and system operations; Write functional specifications and operating manuals, as required. DEC in Computer Science or other relevant discipline; Three (3) to five (5) years of programming experience; Mastery of DataStage and knowledge of SQL; Experience working in Agile mode; Communication with teams in French and English. Level expected:
French: 4/4
English: 2/4
37808 French: 4/4 English: 2/4
37808 37.5 hours per week; Opportunities to develop and grow your career; Work with diverse technologies, projects, clients and sectors; Spend your days in a creative and innovative environment; Share experience and knowledge as part of an agile and dynamic team; A great balance between work and personal life; Access to exciting educational opportunities (internal, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Personal recognition of your important professional contributions; Great cultural diversity across our teams. 
ScrapedJobID228:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits 
ScrapedJobID229:
Lead application development for our Notebook Content squad working within our Analytics Lab platform. Work with Research and Quant teams to understand and build tools that provide user value. Listen to user feedback and use that to drive future Analytics Lab platform enhancements. Build well-designed, well-engineered, stable, and scalable products across a variety of markets Follow software design best practices such as continuous integration, test-driven development, and regular deployments. Be passionate about quality, process, programming, and investing in general, seeing opportunities for improvement, seizing them, and then sharing your findings with others. Take ownership of the success of the team with a "gets things done" attitude; the ability to understand and leverage new technologies, potentially wearing many hats including business analyst, UX designer, QA engineer, and project manager. A bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field in software development with more than 7 years of experience. Experience with Python or other similar languages. Experience with pandas, R. Experience with JupyterLabs or other data science tools. Experience with Javascript and frameworks like Vue.js Experience with unit testing concepts and tools. Knowledge of financial data. Knowledge of Morningstar financial data is a plus. Exposure and understanding of DevOps with tools like Jenkins and CloudBees Flow Familiarity with architecting AWS solutions Organized and able to remain productive even when you have multiple deliverables. 
ScrapedJobID230:
Recueillir les besoins des utilisateurs finaux et des Product Owners et spécifier les fonctionnalités à implémenter. Développer les différentes parties de l'application depuis l'interface utilisateur jusqu'à la gestion des données. Implémenter, tester et fournir des fonctionnalités conformément à nos normes et en suivant le processus d'intégration continue. Fournir un soutien dans les opérations quotidiennes prenant en charge les processus de défauts, problèmes et crises. Être un membre actif de l'équipe en termes de prise de décision et d'amélioration des processus Contribuer à l'amélioration continue de l'équipe par la communication, la documentation et l'automatisation Développement Java et/ou Python Développement web (HTML/CSS, Angular, Bootstrap) Connaissance du langage SQL Connaissance de développement des cycles : SDLC, Agile, Continuous delivery Connaissance des outils de CI/CD (Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes) Connaissance de Spring Boot, Django ou Flask Société Générale est l’un des tout premiers groupes européens de services financiers. Acteur important de l’économie depuis plus de 150 ans, Société Générale emploie plus de 138 000 collaborateurs dans 62 pays et accompagne au quotidien 29 millions de clients à travers le monde. La Société Générale a ouvert son premier bureau aux États-Unis en 1938 et au Canada en 1974 et compte désormais environ 2 500 professionnels travaillant dans 8 villes américaines, 3 villes au Canada et ainsi qu’en Amérique latine. Société Générale n’est pas qu’une institution financière, c’est un groupe qui place l’innovation et un impact financier positif et durable au cœur de sa culture. Le groupe Société Générale a fait du numérique un levier clé pour transformer la relation bancaire. L’édition 2019 des Trophées du eCAC40 classe Société Générale à la première place des banques ayant le mieux négocié le virage du numérique ! Nos groupes ressources employés tels que Fierté et Alliés, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet témoignent de l’implication de nos employés pour leur communauté. 
ScrapedJobID231:
Develop applications (the ‘thread or if you prefer ‘duct tape’) that enable business and operational requirements using cloud provider services (‘fabric’ or ‘lego pieces’) Make concepts ‘real’ by telling enterprise architects how things really work versus what they may have seen in a vendor demo Avoid 2am production issues by building scalable and resilient (‘works the first time’) applications running globally Make things better by pointing out redundancies and manual steps best handled via your code Smart and prefer to have other fork your git repos (versus forking some open source project to show commit counts) Experience using languages in vogue this decade (e.g., Python, Go, Groovy) Aware of how cloud-centric architectures and technical standards differ from something that runs on a Windows server Understand what are trade-offs in design and development (e.g., perennial issues around cache validation) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering Graduate degree in Computer Engineering / Computer Science GPA higher than the average in relevant subjects and in the last two academic years (if not throughout) Prior experiences / internships with exposure to developing large scale applications Have written apps using AWS services (a bit more than EC2 is always welcome) 
ScrapedJobID232:
5+ years of experience using Angular, HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript 3+ years working in agile scrum environments Experience with analytics and accessibility Expertise in designing and developing Single Page Applications. Excellent knowledge of version control (e.g. git, github) and build tools (e.g. Jenkins) Experience with Agile tools and Methodologies (e,g. - Atlassian suite) Understanding and knowledge with utilizing/implementing operational tools such as Datadog, Dynatrace, PagerDuty, etc. Ability to communicate effectively in English, with good verbal and written skills. Operates with minimal supervision and performs moderate to difficult technical tasks independently Excellent Team Player and acts as mentor in own area Prior experience with cloud technologies (Docker, Artifactory, Azure, AWS) preferred. 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID233:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications PHP MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines Internet Database software Servers Programming software Software development Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software API Initiative Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID234:
To develop new features mainly using Java To promote, follow, and suggest best practices for development To ensure the quality of the developments (unit tests, integration tests, code review) To improve code quality Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related engineering disciplines +4 years of experience with Java, Springboot Knowledge of SQL and Postgres Experience with Javascript technologies such as Node and Angular Be part of an international, multicultural environment of 7,750 talented people over 60 countries and 5 continents Join a fast-growing global group with a turnover of €565M and over 1,000 clients across the world Explore opportunities to grow quickly with a tailor-made career path: 70% of our key senior talent joined the company at entry level Take advantage of over 500 training courses in our ACADEMY catalogue, which includes programs in interpersonal communication, team management, project management, etc. Get the opportunity to support nonprofit organizations thanks to our Foundation initiatives and volunteering platform OneSmallStep Depending on your performance and eligibility criteria, you can benefit from international mobility opportunities and progress your career worldwide, and/or experience other departments and sectors Unlock your full potential, both professionally and personally. 
ScrapedJobID235:
Évaluation de la faisabilité technique des exigences fonctionnelles; Concevoir, programmer, tester et mettre en production des applications web; Analyser les programmes déjà en place; Traitement du code dans différents outils et environnements pour en assurer la qualité et le bon déploiement; Assister au contrôle de qualité en collaboration avec l’analyste fonctionnel; Préparer et faire approuver la documentation des systèmes et du code; Recommander et promouvoir les meilleures pratiques de développement; S'approprier, avec toute l'équipe, la responsabilité de la qualité des livrables; Prendre activement part à la gestion des changements lorsqu'ils se présentent; Fournir une aide technique aux développeurs juniors; Vous êtes bilingue en français et en anglais; Vous possédez minimum 2 années d’expériences en développement Python Vous possédez un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou dans un domaine similaire (un atout); Vous avez une très bonne connaissance des environnements, outils et autres langages Linux, qWeb, GitLab, GitHub, Vous maîtrisez PEP8, IDE, CSS3, Bootstrap; Vous avez une capacité à travailler avec différents API externes; Vous êtes à l’aise dans la programmation front-end et back-end avec les cadres d’applications Web; Vous comprenez bien les besoins, contextes et réalités d’affaires des entreprises clientes; Vous avez une bonne connaissance de base en développement Agile (SCRUM); Vous aimez apprendre de nouvelles technologies; Vous êtes doué(e) pour vulgariser des concepts et idées de nature techniques; Vous démontrez une habileté à challenger les spécifications; Vous faites preuve de curiosité et d’autonomie; Vous êtes capable de livrer plusieurs projets à la fois; 
ScrapedJobID236:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID237:
Working with our ML scientists to develop highly scalable models and algorithms for predicting molecular phenotypes using state-of-the-art neural network methodologies. Developing evaluation, visualization, and productivity tools for streamlining machine learning research Adapting our algorithms and architectures to best exploit modern cloud computing environments Working with our software engineers, biologists and geneticists to operationalize and deploy research output to match the needs of stakeholders. Solid Engineering and Computer Science fundamentals, ideally with a degree in CS, Math, or equivalent experience. Senior candidates should have experience in architecting, developing, and deploying large software systems in a leading position Experience in building, testing, training, and deploying production-ready ML workflows. Experience developing machine learning algorithms or machine learning infrastructure in Python or C/C++. Experience with frameworks like PyTorch, Caffe2, Tensorflow, Keras, JAX, Chainer, etc. Experience in the operationalization of Machine Learning projects (MLOps) using at least one of the popular frameworks or platforms (e.g. Kubeflow, AWS Sagemaker, Google AI Platform, Azure Machine Learning). Leading role in developing the future of drug development to cure genetically defined diseases. A highly competitive salary and meaningful equity compensation. Exceptional opportunities for learning and growth. A bright, collegial, highly motivated team working at the intersection of the most exciting areas of science and technology. 
ScrapedJobID238:
Collaborate with a team of producers, artists, and programmers from concept to deployment of a game product to bring the team’s vision to reality Design and write clean, readable code Bug fixing, maintenance and optimization Rapid prototyping Minimum 2 years’ experience developing in Java Script Passion and curiosity for games and mobile applications Ability to work under pressure and attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID239:
Work independently with Designers, Marketers and Product Owners to successfully launch websites and web applications by scheduled delivery dates. Provide guidance and advice on techniques that improve RBC Ventures’ collective understanding of web development and technology considerations. Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using the best software development best practices. Work with internal teams to integrate data feeds from various back-end services and databases. Acts as a key partner of Venture teams to improve, expand and scale their online and mobile web presence. Provide detailed documentation and hand-off material and training to Marketers, Product Owners and Developers as necessary. Stay plugged into emerging technologies, industry trends and best practices and apply them into projects and daily activities when applicable. Coordinating with UI/UX Designers to ensure UI/UX designs are technically workable and interactive BA/BS degree Computer Science (CS), Systems Design / Human Factors Engineering or a related field or equivalent practical experience. A minimum of 3 years of experience in designing and developing usable web interfaces across multiple channels and platforms. Superb functional knowledge and experience in the following: Complete knowledge of programming languages like Javascript, HTML, and CSS Experience with web development tools like Git, jQuery, and Bootstrap Familiarity with other JS libraries like ExtJS, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js and other frameworks Experience with Wordpress, Webflow, Contentful, and Unbounce Experience integrating/configuring content management systems Familiarity with browser testing and debugging Server architecture Experience with server-side frameworks Knowledge of SEO principles Web Accessibility, building towards AA compliance General understanding of DevOps workflows Knowledge of software back-end systems and services / APIs Ability to multitask with strict time constraints, budgets and business goals Strong communication skills Problem solving in terms of building working systems rather than improving individual parts Ability to work in an Agile environment A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID240:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor's degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID241:
Build and translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code Integrate data storage solutions Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to mitigate and address these issues Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Work directly with our clients to propose and deliver software solutions Knowledge of .NET web framework Proficient in C#, asp.net, and Razor with a good knowledge of their ecosystems Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Skill for writing reusable libraries Familiar with various design and architectural patterns Knowledge of concurrency patterns Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server Experience with popular web application frameworks Familiarity with Windows Presentation Framework A knack for writing clean, readable, and easily maintainable code Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application Experience creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Basic understanding of Common Language Runtime (CLR), its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient understanding of code versioning tools. Git is preferred, but SVN and Mercurial are acceptable. Experience writing code in a professional capacity or a 4 Year degree in computer science, mathematics, or an equivalent in education and experience 
ScrapedJobID242:
collaborate with Product Owner, UX and the rest of the agile team to understand the problem domain and deliver product features; participate in the architectural design for various aspects of the project, assist with reviewing code written by peers as well as API specifications from backend teams; learn how to use modern tools and technologies; contribute on shared SDKs, UI components, and application logic as an active member of the development team; investigate and resolve issues that arise from logs and crash reports; help us deliver awesome products. A good understanding of JavaScript, TypeScript Good understanding and knowledge of asynchronous JavaScript Knowledge of either React or React-Native Experience in making or using Design Systems, component Libraries Good communication skills Experience using state management libraries (Redux, Flux, React-Query, Recoil, etc.) Understanding of front-end testing strategies and libraries (jest, jasmine) Experience working in an agile environment with CI/CD processes Knowledge of Accessibility standards and compliance is a plus 
ScrapedJobID243:
Strategic Supply Chain Management Freight Brokerage Services Small Package Services Dedicated Solutions Consulting and Engineering Services Advance knowledge of .net core, C#, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Frameworks (Bootstrap or Foundation) Knowledge of SQL Server and T-SQL Knowledge and/or experience Protocol – REST via Web API + JSON, Odata Experience working in an AGILE environment Proficient in working with API apps and API Management services Experience with Azure, Github or other source control Knowledge of network topology and eager to learn more Multi-threading and synchronization on multicore systems Strong verbal, written communication, and presentation skills Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, attention to detail, and time management skills Commitment to quality and executional excellence and outstanding internal/external customer service Willingness to work outside their role as needed to support business needs Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Excellent personal organization and ability to priorities and carry out multiple tasks An interest in design, user experience or data visualization Working to develop, test, and maintain web and desktop-based business applications built on Microsoft technologies. Work to gather user/client requirements and design solutions to meet those requirements Application documentation as well as developing user stories and estimates Create and maintain mapping for EDI transactions Prepare manuals and documentations on maintenance and usage of the application Developing and refining integration between various applications Provide support to business users (internal and external) on a day-to-day basis Be involved in day-to-day infrastructure maintenance tasks An ethical and fair environment where ideas are valued and is inclusive, high energy and best in class Training and a structured onboarding to ensure you are set up to succeed Leadership, coaching and mentorship supporting a rewarding carrier in Supply Chain The ability to participate in professional development and cross functional initiatives that will allow you to grow Competitive overall compensation package that includes paid time off, full benefits and performance-based bonus 
ScrapedJobID244:
Prepare rough drafts and present ideas. Conceptualize creative ideas based on the requirements and design briefs. Test and refine our website’s designs. Use the appropriate colors and layouts for each design. Work with Marketing Managers to produce final designs. Communicate designs ideas with user flows, process flows, sitemaps, and wireframes. Amend designs after feedback Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand Design plans and presentation of the website structure. Has 3+ years of experience in Web Design. Has strong graphic design skills. Unique focus to create web pages that are straightforward and easy to navigate. Has knowledge in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. PHP and MySQL will be an asset. Has knowledge of design software and technologies (e.g. InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Figma, Sketch). Experience with UI/UX methodologies. Good understanding of Search Engine Optimization (SEO). Has a keen eye for aesthetics and a penchant for details. Is a great communicator, both written and verbally. Open and receptive to feedback Works methodically and meets deadlines with ease. Preferably has a degree in design, fine arts, or a related field. Working at Top Down Campus, a collaborative work environment with cross-functional teams, amongst multiple, rapid-growth SaaS companies at varying stages of growth. Mentorship from industry veterans with a 100% track record of industry success in funding and scaling software companies creates endless career opportunities. Training and professional development budget provided to help advance your career and skills (available every year to every employee). World-class offices and facilities in downtown Vancouver’s most exclusive business neighborhood with beautiful ocean/mountain views. Fully stocked bar, organic local coffee, snacks, food, and a world-class gym. Brand new, top-of-the-line height-adjustable desks, workstations, hardware, and equipment provide a comfortable working environment. Monthly public transportation subsidy available to all employees, plus a top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. 
ScrapedJobID245:
Ability to learn fast (like, really fast) and ready to make a big impact Experience working with Agile software development methodologies like Scrum. You apply the Agile values to your work and understand how they can add to your team’s success Experience working directly with clients and stakeholders. You’re a consultant, comfortable interacting with clients to solve their business challenges You can handle working on multiple projects or tasks and keep them all under control Passionate about technology and using it to help solve business issues Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Occasional travel required for training and client projects 4+ years of experience in Android development Developing and maintaining software using Kotlin. Experience developing and successfully launching native Android apps to Google Play You understand the ins and outs of fragments, animation, threading, and the latest Android APIs Creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code Collaborating with designers, product managers, and your development team to deliver compelling user-facing products and services Experience working with REST APIs Experience with AWS is a plus Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field (or equivalent) Competitive compensation rates Remote work Medical, dental, and extended health benefits Employee assistance program Employee referral bonus Feedback based on regular 1:1s Friday socials Monthly team lunches and birthday celebrations And more perks! 
ScrapedJobID246:
HTML5 HTML CSS Bootstrap 3+ Framework PHP MySQL JavaScript FTP Secure Shell Photoshop Illustrator Corel Familiar with SEO best practices 
ScrapedJobID247:
Work closely with front-end developers and team members to ensure an effective, intuitive, and visually appealing implementation of projects. Be an instrumental component in the integration and implementation of the HubSpot CRM and Drupal integration. Maintain Acquia Drupal applications. (including version 8 and 9). Reverse engineer, extend custom module and theme to ensure rich end user experiences as well as comprehensive content management. Support the planning process and do the development on Drupal supporting project plan. This will include: Extending current custom modules, Extending the current Drupal configuration including views, taxonomy, paragraphs and blocks. Assign rules for marketing automation in the form of drip campaigns triggered from user interaction. Implement automated testing methodologies and best practices. Architect enterprise Drupal solutions including data, display, and information architecture. Advance site-building with Drupal modules. Experience developing mobile solutions in Drupal and PHP implementations, PHP files, theme functions, and knowledge of the Drupal theme layer. Experience creating custom Drupal modules. Experience building responsive websites using Drupal CMS. Excellent communications and troubleshooting skills. Must be a Canadian citizen or eligible to work in Canada. Degree or certificate in a relevant field preferred 
ScrapedJobID248:
Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Microsoft Access: 5 years (preferred) Yes Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID249:
Completion of University or College in Computer Science or related field 2+ years experience in software development or technical support role Proficiency in HTML/XHTML, XML/XSL, CSS and one of Java, C#, .NET, or batch processing Experience working on web applications, XML web services and/or web servers is an asset Understanding of relational data modeling and SQL proficiency in MS SQL Server or other DBMS Understanding of core programming concepts, theories and patterns Experience working with issue tracking tools and source control systems. The ability to handle multiple priorities and escalate to the reporting manager as necessary A strong team player with the ability to work with various teams including business analysts, QA and customer support Has strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills Willingness to adapt to business processes and driven to help improve them. Ability to communicate clearly and accurately in English, both verbal and written Experience with document management and production is an asset Experience working with SQL Server Integration Services is an asset Experience using JIRA, MS Sharepoint is considered an asset Experience working in a highly regulated business environment is an asset Configuration of Doxim’s digital document processing applications, IE. ECM, API setup, e-Notification, and document archiving. Assist clients in API portal integrations with Doxim products. Responsible for building and maintaining robust small and mid-sized statement composition projects. Communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders to ensure that implementation meets agreed upon specifications. Apply your knowledge of the software development lifecycle and development best practices to produce high quality output in your projects. Understanding of the roles and responsibilities of the various members of a project team. Interpret customer requirements documentation and convert requirements into efficient and easily maintainable document design layouts. Working with project teams to define customer requirements and generate product solutions. Be an eager and collaborative member of a project team, with a firm understanding and appreciation for client commitments, and a proactive attitude towards identify and acting upon risk. Strong interpersonal skills to build relationships with internal stakeholders, to understand requirements, propose solutions, provide application support and provide some basic training. 
ScrapedJobID250:
Sublime Text Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery React.js SASS Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Large caseload Tight deadlines MS Windows Linux Internet Database software JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Extranet Intranet Presentation software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Flexibility Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Values and ethics Reliability Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID251:
Assisting the web development team with all aspects of website and application design. Assisting with the testing and maintenance of backend and front-end applications. Brainstorming new tech applications such as digital storage and mobile technology. Collaborating with developers to implement new web features. Keeping up to date with the latest technology and programming trends. Converting video, audio, written, and graphic components into compatible formats for the web. Using user feedback to identify and correct problems with a client's website. A Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science, or a similar field. Experience working with coding languages such as HTML, Python JQuery, JSON, and Ajax. Solid understanding of web design and development principles. Good planning, analytical, and decision-making skills. A portfolio of web design and projects you have worked on. Critical-thinking skills. Flexibility in the workplace. In-depth knowledge of software prototyping and UX design tools. Goal-orientated and deadline-driven. On call Yes 
ScrapedJobID252:
As per the Canada Summer Jobs Program, participants must be between 15–30 years of age and must be legally entitled to work according to the relevant provincial/territorial legislation and regulations. 
ScrapedJobID253:
Architect and develop maintainable interfaces and applications that are used by millions of end-users. Modernize frontend systems to enable rapid UI development and iteration. Push technology forward, challenge established thinking and discover new ways of solving problems. Support client implementations by implementing UI's and system integrations. Assist with scoping and estimating work for business development teams. 3+ years of hands-on experience using:
JavaScript and TypeScript
Modern JavaScript frameworks—such as Angular, React, Vue.js, jQuery
HTTP/RESTful APIs
JavaScript unit tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma)
HTML5/CSS
Chrome/Firefox developer tools to debug issues and solutions
Source control (Git) JavaScript and TypeScript Modern JavaScript frameworks—such as Angular, React, Vue.js, jQuery HTTP/RESTful APIs JavaScript unit tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma) HTML5/CSS Chrome/Firefox developer tools to debug issues and solutions Source control (Git) Experience with any of these is an advantage:
Node.js and npm
Popular UI libraries such as Bootstrap to build semantic and responsive web pages
Web accessibility
Docker containers Node.js and npm Popular UI libraries such as Bootstrap to build semantic and responsive web pages Web accessibility Docker containers 
ScrapedJobID254:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Computer Printer Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Own vehicle Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail MS Windows Internet Database software Programming software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID255:
Develop/modify new/existing features for the Cerence Cloud Service AppServers Play an active role in daily scrums, grooming sessions and sprint planning sessions Curious and not afraid of asking questions Willing to introduce new ideas Aiming at high software development standards Passionate about technology Core Java programming skills Core object-oriented development skills Experience with Git Experience with the Spring Framework Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID256:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks for both browser and server development and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID257:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID258:
Design and develop stunning websites on WordPress (no coding knowledge required) Write engaging content for each website. In most cases, the client will provide a rough draft of the written content, and then you will review and edit everything to make sure that the content is engaging and effectively structured for an elegant design Implement basic SEO tasks (no prior SEO experience is required) Communicate directly with clients (via email, phone, and Zoom) to customize their website, fulfill their unique needs, and exceed their expectations Ask clients to post an online review about their great experience Build and refine the agency’s standard operating procedures (SOPs) to optimize workflows and make the process straightforward for future employees Meet with prospective clients (virtually) to learn about their requirements and convince them to choose Azuro Digital if we’re a good fit for their project. Our owner will lead the sales process, but you will sometimes be asked to provide assistance Provide a portfolio of previous web design work, with an emphasis on quality over quantity. Even if you’ve only built 1 website in the past, you might still be a great fit for this position. The platform on which you built your previous websites doesn’t matter (we just need to know that you’re a good designer). Your portfolio can be delivered in any format (active website URLs, screenshots, design files, etc) and you can also include other types of designs in your portfolio (graphic design, logo design, etc) Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Motivated to take initiative, grow the company, and become a leader Experience with WordPress (especially the Elementor page builder) Experience with Webflow Experience with custom code Logo design experience Graphic design experience SEO experience As our first full-time hire, you will be treated more like a “partner” rather than an employee. You will have a significant impact on shaping the future trajectory of our company Opportunity to eventually take on a leadership role at the company (hiring, training, and managing future designers - in addition to working on the company’s largest and most exciting web design projects) Plenty of room for professional growth and salary increases Work from anywhere. The position is fully remote Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Are you going to submit your application on our website? Here is the link: https://azurodigital.com/job-application/ Yes 
ScrapedJobID259:
understand our agency clients’ needs and issues and help find solutions together with your team analyse and recommend different technology for clients collaborate with the art direction team develop front-end website interfaces based on high-frame mockups created by our design team collaborate with our team of back-end developers work in conjunction with the web development team to enrich internal tools challenge the status quo and push your limits keep your cool and have a good sense of humour hold a degree in computer science or programming have five to seven years of experience in web development are skilled at developing a website’s front-end based on Sketch mockups have mastered CSS 3 / SASS, HTML 5, JavaScript, and PHP (an asset) have a solid understanding of CMS WordPress have a solid understanding of CMS Shopify (an asset) have in-depth experience with Sketch and Photoshop have mastered the concepts of responsive design are resourceful, autonomous, and a natural leader can manage multiple projects at a time want to have your opinion valued enjoy collaborating with others Ideally located in the heart of Montreal (two steps from Peel Metro station) Relaxed work atmosphere Passionate about innovation Able to question ourselves and take nothing for granted We can work from home, or even at the cottage Opportunities to take part in training and conferences A flexible work schedule Access to comprehensive group insurance, including medical and dental Our team and group activities A $250/year health credit And permission to crack open a beer on Thursday afternoons once the work is done Full-time position Salary to be discussed, based on experience Only selected candidates will be contacted 
ScrapedJobID260:
Building reusable components and screens using React/Typescript Collaborating with UI/UX designers to translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Working with the team and stakeholders to continuously deliver features aligned with our vision Collaborating with backend developers to design efficient REST API endpoints that you will leverage in the pages that you build Help improve our internal tooling and deployment processes Strong knowledge of modern JavaScript (ES6) and/or Typescript Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS, SASS and good sense of UX design Strong knowledge of modern frontend frameworks/libraries such as React and state managers like MobX or Redux Experience with continuous delivery (Gitlab pipelines) A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality product is important A knack for benchmarking and optimization Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Ability to communicate (written and spoken) effectively and collaborate with customers and team in an Agile environment (Sprints, SCRUM, Jira boards...) Highly motivated and passionate about technology Experience with Bash & Unix/Linux platforms Experience with Kubernetes Automated test development experience Interest to work with backend technology as well (Java) Familiar with financial market data and/or trading systems Knowledgeable & curious colleagues – From all walks of life and from all over the globe, our team members, whether in a senior, intermediate, or junior position, are more than happy to help you learn faster, who'll love learning from you and also, about you. Collaborative culture – Your input will be sought by other teams across the organization because we know we are all interconnected. You will have a direct impact on the way we do things around here. We built an environment of trust where we know the best work is done together and no one gets left behind. Technical challenges – It’s never a boring day when you constantly leverage your expertise and work with innovative technology to find solutions. You will see your suggestions and recommendations being implemented, having a direct impact on the company’s growth. Growth is encouraged – We embrace advancement and want to make sure that you feel empowered to grow and experience as much as possible while you’re here. We partner with you to guide you on your career objectives in all transparency. We know that one of the best places to find our future leaders/experts is internally and endorse those who have learned and progressed with us! Flexible Remote/Office Work Environment – What suits you best? You can work remotely from home and/or choose to go to our office... or why not both? You choose! Our office space has a great view of the Mount-Royal, plenty of natural light, and not to mention... a keg and pool table. Flexible hours – We recognize that you work hard and we encourage you to take the time to rest and recover when you’ve gone over and above the call of duty to get something done. Competitive benefits – We keep our ear to the market to reward your hard work and compensate you properly. We offer a comprehensive healthcare plan including medical, dental, telemedicine, and so on... 
ScrapedJobID261:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements for improvements on development SDLC regarding development rules, testing, deployment. Using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle JDeveloper, Java, Perl, Jenkins, SonarQube. Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard development support Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct regressive testing to ensure backwards compatibility of the system Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 5 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Knowledge of CI/CD and pipeline Familiarity with Jenkins (and SonarQube is an asset) Repositories: SVN, Git Familiarity with build tools: Maven, Ant, Gradle Strong analytical skills. Knowledge of web security standards. Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper and Weblogic. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL is an asset. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID262:
Participate in software system (PDA) requirements analysis and function design. Participate in technical solution design. Be responsible for code development and document writing. On-time and with high quality to complete the delivery of the work results and ensure the robustness and correctness of the code logic. Be able to quickly locate and fix software bugs in time. Experience in Android development Experience in Java development Experience in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript Experience in UI/UED is preferred Experience in MySQL database Strong communication skills. Teamwork player Experience with Axure is preferred Experience in PDA development is preferred Experience in warehouse management system development is preferred Language: Mandarin (Preferred) 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Mandarin (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID263:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Experience programming in .net or C# Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program Experience creating either web or native mobile applications Experience developing eCommerce solutions Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work 
ScrapedJobID264:
3 years or more experience in front-end programming Mastering HTML5 and CSS3 in responsive web Mastering CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Fundation Good knowledge of PHP Creative and curious Rigorous and strategic Analytical skills Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to express ideas clearly and accurately Collaborative and proactive Ability to solve problems Organized and have excellent work techniques Develop and integrate Web features related to the established user experience Design and implement web pages using best practices in UX/UI, SEO and mobile Participate in creating landing pages for digital campaigns Provide estimates for web development efforts in collaboration with multiple teams Diagnose and solve technical problems Work in collaboration with a multidisciplinary team (web strategist, graphic designer, backend developer) Participate in the realization of functional tests Identify possible solutions for moderately complex situations, evaluate them and make a decision in partnership with the team Keep up to date on Web and emerging technologies. Support the start of production. 
ScrapedJobID265:
Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift web application development: 3 years (preferred) modern cross-browser HTML5, ES6 and CSS, SASS: 3 years (preferred) developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet: 3 years (preferred) developing front-end solutions using HTML, CSS/SCSS: 3 years (preferred) frontend web development using ReactJS: 2 years (preferred) CSS preprocessors , JS package managers, and task runners: 2 years (preferred) PHP, NodeJS: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID266:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou génie logiciel AGILE/ Scrum Maîtrise de: Typescript, Javascript, CSS (Sass,LESS) Connaissances de frameworks tels que: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Connaissance d'outils de test tels que: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Expérience avec: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, flux pattern, etc. Expérience avec les concepts de programmation réactive: Rxjs Avoir des connaissances avec Docker Build tools comme: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility Software engineering experience Bachelor's degree in software engineering or related fields AGILE/ Scrum Expert with: Typescript, Javascript, HTML, CSS (Sass,LESS) Knowledge of frameworks such as: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Knowledge of testing tools such as: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Experience with: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, NgRx, flux pattern, etc. Experience with Docker Build tools such as: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility We are looking for a curious leader who will inspire our development team. Someone able to take a step back and have a global vision of the projects. A person who is not afraid to give his opinion, while respecting that of others. A passionate developer, who likes to grow with the other members of the team. 
ScrapedJobID267:
Core Java Multithreaded development Understands and uses OO concepts Automated Unit and Integration testing experience Maven, Git, Teamcity Able to communicate clearly Swing development experience (plus) Web development with JavaScript (React) (big plus) Financial industry experience specifically with execution and/or order management systems is a plus SQL is a plus Distributed caching (plus) 
ScrapedJobID268:
You’ll have a 2 or 4-year degree in CS/Engineering, be a bootcamp grad, or be self-taught with practical experience. Have at least 2+ years’ experience building native iOS applications in Swift and objective-c Passion for and understanding of Apple brand and products. Comfortable delivering against tight and sometimes shifting deadlines. Have a point of view and an outstanding understanding of UI and the ability to fill design gaps where needed. You are creative and resourceful and know how to think different. Build outstanding mobile interfaces for two-wheelers. Integrate APIs and back-end services. Develop app architecture and components. Write well designed, efficient, Swift code including but not limited to Location Services, Mapping and consuming REST-based APIs Support continuous improvement by staying up-to-date with the rapidly evolving iOS universe. Manage GIT repositories. Build for 90%+ unit test coverage. 
ScrapedJobID269:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Knowledge and experience with JavaScript and NodeJS Previous experience with AWS (Elastic Beanstalk, DynamoDB, ElastiCache) a strong asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Curiosity and a strong desire to learn Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID270:
Assesses impact of design decisions to the computer solution/product/service being developed (i.e. performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommends alternate/creative solutions for mitigation/optimization if required. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Leads and implements initiatives as required to deliver business objectives. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders and ensures alignment. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Leads/conducts detailed code-reviews and provides feedback in a constructive manner. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
Qualifications: Typically between 5 - 7 years of relevant experience and/or certification in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced level of knowledge in domain. Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages and can code with little oversight. Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID271:
8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID272:
Develop and maintain modular front-end components within a library used by all of our products; Develop new application modules (micro-frontends) for our web platforms; Participate in the continuous evolution of our application platforms; Support and maintain our current solutions. Participation in the agile scrum development process; Pair programming, code review; Collaboration with other teams (Back-end developers, integrators, designers, content managers, mobile developers) Main technologies: Javascript Fundamentals + ES6 React (intermediate level) Experience in the development of applications or application modules (SPA with SSR) Experience with “States management” (Context API, Redux, etc.) Experience with recent React developments (hooks, Suspense, etc.) Node + npm (yarn) Git or equivalent versioning system HTML; CSS / SCSS. SASS / SCSS Angular 2.x Java Spring & Spring Boot Hibernate MySql Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis Application servers (Tomcat, Apache, Nginx) REST and / or micro-service oriented architecture Work in a Cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent) You are comfortable with HTML and CSS, responsiveness and compatibility issues between different web browsers. You have demonstrated, through past experiences, good problem-solving skills, autonomy, versatility, resourcefulness, attention to detail, an ability to work under pressure and in a team. You are comfortable designing and configuring distributed systems. You have good verbal and written communication skills in French and a working knowledge of English. Work in a cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent). Experience with agile methodologies. 3 years of experience in the field. Located in Griffintown near public transportation Hybrid work: In the office and teleworking Full group insurance from day 1 Unlimited virtual medical clinic for you and your family Flexible hours Computer equipment provided for your home and office Beautiful work environment, open and modern ambiance Social activities, Team dinners, and more! 
ScrapedJobID273:
Maintain clean and functional codebase for both frontend and backend services Work closely with operation team members to understand moderately complex product requirements, and translate them into software designs Collaborate with engineering, product management, and other teams in an agile environment to design, develop, test, and maintain SavvyPro’s core web ecosystem Successfully implement development processes, coding best practices, and code reviews Take ownership of the modules, and always be ready to share the knowledge with the team Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline 1-3 years experience with frontend web development (HTML/CSS/JS, ReactJS/VueJS/AngularJS) 1-3 years experience with backend api development using NodeJS, Python or Golang Knowledge of MySQL/PostgreSQL [SQL] and MongoDB [NoSQL] databases Good verbal and written communication skills for documenting workflows, tools, or complex areas of a codebase Experience with CI/CD, Message Queue and ElasticSearch is considered an asset Employee discount Referral program 8 hour shift Frontend Development: 1-3 years RESTful/GraphQL APIs: 1-3 years NodeJS, Python or Golang: 1-3 years Mandarin (Preferred) Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift Front-end development: 1 year (preferred) NodeJS, Python or Golang: 1 year (preferred) Mandarin (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID274:
Working closely with stakeholders to understand business requirements and help translate these into technical requirements for the development team. Mentoring junior team members and ensuring they adhere to determined software quality standards. Turning a custom design into a fully functional website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Creating custom Shopify themes and functionality based on designs provided by designers. Migration of website data Tailoring user experience and providing feedback to designers Production, modification, and maintenance of websites and web application user interfaces. Advise on user interface best practices to meet performance and client requirements Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Implementing responsive design for all websites Implementing a fully mobile experience for mobile users Cross-browser testing Testing the site during development for usability and fixing any bugs Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Mentoring an internal development team Project management of development projects 4+ years of Front-End Web Development experience Proven experience working with eCommerce platforms such as Magento, WooCommerce and/or BigCommerce Proficient in client-side technologies including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SCSS Strong understanding of CSS and its cross-browser quirks, a keen eye for details and an ability to write scalable and maintainable CSS Proficient with front end Javascript, familiar with React (or similar front end framework) Git experience Working knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite with expertise in Photoshop and Illustrator and/or Sketch, and prototyping tools including working with Figma files. Experience building Shopify templates using Shopify Liquid and JSON. A background in Ruby on Rails OR Node.js is a plus! Experience in working collaboratively with wireframes and technical specifications for interactive websites A preference for working in a creative team environment, complemented by an ability to self-manage for deadlines Ability to work with multiple deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced, changing environment Ability to adapt and to solve problems proactively and creatively Competitive benefits Frequent company recreational outings Flexible start and end times as well as remote availability. Opportunity to grow your career in a thriving market. Relaxed yet professional environment Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Shopify: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID275:
Training in software development; Training in financial markets, project management and consultancy skills; Gaining practical project work experience and working in an agile team; Hands-on training from some of the leading consultants in the industry; Working with high-profile clients using the latest technology stacks; Experienced, supportive, smart and friendly colleagues; Working alongside grads from our other offices. A strong interest and understanding of front-end technologies like JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3; Understand basic networking such as HTTP and TCP/IP; Some coding experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, C# or similar. This could have been gained at university, job or placement; Armed with a strong desire to progress and learn; A quick learner with excellent communication skills to efficiently leverage the knowledge of more experienced members of the team; BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Maths or Science (as long as you are interested in coding) or equivalent (we are flexible for candidates with real, hands-on experience). 23 days vacation Health insurance (dental and medical) Short-term disability and long-term disability Commuter benefits Employee Assistance Programme Life Insurance Pension scheme Gym plan 
ScrapedJobID276:
From concept to deployment, drive the end-to-end lifecycle of new features in Crescendo’s platforms Contribute to technical decision-making Grow - at Crescendo we believe in continuous improvement, and you’ll be able to use your annual learning budget to develop your skills with courses and conferences You’re comfortable picking up new stacks and choosing the right tool to get the job done. Even better, you’re comfortable with not just one but several technologies from our stack: primarily Node, and Go and Python are an asset You have recent hands-on experience coding and reviewing code, and designing systems and APIs You have experience architecturing secure, reliable systems to power innovative in-app experiences at scale You have experience managing technical debt and feature development to continuously deliver user value without compromising technical quality You have web experience with Progressive Web Apps including React and Typescript You've got experience working with AWS and Kafka or RabbitMQ You’ve got experience working with GraphQL, MongoDB, Postgres and Redis You’ve got experience with modern development technologies (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, etc) You take ownership and feel responsible for the product as a whole You’ve got experience guiding a team through successful architectural and/or technical decisions You’re adaptable - you have experience working on a dynamic product that is ever-changing and evolving rapidly You’re accomplished in your field and have practical experience with a variety of technologies You always write unit and integration tests, and understand that we are only as strong as our weakest link 
ScrapedJobID277:
Collaborating with a multi-disciplinary team to understand system/application requirements and recommend appropriate solutions; including Designers, Core Marketing Staff, and QA Analysts Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize app features Tracking and planning project progress through a Project Management System (E.g., JIRA) Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Keeping up to date with the latest trends and best practices in the mobile industry Work on bug fixing and improving app performance by utilizing various toolkits Enrolled in a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent program (expected graduation date 2022 or later ) Practical experience developing natively in iOS is an asset High degree of knowledge with Social API’s, especially Facebook, Slack etc. is preferred Knowledgeable of Web technologies such as HTML and JavaScript Self-motivated and willing to take initiative in problem solving and learning is an asset A passion for code quality and adherence to standards Experience working with a version control system, especially GIT Keen eye for details and quality at both the code level and the app UX Knowledge or Experience in full life-cycle development of mobile applications in iOS and android Knowledge or Experience with iOS 8+ SDK, AutoLayout, Storyboards, CoreData, and XCode Knowledge or Experience in object oriented programming knowledge (E.g., Objective-C) Knowledge or Experience working with remote data via REST, third-party libraries, APIs and JSON Knowledge or Experience parsing XML / JSON Competitive compensation Flexible working hours A progressive and challenging workplace with commitment to innovation, teamwork and integrity. 
ScrapedJobID278:
Deliver well-documented projects and source code Testing, staging, and production releases Participate in all aspects of the software development cycle Providing ownership & driving projects to completion Coordinate and participate in quality control to ensure deliveries are met Collaborating with design to create optimized future specifications Bachelor's in relevant field Minimum of 3 years of experience developing web applications/ service 3 years of experience as a Python Developer; Thorough understanding and demonstrated experience in Object Oriented Design Strong understanding of design patterns and capable of incorporating them in software design The opportunity for your contributions to make a meaningful impact. The opportunity to work alongside a tech founder who is also an oral maxillofacial surgeon Equity in the business - ownership is a key value at Sowingo and we want you to share in our long-term success Competitive salary commensurate with experience Medical, dental and vision benefits package Vacations which are encouraged to recharge Dental care On-site parking Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) python development: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID279:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID280:
Excellent communication skills. Detail-oriented. Self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. Solid interpersonal skills. Demonstrated initiative and maturity. Highly organized and energetic team player. University Degree in Computer Science or equivalent. Microsoft VB.NET or C# Microsoft SQL Server or MySQL Object-oriented analysis, design, and programming JavaScript Web Services Microsoft .NET Framework 
ScrapedJobID281:
Take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project while incorporating guidance from your mentor, manager, and peers. Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end to help build the future of Pinterest Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable Communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities Pursuing a CS degree (or related field) 2+ years of CS classes under your belt (Intro to CS and Algorithms, Advanced Algorithms, Operating Systems and Data Structures are all great!) Aptitude for JavaScript, CSS, C++, HTML, Python, Java, Go–we use a variety of programming languages and tools Non-academic coding experience (i.e. hack-a-thons, code challenges, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, volunteer coding experience, conference participation, etc.) A curious nature with a desire to tackle and solve complex problems 
ScrapedJobID282:
Design, build and test web-based applications and edit site content for various components using content management system CMS. Create and manage web pages, add edit content and upload remove documents using CMS. Maintain website standards and comply with predefined design guidelines. Utilize best practices in web screen design and learn about different middleware platforms to source and update data through web screens as specified in functional requirements Work closely with design, business, and technical counterparts 4+ years of experience working on Mobile Frontend Development 3+ years of professional hands-on React JS/React Native Development experience Must be bilingual (Proficiency in French and English) Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React Native, AngularJS, React JS and jQuery. Proficiency in Cross-browser and device testing and understanding of web performance optimization (WPO) and Search engine optimization (SEO) principles Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure Banking industry experience Competitive benefits, including a fair and balanced parental leave policy. Fantastic opportunities to develop your career across industries, local and global clients Performance Achievement and Career Mentorship – our performance management process that focuses on your strengths, progress and career possibilities. Opportunities to get involved in corporate citizenship initiatives, from volunteering to doing charity work. 
ScrapedJobID283:
Develop multi-tier enterprise level web applications using C# .NET MVC and SQL Server and enhancements for existing projects using industry best practice and site standards Collaborate in planning and design of new features Taking ownership of R&D projects to integrate third-party applications Optimize codebase for better performance and robustness Post-secondary degree/diploma in Computer Science or Software Engineering 2-5 years of relevant experience Ability to quickly learn Self-starter who is comfortable in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment Highly motivated and detail oriented Able to perform well under tight deadlines C#.Net MVC 4 or MVC 5 C# Razor Syntax JavaScript/jQuery Entity Framework ORM SQL Server 2008 or later – previous experience working with tables, views, stored procedures, and user-defined functions HTML5/CSS Bootstrap 3 Integration of third-party tools Git/GitHub AJAX JSON Mobile responsive design Microsoft Office (Word/Excel/PowerPoint) Experience with Agile process is an asset Knowledge of Jira is an asset Experience with SSO is an asset 
ScrapedJobID284:
Work with a team to develop and extend the Sentry product by writing software in either Python or JavaScript (or both) Be responsible for full software development lifecycle - design, development, testing, and operating in production Communicate effectively with other engineers in the same team, with other teams, and with various other stakeholders (such as product managers) Act on feedback, coaching, and mentorship from your manager and teammates You want to actively use the product you're building (we dogfood Sentry every day) You want to start your career at a high-growth startup You want to join a modern software development team that iterates & ships code rapidly You're excited at the opportunity to contribute to an open-source project every day B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or similar degree program) graduating in Fall 2021 or Spring 2022 At least 1 previous internship or equivalent practical experience Implementation skills with one or more general-purpose programming languages, e.g. Python, JavaScript, Java, etc. Good knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented design principles Experience working with version control and unit testing The start date is September 2022 Competitive salary and meaningful equity 100% medical, dental, and vision coverage for employees, 75% company-paid for dependents Monthly commuter subsidy Learning & Development stipend Charitable matching program Generous parental leave policy Flexible working schedule and vacation policy, work from home policy, and real work/life balance Catered lunches Company events (Hack Weeks, All Hands, quarterly social events) and friends and family events Relocation assistance - you are living in, or willing to relocate to, Toronto, Canada area 
ScrapedJobID285:
5+ years developing web applications. 5+ years experience programming in JavaScript. 3+ years experience using web frameworks such as React + Redux. 3+ experience with modern tooling and systems such as Webpack. 3+ years experience using HTML5 and CSS3. Experience with CSS supersets such as SASS and LESS is desirable. Experience with testing processes and tools. Experience with agile development methodologies. Ability to construct intuitive performance and user interfaces from mock-ups. Experience and strong understanding of React, Redux, and modern JS paradigms. Experience integrating into RESTful APIs and web sockets. Ability to read and understand serialization formats such as JSON and XML. Experience with SCM systems such as Git and Mercurial. Experience architecting complex web applications. Experience building progressive web applications and native applications. Some exposure to SQL-based databases. Some exposure to Linux. A friendly and collaborative environment Fitness subsidy program Free coffee and snacks Work from home opportunities A workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line – accessible by car, subway, bus (TTC/GO) 
ScrapedJobID286:
A university degree or college diploma in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a combination of education and previous experience would be considered Strong analytical skills for complex and creative problem solving Experience in object-oriented software development Automated testing Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills; able to work closely with team members Java Experience using JavaScript, CSS, REST Previous experience working with Core Banking Systems Amazon Web Services Intelligent systems, artificial intelligence and data science Distributed computing Database technologies (PostgresSQL) Big data technologies Data extraction, manipulation/cleansing and integration 
ScrapedJobID287:
Design, build, evolve, and maintain the foundational front-end of the Agility CMS platform design components used by the other members of your team, as well as by developers who use Agility to build integrations. Build the UI changes that will help increase the productivity of users and developers working with the platform. Build a great experience for people using Agility CMS. Build UI components, libraries, and tools, that power the platform that impacts every Agility user, whether they’re an editor, developer, or partner. Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, scalable, secure, and extensible. Help drive sound technical decision-making and lead technical conversations with other teams across Agility. Cares deeply about consistency, usability, and speed Knows their way around the modern frontend ecosystem and has worked on complex web applications with a global user base Can debug problems that span systems and design solutions that span the whole stack Is energized by focusing on the needs of our users, both internal and external Holds themselves and others to a high bar when working with production systems Writes high-quality code and is willing to work outside frontend technologies Is adept at clear, concise, well-organized written communication about their work Has at least 3 years of experience as a software engineer You will be building and maintaining the web applications that power the Agility Content Manager. It's a complex product with lots of JavaScript to support and improve upon. You'll also be working on our design system components that will be used both internally for building applications and externally by teams building UI Extensions to the platform. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday Expert in using React.js or Vue.js Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID288:
Be a contributing member of our software team Ensure our practices improve through iterative changes Establish and follow enterprise level coding standards Collaborate with our Global development team Facilitate great product outcomes by collaborating with our architecture and design teams Must have at least 3 years of professional software development experience, including at least 2 years of experience with C# or ASP.NET. .NET core experience is a plus. Must have at least 2 years of JavaScript front-end development experience. Experience with React.JS is a plus. Experience with distributed source control systems, preferably git. Experience with consuming, developing, deploying, and supporting RESTful Web APIs and/or web services is highly desired. Familiar with different software development methodologies and concepts such as design patterns, aspect-oriented programming, continuous integration, and delivery (CI/CD), unit tests, TDD, and BDD, and infrastructure as code. Ability to gather aspect requirements from a variety of internal and external stakeholders with different knowledge levels Familiar and comfortable with remote work. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, especially dealing with rules-based complexity. Excellent communicator who can facilitate technical discussions and decision making as well as communicate engineering ideas to technical and non-technical audiences alike. Experience with document accessibility concepts (WCAG, PDF/UA requirements) Experience with developing and maintaining software solutions that require rules-based complexity at scale Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift How many years of JavaScript experience? Ho many years of React experience? 
ScrapedJobID289:
To develop in a startup company in a phase of hypergrowth. To work on stimulating technological challenges that really match your level of expertise. To work for a company that actively invests in your continued education and professional development so that you can push your limits. To benefit from concrete advancement opportunities within a growing company. Bilingual (French and English). Have you been proficient in PHP 5 and 7 for years or are you into MySQL, MariaDB and MongoDB? Do you speak Laravel, Symfony, Magento, Drupal or Wordpress? Have you befriended Git or Sourcetree and are familiar with code reviews? Do you dream at night in Node.js, Vue, js, React or Angular? Are you as comfortable with Docker like you may be on your couch? Cordova or Electron turns you on? PHPStorm is like an old pair of jeans to you? Improve people's lives by delivering ambitious technological results Support businesses in the region with their growth objectives by developing new solutions to existing problems Improve and share your knowledge by attending training sessions and “OpenMind University” every week Apply your know-how by bringing new ideas Work on stimulating projects for major clients Work in a team with people like you who are passionate about technology 
ScrapedJobID290:
Develop, code, install, test, debug, and document Web applications Ensure security of all Web sites and related applications Participate in the on-call application support rotation University degree, preferably in the field of Computer Science Minimum 2 years of Software development experience Strong understanding of Internet programming languages (Java, Angular JS, JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, XHTML, CSS, CSS3, jQuery) Content Management System experience would be an asset, specifically Adobe Experience Manager Prior Investment or Mutual Fund experience is an asset Excellent written and verbal communications Strong attention to detail with innovative problem-solving abilities Ability to work independently while being in a team environment Technical insight and experience to inform, guide, challenge and support technical decisions Commitment to continuously evolve skills and keep up to date with latest technology Canada’s Top 100 Employers (5th consecutive year) 2021 Greater Toronto’s Top Employers (9th consecutive year) 2021 Canada’s Top Family Friendly Employer (4th consecutive year) 2021 Imagine Canada, Caring Company Canada’s Top Employer For Young People 2021 National HR Awards - Best Corporate Social Responsibility Program Award, Venngo Healthy Workplaces Award Workplace Benefits Awards – Health and Wellness Program Canadian Compassionate Companies Award A Canadian Compassionate Company An Imagine Canada Caring Company 
ScrapedJobID291:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar). A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of Excel and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID292:
Strong Python Backend development experience. Proficiency with server side languages Python. Self starter who wants to learn about the Data domain and is open to learning new technologies. Strong communication skills. Secondary skills - Proficiency with front end development such as Angular, React. Exposure in Javascript ES6 features. Work in angular 6 Frameworks. Using an agile iterative approach for software delivery. Good analytical and Problem solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID293:
Design, develop, deploy, and maintain software solutions with a focus on quality and simplicity, keeping performance, maintainability, and reliability in mind Communicate effectively with the team members to identify and resolve technical issues Work closely with the product team to understand and implement the business requirements Follow standards and processes to complete and support application projects 1-4 years of experience in software development Interest in health care and how technology can be used to improve it Experience working with modern web technologies and cloud-based solutions A self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision and adapt to the changing needs of a project Effective communication skills with technical and non-technical team members in a fully remote working environment A desire for continuous growth through mentorship, peer review, and individual contributions A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field Proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, React Native, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres Experience with SQL, TypeORM or other ORM frameworks Experience with AWS and CircleCI Commitment to your development and growth through a professional development budget, in-house coaching, and mentorship Work remotely at a company that has been remote-first for years Work with a high-energy, fast-paced, and high-performing team Salary: 75-110k/year, commensurate with experience + benefits package Necessary equipment and tools to enable you to do your best work A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to make a tremendous impact on the vision and success of the company Profit sharing and paid vacation Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Are you eligible to work in Canada without employer sponsorship? Yes 
ScrapedJobID294:
Analyzes technical specifications and engineering requirements. Prepares detailed software verification test plans. Collaborates with the support team to provide an unsurpassed customer experience. Coordinates all stages of the development cycle in collaboration with the project lead. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering, College degree in Computer Science Technology, or equivalent from an accredited institution. Experience and interest in Web development. Proficiency with HTML, TypeScript/JavaScript, CSS, Angular. Fluency in English, French (working proficiency). Must be legally authorized to work in Canada without company sponsorship. Day shift C#, C++ and Python: 1 year (preferred) SQL Server and Oracle: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID295:
Conduct tactical development to solve real time problems for officers in the field. Engage with operational stakeholders to ensure requirements & objectives are understood and met to ensure the best possible solution for the operation. Collaborate with domestic & foreign intelligence partners to solve problems, conduct joint projects and share technical knowledge. Computer Science with a software or network/computer security focus. Engineering with a software or network/computer security focus. Experience developing software using one (1) or more of the following compiled languages C/C++, C#, objective C, Java. Experience developing software using one (1) or more of the following scripting languages: Perl, Python, Bash, Lua, Javascript. Experience adhering to software development best practices and software design methodologies. Experience working with network protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, SSL, DNS) Experience with configuring and/or manipulating networking devices or their software stacks (e.g. WiFi access points, switches, routers, firewalls, etc). Experience in mobile application development on mobile operating systems Experience in development involving the use of encryption and cryptographic algorithms Experience developing applications accessing RDBMS databases such as : Oracle, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing applications accessing queues such as : Rabbit Q, MQSeries Experience developing applications processing a high volume of data in a mission critical and high availability environment, using parallel processing, threading techniques and clustering approach Innovation/Creativity/Ingenuity Adaptability/Flexibility Communication Problem Solving Collaboration English Essential Bilingual non-imperative (BBB/BBB) Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID296:
Develop scalable APIs, Micro Services and web applications with an emphasis on quality Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, reliable and secure code using TDD principles Supporting, improving and sharing coding best practices with teams and internal developer community as well as teamwork and partner management with the broader team Work in Agile team (Scrum, Kanban) a passion for Agile methodology but the flexibility to think outside the scrum Excellent knowledge of industry direction and trends within API and Web Services including Web application development Development of sophisticated API and micro services in an enterprise environment Develop design documents to meet both functional and non-functional requirements for API and Micro Services in an enterprise environment Design and code reviews to ensure alignment with best practices, quality, performance, and security Lead problem resolution for sophisticated API and micro services issues Develop CI/CD improvements in the API and micro services development practice Translate application storyboards, use cases and stories into functional applications and services Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Participate in all scrum meetings demos / showcases with a strong voice at the table Think on your feet, collaborate with your team and others, and you enjoy taking ownership for your work Lead team on modern technology and introduction into core solutions You have a passion for solving problems across all areas of the business Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications and services Negotiating, collaborating, influencing, effectively challenging and gaining dedication (impact and influence) in a teamwork setting. University Degree in Computer Science or IT equivalent Minimum 3 to 5 years of experience in building modern scalable API services and web applications. 1+ year experience building modern scalable API Services and Web Applications nice to have. Leader in developing and consuming REST and SOAP based Services. Experience with Spring MVC or any other Java frameworks Experience with Middleware technologies including Fuse and Websphere Message Broker Experience with Jenkins pipelines and continuous delivery models Experience with NoSql databases like MongoDB Good understanding of Authentication / Authorization protocols and general security best practices Experience with Spring MVC or any other Java frameworks Knowledge of modern software engineering practices like Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Continuous integration (Jenkins). Nodejs architecture and experience with architecting and developing Nodejs / Express based applications in a micro services environment Exposure to Git (Source Code Management) Knowledge of Insurance industry & Guidewire is a plus Knowledge of AWS to help move on premise services to the Cloud Spring Boot, Docker, Angular, JBoss, NodeJS, Oracle, MongoDB, Ansible, Maven, Jira, Java, Fuse, Confluence, Bitbucket, Bamboo, GIT, Jenkins, AWS, SonarQube Good understanding of crafting back-end services – REST/SOAP etc. Good understanding of middleware and the importance of APIs TDD & BDD practices within agile delivery model Competitive rewards package including base compensation, eligibility for annual bonus, retirement savings, share plan, health benefits, personal wellness, and volunteer opportunities. Exceptional Career Development opportunities. We’ll support your professional development education. 
ScrapedJobID297:
Coding in a proactive optic while respecting standards and specifications, with a minimum of bugs and errors; Collaborating with other developers to update existing standards and document projects; Playing a leadership role, proposing and implementing best practices; Acting as a mentor for colleagues who are less experienced and/or have difficulties; Sharing your knowledge with internal and external teams: technical processes, methodologies, and concepts; Collaborating with UI and UX designers, the creative director, project managers, and other relevant teams to deliver digital and multi-platform products that reflect our standards of excellence; Working with clients during technical design and implementation phases. +4 years of experience in front-end development; Excellent knowledge in 1 or many JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js or React.js and Node.js. Experience in a context of integration with back-end resources via AJAX/REST API/GraphQL, good knowledge of integration with external APIs (Google, Facebook, etc.); Knowledge of HTML/HTML5 and CSS2/3, SASS; Experience in CSS animation and animation libraries (GSAO, Three.js, Anime.js, etc.); Experience and interest in implementing web accessibility standards (WCAG); Experience with management tools (Git) in a teamwork setting (several developers working at the same time on the same repository); Knowledge of Gulp, Jenkins, Webpack, and ability to create and update their respective tasks; Love to stay up to date on development methodologies and best practices; Agency experience (an asset); Experience and appreciation to work in an Agile environment (an asset). Large-scale digital projects created for clients around the world; Agile (hybrid) mandates supported by Jira and Confluence softwares; Code reviews, pairing tests, CI/CD pipelines; An individual development plan supported by our continuing education platforms; Enriching collaboration with 149 passionate experts, all thoughtfully selected. 
ScrapedJobID298:

ScrapedJobID299:
Participate in the design of the Platform-as-a-Service web pages to ensure a good user experience; Develop user-friendly interfaces while seeking optimal performance; Write reusable code aiming optimal and easily maintainable solutions that will enhance the platform’s quality; Propose ideas for improvement of the applications, procedures, and technologies used; Perform coding review and test the code through unit testing, integration testing and automation testing; Create prototypes for internal clients or other internal customers; Seek opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base as well as proficiency regarding processes. Solid experience as a front-end developer in large-scale projects with distributed teams working in Agile; Proficient with JavaScript ES6, ES, AJAX, and with frameworks such as Vue.js, React or similar, ; Familiar with Unit Testing / Integration Testing / Automation Testing; Knowledge in NodeJS ecosystem is an asset; Exposure to DevOps, Gitlab, CI/CD and containers Docker is considered a plus; Having good interpersonal and communication skills – bilingual English and French both written and orally. 
ScrapedJobID300:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID301:
Analyzes technical specifications and engineering requirements. Prepares detailed software verification test plans. Collaborates with the support team to provide an unsurpassed customer experience. Coordinates all stages of the development cycle in collaboration with the project lead. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering, College degree in Computer Science Technology, or equivalent from an accredited institution. Experience and interest in Web development. Proficiency with HTML, TypeScript/JavaScript, CSS, Angular. Fluency in English, French (working proficiency). Must be legally authorized to work in Canada without company sponsorship. Day shift C#, C++ and Python: 1 year (preferred) SQL Server and Oracle: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID302:
Conduct tactical development to solve real time problems for officers in the field. Engage with operational stakeholders to ensure requirements & objectives are understood and met to ensure the best possible solution for the operation. Collaborate with domestic & foreign intelligence partners to solve problems, conduct joint projects and share technical knowledge. Computer Science with a software or network/computer security focus. Engineering with a software or network/computer security focus. Experience developing software using one (1) or more of the following compiled languages C/C++, C#, objective C, Java. Experience developing software using one (1) or more of the following scripting languages: Perl, Python, Bash, Lua, Javascript. Experience adhering to software development best practices and software design methodologies. Experience working with network protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, SSL, DNS) Experience with configuring and/or manipulating networking devices or their software stacks (e.g. WiFi access points, switches, routers, firewalls, etc). Experience in mobile application development on mobile operating systems Experience in development involving the use of encryption and cryptographic algorithms Experience developing applications accessing RDBMS databases such as : Oracle, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing applications accessing queues such as : Rabbit Q, MQSeries Experience developing applications processing a high volume of data in a mission critical and high availability environment, using parallel processing, threading techniques and clustering approach Innovation/Creativity/Ingenuity Adaptability/Flexibility Communication Problem Solving Collaboration English Essential Bilingual non-imperative (BBB/BBB) Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID303:
Develop scalable APIs, Micro Services and web applications with an emphasis on quality Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, reliable and secure code using TDD principles Supporting, improving and sharing coding best practices with teams and internal developer community as well as teamwork and partner management with the broader team Work in Agile team (Scrum, Kanban) a passion for Agile methodology but the flexibility to think outside the scrum Excellent knowledge of industry direction and trends within API and Web Services including Web application development Development of sophisticated API and micro services in an enterprise environment Develop design documents to meet both functional and non-functional requirements for API and Micro Services in an enterprise environment Design and code reviews to ensure alignment with best practices, quality, performance, and security Lead problem resolution for sophisticated API and micro services issues Develop CI/CD improvements in the API and micro services development practice Translate application storyboards, use cases and stories into functional applications and services Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Participate in all scrum meetings demos / showcases with a strong voice at the table Think on your feet, collaborate with your team and others, and you enjoy taking ownership for your work Lead team on modern technology and introduction into core solutions You have a passion for solving problems across all areas of the business Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications and services Negotiating, collaborating, influencing, effectively challenging and gaining dedication (impact and influence) in a teamwork setting. University Degree in Computer Science or IT equivalent Minimum 3 to 5 years of experience in building modern scalable API services and web applications. 1+ year experience building modern scalable API Services and Web Applications nice to have. Leader in developing and consuming REST and SOAP based Services. Experience with Spring MVC or any other Java frameworks Experience with Middleware technologies including Fuse and Websphere Message Broker Experience with Jenkins pipelines and continuous delivery models Experience with NoSql databases like MongoDB Good understanding of Authentication / Authorization protocols and general security best practices Experience with Spring MVC or any other Java frameworks Knowledge of modern software engineering practices like Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Continuous integration (Jenkins). Nodejs architecture and experience with architecting and developing Nodejs / Express based applications in a micro services environment Exposure to Git (Source Code Management) Knowledge of Insurance industry & Guidewire is a plus Knowledge of AWS to help move on premise services to the Cloud Spring Boot, Docker, Angular, JBoss, NodeJS, Oracle, MongoDB, Ansible, Maven, Jira, Java, Fuse, Confluence, Bitbucket, Bamboo, GIT, Jenkins, AWS, SonarQube Good understanding of crafting back-end services – REST/SOAP etc. Good understanding of middleware and the importance of APIs TDD & BDD practices within agile delivery model Competitive rewards package including base compensation, eligibility for annual bonus, retirement savings, share plan, health benefits, personal wellness, and volunteer opportunities. Exceptional Career Development opportunities. We’ll support your professional development education. 
ScrapedJobID304:
Coding in a proactive optic while respecting standards and specifications, with a minimum of bugs and errors; Collaborating with other developers to update existing standards and document projects; Playing a leadership role, proposing and implementing best practices; Acting as a mentor for colleagues who are less experienced and/or have difficulties; Sharing your knowledge with internal and external teams: technical processes, methodologies, and concepts; Collaborating with UI and UX designers, the creative director, project managers, and other relevant teams to deliver digital and multi-platform products that reflect our standards of excellence; Working with clients during technical design and implementation phases. +4 years of experience in front-end development; Excellent knowledge in 1 or many JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js or React.js and Node.js. Experience in a context of integration with back-end resources via AJAX/REST API/GraphQL, good knowledge of integration with external APIs (Google, Facebook, etc.); Knowledge of HTML/HTML5 and CSS2/3, SASS; Experience in CSS animation and animation libraries (GSAO, Three.js, Anime.js, etc.); Experience and interest in implementing web accessibility standards (WCAG); Experience with management tools (Git) in a teamwork setting (several developers working at the same time on the same repository); Knowledge of Gulp, Jenkins, Webpack, and ability to create and update their respective tasks; Love to stay up to date on development methodologies and best practices; Agency experience (an asset); Experience and appreciation to work in an Agile environment (an asset). Large-scale digital projects created for clients around the world; Agile (hybrid) mandates supported by Jira and Confluence softwares; Code reviews, pairing tests, CI/CD pipelines; An individual development plan supported by our continuing education platforms; Enriching collaboration with 149 passionate experts, all thoughtfully selected. 
ScrapedJobID305:

ScrapedJobID306:
Participate in the design of the Platform-as-a-Service web pages to ensure a good user experience; Develop user-friendly interfaces while seeking optimal performance; Write reusable code aiming optimal and easily maintainable solutions that will enhance the platform’s quality; Propose ideas for improvement of the applications, procedures, and technologies used; Perform coding review and test the code through unit testing, integration testing and automation testing; Create prototypes for internal clients or other internal customers; Seek opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base as well as proficiency regarding processes. Solid experience as a front-end developer in large-scale projects with distributed teams working in Agile; Proficient with JavaScript ES6, ES, AJAX, and with frameworks such as Vue.js, React or similar, ; Familiar with Unit Testing / Integration Testing / Automation Testing; Knowledge in NodeJS ecosystem is an asset; Exposure to DevOps, Gitlab, CI/CD and containers Docker is considered a plus; Having good interpersonal and communication skills – bilingual English and French both written and orally. 
ScrapedJobID307:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID308:
Monitor and report on database and application failures and errors. Respond to production incidents and support requests from business users and software development teams. Analyze database and application problems and determine the best way to resolve them. Execute database procedures including backups, upgrades, recovery and migration. Write simple to complex SQL commands to query data, fix bugs and implement enhancements. Profile database server usage and perform database server maintenance to ensure stability and performance of the systems. Document system operations, runbooks and troubleshooting procedures. Collaborate with business users and application developers. Minimum of 5 years experience with SQL development Experience with administration of Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft SSIS Experience with Crystal Reports, InfoView, Insurance industry knowledge and familiarity with ITIL processes would be an advantage. Strong problem solving and analytical skills to proactively identify system problems and minimize database downtime Strong communication. Self starter and self directed. Family-friendly benefits and vacation time Annual training budget and professional development for fulltime employees The flexibility of a software consulting environment; project variety, adapting to new business domains, and building complex applications Ability to flex your creativity muscle, and have your opinions heard A work culture where you’ll look forward to coming in every day Downtown Toronto location (easily accessible by public transit) 
ScrapedJobID309:
PeopleSoft HCM and FSCM 9.1 or higher PeopleTools 8.53 or higher Proficient with PeopleSoft application development tools such as Application Designer, PeopleCode, Component Interface, Application Engine, BI Publisher, SQR Experience implementing, supporting and customizing PeopleSoft systems Experience integrating applications with various formats including flat-file (CSV), XML, and SOAP Experience with PeopleSoft Integration Broker, web-services, SOAP, and WSDL Experience with providing technical instruction and technical training Upgrade experience preferred Strong written and oral communications skills and good time management skills Detail oriented with solid analytical, troubleshooting, and organizational and decision making skills. Ability to work well with others and to develop/maintain productive business relationships. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast paced environment with competing demands and work under pressure Ability to work with ill-defined client specifications to understand and develop requirements Self-sufficient in prioritizing individual work, meeting deadlines, forecasting efforts with minimal guidance and direction Strong customer service orientation 
ScrapedJobID310:
Sublime Text Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery React.js SASS Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Large caseload Tight deadlines MS Windows Linux Internet Database software JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Extranet Intranet Presentation software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Flexibility Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Values and ethics Reliability Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID311:
Hands on work experience with projects Teamwork and individual contributions Exposure to knowledgeable and passionate subject matter experts Collaborative work environments Improve time and project management skills Diverse work force Computer Science Computer and Electrical Engineering Engineering in technical areas Network Security Information Technology Telecommunications Use programming language such as, but not limited to: Java, C#, Javascript, Python, C/C++ and Go. Perform development and integration of software systems using Pega Business Process Management (BPM) rules engine. Build tools, APIs, native or web based frontends. Interact with end users and provide recommendations. Participate in designing, programming, testing, documenting and optimizing solutions. Learn best practices through mentorship and code review. Support or modernize legacy applications. Develop tools for the delivery and processing of telecommunications data. Test and maintain mobile devices using networking protocols and software development tools. Analyze and configure LAN/WAN communications networks and appliances. Maintain, support and administer of LAN/WAN. Research latest security practices. Validate operational tools and make recommendations for improvements to standard practices. Apply network security best practices involving commercial hardware and software. Develop software tools and scripts for system security audits. Assess/provide/use/validate secure network infrastructure for technical solutions.. Test vulnerability of products or software, proof of concepts, refine requirements and conduct research. Installation, configuration and support of security related products. Conduct in depth security assessments including but not limited to Statements of Sensitivity (SOS), Security Reviews, Threat and Risk Assessments (TRA) and Certification & Accreditations (C&A) or Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A). Obtain solid foundation of Government of Canada IT Security standards. Learn how to work in a Security Operations Center environment. Familiarization with Wireless Intruder Detection Systems (WIDS) and their role in IT Security. Participate in the forensic acquisition and analysis of various equipment using modern tools and techniques. Provide operational infrastructure services that enable the collection of intelligence in order to advance CSIS’ investigations. Create and sustain a centralized operational environment that offers high performance and high speed networks through the development of a core set of services of cost-effective, scalable and adaptive infrastructure. Maintain, support and administer elements in an Enterprise environment such as: Linux/Windows servers, virtualization technologies (VMware, OpenStack); storage technologies (Storage Area Network, Network Attached Storage, backups/restores); identity and access management (LDAP, Active Directory); web infrastructure. Validate the functionality of technical solutions to ensure the capabilities will be effective in an operational environment Provide/use/validate secure network infrastructure for technical solutions. Investigate, troubleshoot and determine remedial action to issues reported by clients. Configure and deploy various solutions involving networking equipment, computers, software applications and tools Work with analog and digital electronic circuits and troubleshooting hardware/software/firmware within embedded systems. Assist with testing and evaluation of systems to ensure they meet their functional and operational requirements. Analyze test results and track issues resolution to ensure that systems can be successfully deployed operationally with high confidence. Experience with microcontroller architecture (Raspberry Pi, Arduino), embedded PC hardware or VME based single board computers, ARM architectures Work with ensuring data quality and data assurance in a processing system for collection, organization, filtering, triaging, and reporting of data types collected using various techniques on a big data system in a complex distributed, mission critical system. Assist with testing and evaluation of systems to ensure they meet user requirements. Coordinate with development and operational teams to identify valuable tests and writing/developing new test cases and participate in continuous improvement testing. Analyze test results and track issues until resolution. Usage of tools and systems that directly support the collection, processing, storage, handling and safeguarding. Install, configure, monitor and support databases, performing database backups, restores/refreshes. Advise/assist developers in database design and queries best practices. Problem Solving Analytical Skills Teamwork Client Service Initiative Location of interest. Please note you can only select one (1). Available locations are indicated at the top. Travel costs benefits may apply. Further information will be disclosed during the interview process. Job Category – Applying for a co-op placement, internship (specific to current program enrollment) or student job. Field of interest, as indicated in experience. Availability of your work term (4, 8, 12 or 16 months)? Your current year of study and expected graduation date. Tell us your story: why do you want to work for CSIS? Work objectives. Technical abilities (where applicable). Volunteer or work Experience (where applicable). Projects (where applicable). English Essential (EE/AE) Bilingual Non Imperative (BBB/BBB) Bilingual Imperative (BBB/BBB) Hourly salary Public Service Commission Approved CO-OP (Co-operative Education)/Internship Programs 
ScrapedJobID312:

ScrapedJobID313:
Proficiency in JavaScript, especially REACT.js Basic understanding of C#, .NET and Visual Studio as well as SQL syntax The ability to learn quickly and on the job An eye for detail and strong focus on task at hand Ability to speak and write in English language 
ScrapedJobID314:
Work with clients to gather business requirements, priorities, define key performance indicators (KPI), and develop BI and data warehouse (DW) strategy. Develop and write business requirements, functional design, and technical design for the solutions Review and analyze commonly used queries and reports Research business problems and assist in the creation of models that help analyze and mitigate these challenges. Work with business and development teams to design and document dashboards, alerts, and reports. Participate in the analysis of functional business processes; assist in the development of business cases to support process changes and/or technology solution projects. Create Reports and Dashboards to provide users with the KPIs, metrics, and information needed to manage their business Analyze source data, identify data quality issues, and make recommendations for short-term and long-term remediation. BS. in Computer Science or related field with 3 to 5 years inexperience. Experience with Qlik is required. A minimum of 3 years related experience in designing and creating information management and presentation objects using stored procedures, triggers and views using MS SQL Server. 3+ years of MS SQL Server (2008/2012/2014), Transact-SQL, Aggregate functions and operations, and Query Optimization tools and techniques including indexing Experience designing and implementing data visualization solutions leveraging Qlik, Tableau, MS Analysis Services, or similar software. Ability to create a design, data flow, and operational documents using Visio, Word, and/or Excel Experience in mapping data from disparate data sources such as flat files, databases, Excel, XML files, and/or unstructured data. Experience working in a tightly version-controlled and process-oriented environment with a specific focus on the financial services industry Well organized, extremely detail-oriented, and have great communication skills, both oral and written High energy, positive attitude, professional and mature Comfortable in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Excellent analytical and problem-solving capabilities Ability to ensure timely communication of any project-sensitive information to project leadership Ability to confidently speak with external clients regarding approach, data mapping, process design, etc. Willingness to enlist assistance as well as to provide it so as to maximize overall team productivity and collaboration Demonstrated competency for adapting to new environments, quickly grasping overall architecture and key components Experience and ability to reverse engineer complex databases, understand complex data structures and data, and ability to data map between different relational databases. Ability to quickly assess existing design strengths and weaknesses and effectively communicate risks and potential opportunities for improvement. Provide guidance and insight into developing quality assurance test cases to validate data load processes. Experience with creating automated data comparison routines for automated testing and internal audits. 
ScrapedJobID315:
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, software engineer, or related fields 5+ years of experience on large scale projects, preferably continuously delivered SaaS products Comfortable with a research environment Autonomous and eager to learn Linux operating system Git version control Python and Javascript programming language Kubernetes/Docker orchestration Nodejs and React Acting as a tech lead for the web dev team Working on the backend and front-end aspects of complex AI-based software as well as casino marketing and finance applications Ideation and creation of new features based on customers needs Maintain and implement our front-end UI/UX Design and implement scalable APIs and microservices Evaluate and select appropriate technologies Participating in the evaluation and selection of the appropriate technology platforms, frameworks, and deployment architectures for each given problem to solve Flexible hours Partially remote flexibility Startup environment Gym in the office Free coffee and ramen Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID316:
Have a passion for craft and building large-scale, high performance, distributed systems Have a strong desire to grow and learn Are self-motivated and can conceive and develop solutions individually as well as in a collaborative environment Are committed not just to fulfilling an assignment, but in adding value, pushing the boundaries and creating work that makes a difference Can work with tight deadlines and deliver out of the box solutions Collaborate with product and design teams and be responsible for designing, implementing and delivering the technical architectures, business alignment, and maintainability of technical solutions. Prototype new features for rapid releases Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop innovative, consumer-facing products 2-5 years of experience of systems design, implementing and maintaining large enterprise software Must have a 4-year undergraduate university degree in Computer Science from a leading school Strong programming skills with Java, Javascript (React, Angular, Node, Vue, or other popular frontend frameworks), SQL databases (MySQL, PostgresSQL, SQL Server or equivalent), MVC Exceptional understanding of web technologies, SOA, data management Knowledge of API development frameworks such as Jersey and Swagger is a plus Proficiency in working in Linux CLI environment. Experience with Git Strong written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Full health benefits Work from home policy Mobile Stipend Gaming Zone Nintendo switch / ping pong table / foosball table Casual dress code Work-life balance - We want you to have a balanced lifestyle between your personal and professional priorities. It is a great culture with a close-knit team from a variety of backgrounds. We are a flat organization where ideas are sought and accepted from everyone We provide you with a supportive, energetic environment and all the tools and programs you need to succeed and grow 
ScrapedJobID317:
Small dedicated teams with lots of freedom on how you get your work done Work from home and/or from our fancy new office! Full health benefits Never work on your birthday! Minimum 1 year experience with jQuery / Javascipt Minimum 1 year experience with Drupal Minimum 1 year experience with HTML5 Minimum 1 year experience with CSS (CSS3 preferred) Experience with Git is mandatory Experience with Sass/Compass an asset Experience with Bootstrap.js an asset Experience with node.js an asset Experience with Zen theme an asset Experience with Twitter Bootstrap an asset Computer science or equivalent post-secondary education Ability to work remotely Self-motivated Exceptional organizational skills French and English an asset 
ScrapedJobID318:

ScrapedJobID319:
Developing Windows software solutions, in collaboration with engineering team members and clients Creating, designing, and implementing new applications for clients and internal users Testing and debugging code as well as directing systems testing and verification procedures Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications Developing documentation for the design and implementation of new applications A working knowledge of one or more of the following programming languages: C#, C++, C or Python Experience in Windows application and software development Understanding of user interface design and experience working with or implementing a communication protocol Experience with the entire life-cycle of a software project Knowledge of software design and programming principles. Good mathematical and problem-solving skills. Good communication and team-working skills. Legally entitled to work in Canada according to relevant legislation and regulations. Dental care Extended health care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID320:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required MySQL Java SQL React.js Git 
ScrapedJobID321:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi DEC (Souhaité) Node.js: 2 ans (Souhaité) React.js: 2 ans (Obligatoire) TypeScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) JavaScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) Yes 
ScrapedJobID322:
Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID323:
Design, architect and develop solutions to deliver simulation products; Be responsible for all phases of development starting from requirements through tests and final integration on a simulator; Work with multiple teams to collaborate and solve complex technical challenges; Actively participate in code reviews; Stay up to date on technology trends. A BS or MS Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent; Fluent and passionate about modern C++; Well-versed in software development principles (object-oriented design and design patterns); Experience developing, deploying and maintaining scalable and continuously evolving applications (CI/CD) (cloud experience an asset); Understanding and experience of networking principles; Experience in a cross-disciplinary development environment, with excellent cross-discipline communication skills. Bilingual French/English To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID324:
Experience in Python and Javascript programming Development of back-end, microservice infrastructure in Python Application and front-end development in React.js Mobile App development with React Native an asset Knowledge and experience developing microservices Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies, specifically Google Cloud Platform Knowledge and experience developing containerised applications with Docker Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID325:
Join as a founding member of our high growth Toronto Engineering Team. Help deliver key product features and our global expansion workstreams. Work on developing, releasing and running large-scale web applications. Improve performance, reliability, scalability and security of our backend systems. Help onboard and mentor other engineers as they join the team and grow in their career. Join a fast growing company and grow right along with us. Work on challenging and interesting tech problems which impact millions of customers. Get the chance to work on cutting edge technologies and use world class tooling to get the job done. Make a large impact across the company through business deliverables and continuous innovation. Work alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry with the deepest sense of empathy. Get support and resources to continuously learn and improve your skills. B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of industry experience Prior experience working with backend tech stacks Able to analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources Experience with service oriented architecture, writing REST API's, unit testing, and architectural design Understanding of modern web stacks and architecture (HTTP, REST) Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and other technologies (e.g. Postgres, Redis, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ) We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. It's something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies. We are doers - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do - on every project, every day. We are learning - We're not afraid to dig in and uncover the truth, even if it's scary or inconvenient. Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if we've been in a role for one year or one minute. We are customer obsessed - Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We are committed to our customers, merchants, and dashers and believe in connecting people with possibility. We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. We offer great compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits. 
ScrapedJobID326:
We offer flexibility We offer a diverse work environment Futureproof your career with a job in information security Design and develop new features, in Java, JSP/HTML/JS/JQuery or SQL. Update and implement new cryptographic algorithms based on latest standards Build with tools such as Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, BitBucket, and other open-source tools Enrolled or completed an undergraduate Computer Science or Software Engineering program Completed at least three years of course work in your current program Strong Java expertise Good with details, time management and planning Great at communications and writing skills Can coordinate your activities within a team of energetic developers An understanding of cryptography, PKI concepts and software security practices You are comfortable working with Windows and the Linux family of operating systems You understand object-oriented design and apply design patterns Familiarity with x.509 standards, CMP, PKCS, S/MIME and SSL Leader in the security industry Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams Opportunities for on-the-job training You’ll help secure identities! 
ScrapedJobID327:

ScrapedJobID328:

ScrapedJobID329:
Minimum 4 years experience in JavaScript development College or University Degree in Computer Science or related field Experience with AngularJS Experience with RESTful APIs and Cloud integrations Experience in browser test automation and performance benchmarking Good social and teamwork skills Positive attitude towards technical challenges Quick learner Ability to think out of the box, with usability in mind Ability to work in a multidisciplinary environment Experience in back-end JavaScript, Node and Web Sockets is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID330:
Working closely with our project managers, business analysts, QA teams and solution architects to own and deliver the high quality and high performing technical solution on time and on budget to our clients
Working with the Solution Architect, define highly detailed specifications for the technical solution Setup the project development environment at the commencement of the project Enforce development best practices within the team, Code reviews with the development team Work independently with the client technical lead Prepare and execute demos and training sessions on the technical solution Write technical documentation for the delivered solution Provide effort estimates on work packages Production deployments Advise on the technical solution, while owning the implementation 3 or more years ASP.NET/C# web application development experience Experience designing and building business and data layers and functional libraries. Experience with creating and consuming web services Understanding of object-oriented design and development Knowledge of agile principles – scrum, backlog, etc. Base knowledge of HTML, CSS, Azure and JavaScript concepts University degree/college diploma in Computer Science or related major Experience developing web content management solutions (ideally Sitecore, but not required) Knowledge of ALM tools (Jira, TeamCity, TFS, Git, etc.) Our competitive compensation package. Collaborating with a diverse, dynamic and close-knit team. Summer half-days and the possibility to work remotely. Collaboration with our international offices and the possibility to go. Fun monthly team-building activities. Social activities organized by our Comité l’fun. 
ScrapedJobID331:
Implement useful user interfaces to help our users do what they need to do. Propose novel solutions for fixing bugs so that they never happen again. Write automated tests, follow good software practices to build robust software, and help us iteratively improve the way we do things. Have several years of experience coding front-end applications. Experience with specific languages is nice-to-have but not required. Are able to take a design, empathize with how the user will experience it, and recommend changes that can both improve that experience and make it easier to build and maintain. Possess a strong ability to take an idea for a product and turn it into code. Display strong communication skills so you can collaborate easily with your teammates. Have Typescript or static typing experience. Are familiar with Web Components, Shadow DOM. Have Python experience (even better if you have Django or some other ORM). Have experience with the UNIX toolchain; most of our code runs in a Linux environment and it's useful to know how to work with these. Are comfortable taking the lead on your responsibilities, driving them forward, and helping other developers do the same. A very competitive compensation package. We want the best! A great health benefits program. The opportunity to work fully remote, with a budget to set up your perfect home office. Paid coaching and mentorship of your choice to grow your skills and career. A place where you will be free to be yourself, where you will be able to express your creativity, where you will be listened to, and where you will have a chance to play a part in redefining work. Work with a team that wants you to succeed, managers that want you to grow, and a company that values its people. TypeScript and Web Components for the client-side, implemented via LitElement. Python and Django for the server-side. Anything that you think will help us do better. We’re not hard-set on any specific technology and are always happy to explore new options. 
ScrapedJobID332:
Developing new user-facing features using React.js Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers Skills Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model* Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles* Familiarity with mobile platform platform* Experience with data structure* Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token* Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools* Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements* A knack for benchmarking and optimization* Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care developing: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID333:
Have experience in working on at least one Android mobile application that has been submitted to Google Play Store. Write clean, well-tested code Have a strong knowledge of profiling and debugging tools Be familiar with RESTful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services Solid understanding of Android memory management, concurrency, and memory leaks Ability to develop flexible and maintainable library and API for clients Understanding how video, audio, and adaptive streams work Experienced in ExoPlayer and Chromecast Sender SDK, Android IMA SDK, and other Media player frameworks Have an application development experience for AndroidTV and FireTV devices Have experience with Kotlin Understanding packaging protocols HLS and DASH. Have experience with DRM systems Dynamic client-side ad insertion Be able to work effectively in a remote environment Believe that work-life balance is a characteristic of highly functioning teams Enjoy learning new things and sharing knowledge with coworkers Be comfortable giving and receiving honest (but polite) feedback Enjoy disrupting the status quo Be unafraid of failure 100% Remote Work - Skip the commute to the office and work from home Compensation - Highly competitive compensation based on experience and market standards Ability to relax - 3 weeks paid vacation Medical Coverage - Full medical, vision, and dental plan with no co-pay 
ScrapedJobID334:
Strong 5+ years of experience in Hadoop and Big-data. Hands on experience with ETL and Informatica Should have 3 years of experience with AWS Cloud Must have excellent communication skills Bonus pay 8 hour shift Hadoop: 3 years (required) AWS: 2 years (required) ETL and Informatica: 4 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID335:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: C#, ASP.NET, Javascript Strong structured database query language skills SQL and database design in Microsoft SQL Server Knowledge of Internet Information Sever set up A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field Solid experience in C#, .net, javascript Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Strong visual studio knowledge Solid SQL language skills Ability to design tables in Microsoft SQL database Server Knowledge of Microsoft Access database 
ScrapedJobID336:
Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Microsoft Access: 5 years (preferred) Yes Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID337:
Ship highly scalable backend services and infrastructure: You with the engineering team to build, test, maintain backend services and infrastructure (NodeJS) with a focus on security, performance, and reliability. You will also be responsible for architecting and building infrastructure so that 10KC can integrate with third-party APIs to make 10KC enterprise-ready. Own development, testing, and maintenance E2E: You will be responsible for ensuring that the features you deploy are of quality and are responsible for shipping, testing, and iterating them. You will build, document and maintain tests, features and infrastructure. Be an integral member of our Engineering team: You will collaborate with other members of the engineering team through stand-ups, peer code reviews, retro, and pair-programming when necessary. You will help shape our Engineering team culture to have high humility and low egos. 3+ years of experience in Javascript, Typescript, Python Experience working with any of the following: NodeJS, RESTful APIs (ExpressJS), Databases (MongoDB, BigQuery), Microservices (Cloud functions), Unit/Integration testing (Jest), Enterprise Integrations (SAML, ADFS, OIDC, Okta, AzureAD, etc.) A pragmatic and business-oriented work ethic and attitude. Strong problem solving skills You believe that getting the product to the hands of users as fast as possible is the best way to learn about how to solve their problem. You deeply care about who we're building for and understand the impact of the product you're shipping. You understand the importance of shipping with speed and quality in a world of limited time and resources and that done is better than perfect. You have a proven track record of success in building production-level software. You are familiar with full-stack development and have some experience in front end. You have intrinsic interests in how Modern Web Technologies are evolving like Angular, Typescript, RxJS, NodeJS, etc. You are able to communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or in real time. In disagreements, you are able to engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed. Health & Dental Benefits Vacation and Flex Time Permanently remote - work from anywhere Flexible working hours to suit your style and needs Home Office set up allowance Phone & Internet subsidy Fitness subsidy Stress Management, Wellbeing, and unlimited Mental health support Employee Assistance Program Parental Leave Policy 
ScrapedJobID338:
Working closely with risk Management and other stakeholders globally to thoroughly capture requirements and translate them into a useful technical roadmap Driving the technical architecture strategy for all risk monitoring tools Writing clean code that is well documented, tested, and easy to maintain Taking complete end to end responsibility for the services your team owns, from conception to production operation Ensuring the systems are performant and can handle scale Setting up strong software development processes including Code Reviews, Testing, Documentation and drive good technology choices Shaping the future of the Core Engineering team through regular interviewing, and occasional campus recruiting trips More than 2 years of strong software development experience in building web services with Python based web frameworks like Django / Flask Hands on experience in working with relational databases like MySQL / PostgreSQL Experience in setting up and/or using web servers like Nginx / Apache A good taste in Software Architecture, especially around designing performant and user-friendly Rest APIs Strong debugging skills using Linux tools Knowledge of setting up and/or using tools for automating deployments, log analysis, application monitoring, etc. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. A good leader and can drive product vision Can provide training and support to internal teams Self-directed, adaptable and committed towards keeping up-to-date with latest technologies and best practices Able to learn quickly and take on additional responsibilities: you must be highly proactive and have strong follow-through skills Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 5 weeks of paid vacation per year Lunch and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free events and workshops 
ScrapedJobID339:
Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Object-Oriented programming languages C# .NET Ruby Git Go Programming software Programming languages Software development Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits 
ScrapedJobID340:
Design and develop data pipelines from a variety of data streams and sources Support and manage IoT system installations in the field Collaborate with product teams to plan and coordinate feasibility and delivery of future work Participate in code reviews to push for high quality and coding standards Mentor and coach fellow team members Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or extensive practical experience with software development 3+ years of professional experience, preferably in a fast-paced environment such as a startup or rapidly growing company Experience or interest in Computer Networking and serial device communications Proficiency or interest in working with message queues (VerneMQ, MQTT, SQS) Experience with relational databases (we use Postgres) Strong sense of ownership and accountability Experience with Python and data analysis libraries Experience with AWS Experience with IoT technologies (Scada, Modbus, MQTT) Competitive compensation Comprehensive health benefits Stock options (at Validere, we're all owners) RRSP/401(k) matching programs Flexible working arrangements Professional development budget to master your craft Generous time-off with parental/family leave Quarterly Employee Wellbeing Days and No Meeting Friday Afternoons An inclusive, ego-free environment where diversity of people and thought is valued Opportunity to impact the trajectory of a fast growing tech company Deliver (the highest) value Remove friction Everyday is more scalable Be well, fair & transparent 
ScrapedJobID341:
Develop and analyze software solutions for hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Analyze third party software for possible hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Assist in the training of customers and/or internal personnel in the use of all supported software and systems. Create Design documents as required to ensure that requirements are implemented to meet customer’s expectations. Perform Verification/Validation of software and systems. Troubleshoot software/system issues as required. Work closely with the Software Quality Assurance team to provide input into Test Cases. Maintain coding standards and best practices for software development and participate in the code review process to ensure that quality is built into the software. Work closely with the Software Manager, Senior Software Developer, Team Lead and team members to ensure that timelines for software/system deliverables are achieved. Follow the established standards developed for source code archiving to ensure that the software build/release process is tightly controlled using source control tools. Perform other job related duties as required by the Manager. Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or must be able to demonstrate a successful track record in a relevant field. Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Previous Application Software Development experience is a strong asset. Previous experience with C#, Java, or C++. Exciting and challenging work environment Comprehensive benefits package Training and development opportunities – we believe every employee deserves a development plan. Come, learn, and grow with us! 
ScrapedJobID342:

ScrapedJobID343:
Participating in the full development lifecycle, including estimation, design, development, testing, and deployment. Working with copywriters and designers to develop new pages for the website. Collaborating with the marketing team to optimize existing web pages for conversions and search engines. Coding email templates and custom forms within GSL. Teaming up with an experienced Engineering team to deploy your code. Reviewing and responding to operational or site performance issues. 2+ years of experience within a similar capacity Experience with JavaScript, PHP, CSS and HTML. Solid understanding of WordPress. Enthusiasm for building lightning fast websites. The ability to effectively manage your time, understand the constraints of web projects and communicate tradeoffs with stakeholders. Experience in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator is an asset Detail oriented Analytical Strategic Flexible schedule Competitive salary Employer paid dental & extended health coverage Life Insurance and Disability coverage Employee and Family Assistance Program (EFAP) Opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment, in a variety of industries Awesome co-workers 
ScrapedJobID344:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 2+ years of professional experience in a full-stack software development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID345:

ScrapedJobID346:
Experience in Javascript (React.js), Typescript, NodeJS Experience working with microservices (Docker, Kubernetes, MongoDB) Experience with AWS Experience working on complex software projects Experience with custom interpreters and grammars Open to learning proprietary orchestration language Experience designing programming languages or parsers Experience with RabbitMQ, GraphQL, Lambda, DynamoDB, SQS, EventBridge, Kinesis, Redshift, Cloudformation/Terraform. Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday o you have experience have in designing programming languages or parsers? Software development: 8 years (required) JavaScript: 5 years (preferred) Kubernetes: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID347:
Data manipulation and analysis System integration Consulting firm Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems SQL Python React.js Scala Angular.js Hadoop R Criminal record check Valid driver's licence Attention to detail Tight deadlines Programming languages Software development SQL Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software MS Office Business intelligence Cloud Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID348:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible. You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor’s degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID349:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smart phones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (Agile and Waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years’ web development experience in an agency or in-house setting Experience with WordPress a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, ContentStack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel) and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories a plus 
ScrapedJobID350:
or equivalent experience Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Corel Draw Adobe Dreamweaver Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Willing to travel Willing to travel regularly Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Internet Networking security Intranet Servers Project management software HTML editing software Web service design MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Computer-aided design (CAD) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID351:
Work with a passionate, smart and ambitious team of engineers who built large scale systems at Uber, AirBnB, Facebook and Google (https://www.bolt.com/team). Take ownership of your own projects while pairing with mentors. Design and build mission critical products that our merchants love to use. Be given the opportunity to learn about and contribute to many areas such as infrastructure, databases, APIs, plugins and developer tools in addition to your feature work. Learn from and help shape our company's engineering culture. Golang Typescript / React SFCC Demandware (must have for this position) Are curious and passionate about technology Believe in our values Relevant industry experience (internships/Co-op if new grad) Are excited about jumping into any area of technology Have strong communication skills Have prior experience working with SFCC Demandware Flexible PTO Remote friendly work structures Home Office Setup Budget Medical, dental, and vision benefits Monthly team events Paid parental leave Awesome teammates! 
ScrapedJobID352:
The candidate will participate in the various stages of software development for complex web applications The candidate will participate in the development of the solution (design, ideation, technological choices ...) The candidate will work in an Agile environment. The candidate will be responsible for the stability and performance of the application Practical experience in web backend development for at least 5 years Expertise in several of the technologies listed below: Python (required) Java Spring / Spring Boot REST SQL Object-oriented design Good verbal and written communication Strong tolerance to ambiguity Problem solving technique Familiarity with Unix-based systems Functional knowledge of French and English Diploma in Computer Science (College or University) Asset: 
ScrapedJobID353:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID354:
Power BI: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID355:
Work in a cross-functional team of security experts and data scientists who are responsible for the core software of next generation BlackBerry software Help develop new security software for BlackBerry. Opportunities to help drive innovation and new development Collaborate with team members, brainstorming design ideas, implementing building blocks that will become the foundation of upcoming BlackBerry releases Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or related discipline Strong design, programming, and research skills Strong Java, C, C++, C#, Python & JavaScript skills and experience Strong communicator Highly organized and detail oriented Curious attitude and self-starter with strong interpersonal skills Ability to work effectively in team as well as independently Experienced with data science and machine learning Knowledge in networking, security, and cryptography Comfortable with UNIX environment and scripting Familiar with QNX and AWS 
ScrapedJobID356:
Expert at PHP Experience with Different types of Databases (MySQL, MsSQL, etc.) Experience with any MVC frameworks (Symfony, PHPCake, Zend, etc) Experience with Javascript (JQuery, Script.aculo.us, Prototype) Familiarity with cross-browsing and responsive technologies Some front-end experience 3+ years of PHP design/coding/testing in Open Source environment building large scale distributed web sites. Experience working in a formal software development environment 3+ years of Object Orientation software coding experience for web applications Linux, Mac O/S, MySQL, PHP 4/5, Apache/Light HTTP technology experience based on LAMP model 
ScrapedJobID357:
Design and develop our Platform services and applications by following patterns and best practices Evaluate product implementation plans to deliver highly scalable and reusable services Develop high-quality code to implement business value Implement and maintain applications and services using CI/CD pipelines to automate the distribution process 70% Writing code and unit tests for microservices 20% Collaboration with customers to understand their requirements and the context for the software 5% Attending daily stand-ups, and other meetings 5% Exploring new technologies outside the scope of project deliverables BSc in Computer Science or a related field 2-3 years of experience in professional web development Minimum 2 years of experience in Dotnet Core or Python Experience working on different cloud providers (AWS, AZURE, GCP) Developing and using RESTful APIs Good experience with shared code and use of source control platforms (GitHub) Knowledge of Agile software development processes Experience working in a DevOps/Continuous Delivery environment and associated toolsets (CircleCI, JIRA) Skilled with writing and maintaining automated unit tests Great communication skills as a member of a Remote-First team Passion for web technologies and a desire to remain up to date with the latest technologies AWS - Infrastructure as Code (CDK, Terraform) Experience working with Lambdas Strong knowledge of object-oriented and asynchronous programming in JavaScript/TypeScript Experience working on high-traffic, responsive websites and applications Experience with Data Warehouse Experience interacting and coordinating UI designs with business React Experience Work with a team of supportive, highly skilled professionals on leading edge technology A strong mentorship culture to help you grow and succeed professionally A flexible vacation policy where you decide how many vacation days you need Education & Training stipends to support your personal career goals Hardware and workstation allowance to ensure you are set up to do your best work at home We are a remote-first company and always will be! 
ScrapedJobID358:
Must have 1+ years of full-stack JavaScript experience. Startup experience preferred. Must have three or more Node.js, Express, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript (ES6). Experience in working with responsive design and a good sense of UI/UX design. 1+ years experience coding in Vue.js (Preferred), React and Angular, or other JavaScript frameworks. Knowledge or experience with HTTP, Restful API, WebSocket/Socket.io. Knowledge or experience with MySQL, Redis (Preferred). Proficient with Git and Cloud. Knowledge of AWS toolset, including Lambda and EC2. Ability to move fast and ship often. A passion for clean, reusable, and structured code. A demonstrated ability to pick up new skills and technologies. Ability to follow instructions and work in a team environment. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or relevant degree. 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID359:
Ability to develop and organize written documentation and procedures is required. Ability to exercise good judgment in determining work and problem resolution priorities and approaches. Strong conflict resolution skills. Ability to multi task in a fast paced work environment. Team player will work close in team environment 4+ years of experience as a ServiceNow developer in various roles Working knowledge in ServiceNow IT Service Management, ServiceNow System Administration Expertise with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Jelly, HTTP, XML Expertise in REST, SOAP services, etc ITIL Foundation or Advanced Certification Working Knowledge of MYSQL databases Strong communication skills (written and verbal), strong interpersonal skills, customer-centric attitude 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID360:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID361:
PolicyCenter V10 Understanding and knowledge of SVN source code repository and Jenkins build automation Must have strong performance tuning experience, especially focused on integrations Experience with XML technologies (XSD, XPath, XQuery, XSL, XSL: FO and XSLT Knowledge of an iterative development process Super strong experience in configuration. · We would need the person to have extensive PolicyCenter configuration experience. We would want them to essentially be able to guide the other less experienced developers through tougher configuration tasks and help do root cause analysis/troubleshooting when we have a configuration-related production incident or something discovered in testing. This person would need to be ready to do the development themselves too – not just a mentor/guide for the less-senior folks. Strong Integration with Gosu experience Experience as the technology leader on large and complex transformation programs Establish/refine/govern across portfolio Experience with leading a Guidewire implementation of PolicyCenter, preferably having PolicyCenter / WMB / ETL integration Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or related field Development experience with programming languages Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Paid time off Work from home Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID362:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Public transportation is available 
ScrapedJobID363:
or equivalent experience Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Corel Draw Adobe Dreamweaver Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Willing to travel Willing to travel regularly Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Internet Networking security Intranet Servers Project management software HTML editing software Web service design MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Computer-aided design (CAD) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID364:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Windsor, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID365:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar). A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of Excel and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID366:
Code, test, and document the features and functionalities of healthcare products; Participate in technical design, implementation, functional analysis and updates; Follow the best practices and collaborate with other teams in the Techna department; Debug and resolve issues; Work collaboratively with your team to define system architectures and design appropriate solutions when necessary; Contribute to the definition of operational procedures for software development; Encourage communities of practice by developing code quality metrics, reviewing others code, sharing knowledge, debugging, keeping technical debt low, etc.; Contribute to technical design documentation and general documentation to be compliant with audit requirements; Be well informed about current trends in software development. Work openly and collaboratively with other teams in the Techna department; Share knowledge with enthusiasm and empower your colleagues; Show respect and appreciation for your colleagues’ needs and appreciate differences as much similarities; Work on multiple concurrent projects and products, effectively following timelines, goals, and crossfunctional collaborations; Work in a process-oriented but agile mode; Take responsibility for your personal and professional development Three or more year of experience as a Software Developer A completion of an undergraduate degree program preferably with focus in computer science, or experience equivalent to minimum three years working as a software developer Experience with software development concepts and methodologies including software development life cycle, design patterns, version control, issue tracking, etc. Experience with the following technologies is preferred: JavaScript, React, Angular 2+, Node.js (NestJS Framework) Experience with relational and non-relational databases (Mongo, MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL, Postgres) Experience with HTTP Protocol, REST, XML, GraphQL, JavaScript, AJAX Experience working with both front-end and back-end languages, development frameworks, and third-party libraries Some knowledge of Containerization Technology (Docker, Kubernetes, & Ubuntu), preferred Expertise with Automation DevOps Tools with CI/CD Platform Jenkins, Ansible, preferred Application Delivery using container orchestration platform Kubernetes, preferred Knowledge of data administration principles and techniques Experience working in AWS Environment Demonstrate fluency in understanding problems, breaking them down into hypotheses and proposing solutions in a clear manner Experience working in healthcare, recommended Experience working in Agile teams, recommended Excellent written and verbal communication skills, organization, prioritization skills, ability to learn quickly and work independently 
ScrapedJobID367:
Ability to develop and organize written documentation and procedures is required. Ability to exercise good judgment in determining work and problem resolution priorities and approaches. Strong conflict resolution skills. Ability to multi task in a fast paced work environment. Team player will work close in team environment 4+ years of experience as a ServiceNow developer in various roles Working knowledge in ServiceNow IT Service Management, ServiceNow System Administration Expertise with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Jelly, HTTP, XML Expertise in REST, SOAP services, etc ITIL Foundation or Advanced Certification Working Knowledge of MYSQL databases Strong communication skills (written and verbal), strong interpersonal skills, customer-centric attitude 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID368:
Power BI: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID369:
Work with a passionate, smart and ambitious team of engineers who built large scale systems at Uber, AirBnB, Facebook and Google (https://www.bolt.com/team). Take ownership of your own projects while pairing with mentors. Design and build mission critical products that our merchants love to use. Be given the opportunity to learn about and contribute to many areas such as infrastructure, databases, APIs, plugins and developer tools in addition to your feature work. Learn from and help shape our company's engineering culture. Golang Typescript / React SFCC Demandware (must have for this position) Are curious and passionate about technology Believe in our values Relevant industry experience (internships/Co-op if new grad) Are excited about jumping into any area of technology Have strong communication skills Have prior experience working with SFCC Demandware Flexible PTO Remote friendly work structures Home Office Setup Budget Medical, dental, and vision benefits Monthly team events Paid parental leave Awesome teammates! 
ScrapedJobID370:
Design and develop integrated Odoo applications. Develop client solution as part of a cross-functional team consisting of business advisors, consultants, other developers, and customer. Integration between Odoo and other external applications. Troubleshoot, debug, fix and upgrade software and ensure customer software solution works robustly in the field. Meeting with key stakeholders to understand business requirements. Translating business processes into software solutions. Adhere to and promote best software programming practices such as coding standards, code and design reviews and test coverage Provide the support to maintain these specific solutions. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline. Odoo ORM. Frontend: Typescript or Javascript. Frontend: HTML and SASS, LESS or CSS. Object-Oriented: Python, Java, C++ Backend: SQL, PostgreSQL, MySQL or equivalent persistent store. Strong analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong proficiency in automation and automated testing, including functional, integration, stress, performance, and other tests. Outstanding attention to detail. Passion for learning new technologies, creating functional solutions and constantly improving. Flexibility, desire for growth, service-minded. Intermediate software developer (3+ years) with at least 2 year of experience in Odoo and/or OpenERP. ERP implementations, development, customization. git and CI/CD workflows Proficiency with Linux. Cloud systems (AWS, EC2, ECS). Proven success in project management and software design would be an asset. Other languages and technologies. 
ScrapedJobID371:
Data manipulation and analysis System integration Consulting firm Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems SQL Python React.js Scala Angular.js Hadoop R Criminal record check Valid driver's licence Attention to detail Tight deadlines Programming languages Software development SQL Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software MS Office Business intelligence Cloud Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID372:
Computer Programming, Other Computer Science Engineering, Other IBM Certification Eclipse Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Java React Native React.js Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Database software Presentation software Programming software Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID373:
Degree from a post-secondary institution in Computer Science or Engineering, with demonstrated academic excellence; Minimum of two (2) years of experience with C# development in console and/or web applications; Thorough understanding and demonstrated experience in Object-Oriented Design; Strong understanding of design patterns and capable of incorporating them in software design; Well-versed in MVC, MVP, MVVM, WPF, WCF, and LINQ; Ability to:
develop in frontend, middle tier, and backend;
connect the application to leading backend data stores (SQL, NoSQL, Big Data);
develop and debug in Visual Studio;
work effectively and produce quality results, working independently and without supervision. develop in frontend, middle tier, and backend; connect the application to leading backend data stores (SQL, NoSQL, Big Data); develop and debug in Visual Studio; work effectively and produce quality results, working independently and without supervision. Familiarity with C++/CLI (a plus); Knowledge of Angular and NoSQL (an asset); Languages required:
English: Excellent
29835 English: Excellent
29835 37.5 hours per week; Opportunities to develop and grow your career; Work with diverse technologies, projects, clients and sectors; Spend your days in a creative and innovative environment; Share experience and knowledge as part of an agile and dynamic team; A great harmony between work and personal life; Access to exciting educational opportunities (internal, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Personal recognition of your important professional contributions; Great cultural diversity across our teams. 
ScrapedJobID374:
Gaining information on the requirements of website, mobile site, promo pages, technology, competitors and about the targeted audience of the website. Planning overall site design ensuring goals of user experience including all functionality are achieved Coordinating with graphic designers, computer programmers, content writers, and digital media specialists Developing navigational components Maintains site appearance by developing and enforcing content and display standards; editing submissions Timely completion for quick turn-around and job completion Verifiable experience planning site design and achieving client goals Strong knowledge of jQuery, Javascript and PHP Familiarity of various animations, transitions and other effects using various jQuery libraries Familiarity and strong knowledge of website speed optimization, resource loading and cache features Graphic design experience Client service focused Excellent team player and communicator Adaptable and willing to learn Must own a laptop with latest web development software Experience in WordPress In order to be considered for this position, portfolio is mandatory 
ScrapedJobID375:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID376:
You will design, develop, modify, debug and/or maintain software code according to functional, non-functional and technical design specifications. You will follow Amdocs software engineering standards, applicable software development methodology and release processes, to ensure code is maintainable, scalable, and supportable, and demo the software products to stakeholders. You will investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code, provide fixes and workarounds, and review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions. You will work within a team, collaborate and add value through participation in peer code reviews, provide comments and suggestions, and work with cross functional teams to achieve goals. You will assume technical accountability for your specific work products within an application and provide technical support during solution design for new requirements. You will be encouraged to actively look for innovation, continuous improvement, and efficiency in all assigned tasks. Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computer Science or equivalent 3+ years Java experience (server side) on Linux/Unix/Windows Demonstrable experience with the Spring framework components - Spring Boot, MVC, Integration, Security, etc. Strong understanding of RESTful APIs and open systems You will be challenged to design and develop new software applications. You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever growing opportunities for personal growth. 
ScrapedJobID377:
Take an idea, concept, or mock-up and write efficient, robust and well-tested production-ready code. Demonstrate proficiency with our stack, which is composed of Python, Django, PostgreSQL and React (hosted on AWS). Use GitHub for pull requests and code reviews, as well as, Slack, CircleCI, Sentry, ClickUp, Confluence, New Relic, BrowserStack, etc. 1-2 years of experience with Python and Django 1+ years of professional work experience Experience working in an Agile environment Good SQL and databases knowledge, PostgreSQL, MySQL or comparable RDBS experience Good understanding of best coding practices and standards BONUS: Experience with writing tests in Python, Django and React is a plus BONUS: Experience with Git and/or Github BONUS: BS/MS in Computer Science or engineering is helpful, but not required BONUS: Knowledge of NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, or popular machine learning libraries is good to have but not required A unique opportunity in a key role at a fast-growing technology company that is setting the global standard for a key social imperative An opportunity to drive change in DEI globally Flexibility to work remotely where you want and when you want Flexible time-off policy Career development and a path to promotion within the company Fun, supportive, and enthusiastic team environment 
ScrapedJobID378:

ScrapedJobID379:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible. You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor’s degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID380:
054085 Takes part in ServiceNOW testing, administration and development activities Takes part in working with client Creates and updating documentation and procedures Experience in administering Now Platform Enterprise and/or IT Service Management Scripting – JavaScript, Web Services, HTML, CSS, Jelly) Understanding Agile and SCRUM Ability to work with a remote team, requiring ability to communicate well via phone and email (writing skills) Strong attention to detail Knowledge and work experience in JavaScript/ Angular/ AngularJS Demonstrable experience in JavaScript coding (optional) Experienced in working with relational databases (optional) Experienced in working with LDAP, AD, SSO, Email Infrastructure, Web Services (optional) ServiceNow System Administration certificate ITIL Foundation Certified (optional) ServiceNow Implementation Specialist certificate (optional) ServiceNow Scripting certificate (optional) Application Creation in ServiceNow 
ScrapedJobID381:
Review and interpret ongoing business report requirements Research required data Build appropriate and useful reporting deliverables Build queries that provide short- or long-term answers to business questions. Design and implement technical enhancements of Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, or Big Data solutions as required Develop, implement and optimize stored procedures and functions using appropriate database syntax and approach (Teradata USP, PL/SQL, SAS DI) Analyze existing SQL queries for performance improvements Develop procedures and scripts for data migration Investigate exceptions with regard to asset movements Conduct unit tests and assist in test preparations to ensure data integrity, data quality and program quality. Contribute to lessons learned and process improvements Apply new technologies to improve work efforts when available Maintain an up to date knowledge of, and adopt, relevant market trends and practices Experience as a SQL Developer or similar role is required Excellent understanding of SQL Programming and entity relationships Experience working with Teradata Stored Procedures (BTEQ), PL/SQL and other utilities. Experience in building ETL packages/pipelines. Knowledge and experience with Scheduling, SQL, UNIX Script, RDMS and Data Warehousing Understanding of data warehouse architecture and entity relationships Critical thinker and problem-solving skills - solve technical problems/ processes and understand complex details Analyze complex situations and problems and do the necessary research using multiple sources of information to arrive at innovative solutions Ability to work independently as well as with a team Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success Good time-management skills Great interpersonal and communication skills A passion for data Interest and ability to learn new interfaces between database and ETL tools ETL Tools Bachelor's degree, preferably in Software or Computer Science/Engineering Fields or have related industry experience or acumen 
ScrapedJobID382:
Responsible for designing, building , testing, debugging and configuring applications to meet business process and application requirements Responsible for conducting technical design, development, and integration of multi-platform application systems Act as a trusted advisor for the client by listening to their pain points and considering the industry the client sits in Work independently on projects and drive them to completion Prefer appropriately simple, repeatable solutions over more complex and failure-prone ones Good communication skills and delivery focused to work in fast paced environment. Bachelor or Masters Degree in Engineering preferably Computer Science or Information Systems 6 + years of strong development experience using Python and SQL and hands on experience working with Oracle DB Strong Hands of experience on high complexity SQL/non SQL & PL/SQL queries & creation of functions and stored procedures Good experience with Unix/ Shell Scripting Familiarity with Agile development methodology and tools like JIRA, SVN Excellent analytical, troubleshooting and communication skills Self-starter with motivation and diligence to drive towards results Enthusiasm to learn new tools, technologies and techniques Passion for innovating and using technology to find creative solutions to optimize systems Ability to multitask and adapt to rapidly changing priorities Capital Markets/ Finance domain knowledge (Trade life cycle (Equity / Options / Allocation) , Regulatory reports) Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID383:
Control the design of new and exciting features involving both backend / frontend work Improve website SEO and website / app UI/UX Set up and manage external APIs interacting with betstamp’s backend Optimize database queries and endpoint speed Build analytic features to analyze betstamp’s backend data Port pages from the web to the app or vice versa (and optimize them) Python Django / Django Rest Framework React (web) React Native / Expo (mobile) Strong passion for sports / sports betting 2+ Years of Software Development Experience 
ScrapedJobID384:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Initiative Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID385:
Work on projects aimed at providing management with the tools they need to make strategic decisions; Ensure high levels of BI availability through support functions and in-depth testing; Ensure data quality and data integrity of BI systems and core enterprise systems; Design, code, test and document all new or modified BI solutions included in a BI Architecture/Framework; Identify, research, and resolve BI Tools technical problems; Participate in design, delivery and implementation of customized training and training materials. University degree in computer science or equivalent with 6 or more years of direct work experience; In-depth knowledge of SQL Server RDBMS and SQL language; In-depth knowledge of ETL/BI Tools; Strong analytical and problem solving skills; Strong verbal and written skills (English); Team-oriented and customer-service oriented. Global Excel offers more than a position; We offer a professional future with a competitive compensation including base salary, performance bonus and benefits; Please reach out to your local HR department if you would like to know more about benefits offered in your site. 
ScrapedJobID386:
Support the delivery of high quality technical standards, by supporting projects throughout the development process; Develop open source implementations for GA4GH technical standards, including APIs and new bioinformatics file formats; Develop software to support the implementation of GA4GH technical standards worldwide, such as testbeds, user interfaces, and documentation tools; Write clear and comprehensive documentation; Join project calls with international collaborators to design new tools that will benefit the research community, and to provide updates and demonstrations; and Work alongside members of the volunteer community. University degree in computer sciences, software engineering, bioinformatics, or equivalent; Professional experience with Java or Python; Experience developing REST API services using Flask, Spring Boot, or similar frameworks; Familiarity with version control management via Github; Proficient with collaborative project management and work platforms: Slack, Zoom, Github, etc; Experience with automated software testing and continuous integration (e.g. Travis CI); Strong communication skills (listening, written and verbal) with the capability to share and understand complex technical information while working with others; Collaborative team player who can work well with a wide range of people; Proactive, self-motivated, adaptable, versatile and willing to learn new technologies and topics; Able to manage contributions to multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently; and Able to work well with individuals from diverse fields and backgrounds. Experience developing client tools to consume data from APIs; Experience developing user interfaces in a front end framework, such as React or Angular; Experience with AWS or Google Cloud, particularly storage (e.g. S3, GCS) and compute (e.g. EC2, Compute Engine) platforms; Familiarity with authentication/authorization standards OAuth and OIDC; Familiarity with bioinformatics file formats (e.g. BAM, VCF); Knowledge of additional programming languages, such as JavaScript, Golang, and C; and Experience of research, scientific or academic computing. 
ScrapedJobID387:
Practice agile, test-driven development Collaborate with front-end and full stack developers on different teams to integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic Gather and address technical and design requirements Troubleshoot and debug applications and production issues Work with team members to collaboratively define the roadmap for features and tools Communicate with the team through our productivity tools (Slack, Jira, GitHub, etc.) Contribute to functional specifications, design documents, and architecture diagrams Analyze query performance and perform index tuning Maintain databases performance, backup-restore policies, database security management for users and applications On demand reports and data extracts production for analysts and finance SQL development using best practices and mentoring Apply and develop policies for database management and Access University Degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or a related subject. 5+ years of development experience with a focus on data design, and scaled architectures Experience working on high-traffic websites and databases, leveraging techniques to enable performance availability, security, and monitoring Ability to deliver non-relational data stores when appropriate Ability to conceptualize a technical solution and relay it to team members and stakeholders. Expert level Microsoft database development Extensive knowledge of SQL Azure, SQL Server, and data analysis with expertise in stored procedures, functions, queries, views, and triggers Exposure to a variety of Microsoft products including Azure Blog/Table storage, DocumentDB, SQL Azure, Microsoft PowerBI, and Azure Data Factory Knowledgeable in SQL tools like SSRS & SSIS Strong experience with XML-based data design, and solid experience with ETL applications Hands on experience and interest in working with technologies like C# and .Net Familiarity with Source code management and delivery platforms like GitHub, Azure Dev Ops, and JIRA in a distributed team environment Knowledge of Interbase DB is a plus Thrives working in a technology and KPI-driven organization. Able to thrive in an entrepreneurial environment with ambiguity. Highly functional in a fast paced, constantly changing workplace - building plans through iterations from learning on what’s working and not working. Low ego and a team player. Has the ability to build trust and work through conflict. 
ScrapedJobID388:
Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID389:
Immediately proficient with C++, Python Knowledge of OOP principles Solid understanding of basic networking concepts Experience working with containerized applications using Docker Experienced in using cloud computing concepts and offerings (Preferably AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.) Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills You work well on cross-functional teams and can communicate your decision-making rationale to the team Outstanding team player with initiative, ownership, and accountability A track record of driving projects to completion Action- and goal-oriented and results-driven approach to work Excellent oral and written communication skills A self-learner who likes to stay current with the latest technology We invent and continuously move forward We are open-minded and empowered to think outside the box We collaborate and challenge each other Our passion and quality delivers the result We’ve got integrity We are entrepreneurs Flexible group benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance; Paid vacation days and flexible work schedule; Stimulating projects with international clients; Active social life and sporting challenges even in virtual mode; Flexibility to work remotely, hybrid, or in-office. Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID390:
Translating algorithmic models and analysis into visualizations that are easily understandable by both technical and non-technical audience Interpret UI/UX wireframes, create an inventory of assets for development and translate visual mock-ups into live code Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability Ensure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Designing and implementing product features in collaboration with various stakeholders Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Math, Software Engineering or a related field preferred 2+ years of experience in a development role using JavaScript is required Strong understanding of JavaScript and TypeScript and its paradigms, quirks and workarounds Must know ES6 and its features, including destructuring, arrow functions, and module loaders Good understanding of state managers (such as Redux), libraries and frameworks for virtual DOM implementation Solid understanding of immutability in JavaScript and how to implement it Familiarity with React/mithril an asset Familiarity with mapping software such as mapbox, google maps, deck.gl etc an asset Familiarity with server side programming using node and express an asset Familiarity with reactive programming, observer pattern, RxJS Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates and AJAX Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Familiarity with webpack, GIT, web workers, charting libraries, and SASS Strong communication, organization and time management skills, as well as a willingness to learn 
ScrapedJobID391:
Bonus pay 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID392:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID393:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will work on the Voices web UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to help plan team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Help prepare the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID394:
With supervision and code/design reviews by senior staff, responsible for the timely completion of high quality, well designed and well architected systems that make appropriate use of technology. Responsible for completion of an acceptable volume of work and for the communication of status of personal work plans and tasks required to design, develop, and test assigned portion of projects. Responsible for maintaining currency in technological trends and directions continually upgrading personal technical and IT related skills through research, education and self motivated technology experimentation. Participate in new technology investigation and make recommendations for new technology adoption where appropriate. Other duties as assigned. Computer Science or Engineering degree or equivalent working experience. Sound knowledge of information systems theories, concepts, methods, and techniques. Strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills. Software development knowledge of object oriented programming patterns and scripting languages. Experience with C# (.NET/ .NET Core), Python, and construction of RESTful APIs. Minimum of 3 years of data development experience with an understanding of data management, integration and warehousing patterns and tools; with experience in designing, implementing and optimizing data solutions using PL/SQL, T-SQL, Microsoft SSIS, or equivalents. Experience with relational / multi-dimensional / no-sql database structures and major database platforms, such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, Azure SQL. Exposure to various software development methodologies and practices such as Test Driven Development, Continuous Delivery, Contrainerization, Scrum and Agile. Experience with the following technologies (or similar): Jira, GitHub, Jenkins, Nexus, UrbanCode. Must be able to provide technical design solutions and ensure all technology options are considered Resourcefulness, creativity, good judgement and ability to learn/pick up new things quickly. Willingness to explore new technologies and understanding how they work. Pay for performance environment that offers competitive salary and incentives Numerous opportunities for professional growth and development Comprehensive employer paid benefits coverage, including a Health Spending Account Guaranteed retirement income through a defined benefit pension plan Competitive time off Discount programs including Edvantage and Perkopolis Degreed: a digital platform that helps you quickly and easily discover, share, and track ALL kinds of learning resources — from courses to videos to articles and more. 
ScrapedJobID395:
Develop high-quality, reusable, and scalable code Provide guidance on implementation and design best practices to other developers Produce design artifacts such as class diagrams and sequence diagrams for Roku library features or client solutions. Implement product features within a team using best practices to meet product deliverables Implement new features and enhance existing code to increase operating efficiency and extensibility and/or adapt programs to new requirements. Participate in Agile sprint planning sessions and provide constructive feedback Help the Product Management team with high-level estimation and clarification of technical implementation of features. Prepare software packages for deployment that adhere to the defined standard deployment policies. Generate product documentation for releases Mentor Junior developers throughout the development lifecycle Experience in designing and implementing enterprise-grade software. Strong knowledge of Bright Script for Roku and familiarity with Roku app development challenges Familiarity with Roku API’s and libraries Experience in using REST APIs on Roku application Experience with UI/UX implementation on Roku Understanding of multimedia content delivery protocols such as HLS, DASH Experience in using media players on various Roku platform Understanding of distributed multi-tier infrastructure. Experience in working independently and in cooperation with others Architecture skills Experience with framework/library development Familiarity with git, GitHub and Git Flow An understanding of automated testing on Roku Easy-going and flexible individual who can integrate and function within a pre-existing team Self-starter can operate with minimal direction Excellent oral and written communication skills capable of leading design/architecture & training sessions. A creative thinker and experienced problem solver. 
ScrapedJobID396:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday JavaScript framework (React, Angular etc): 1 year (preferred) SQL: 1 year (preferred) academic software or electrical engineering studies: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID397:
Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule On-site parking Work from home Do you have experience with Amazon FBA ? How many years of experience with Amazon Seller Central ? Amazon: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID398:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Public transportation is available Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Extranet Intranet File management software Image editing software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software Programming languages Software development Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Desktop applications Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID399:
Position status: Permanent Start date: As soon as possible Salary: To be discussed Work schedule: Full-Time, flexible Location: Chateauguay, Quebec Remote work within Canada available Develop and maintain clean, efficient, secure, and well-engineered back-end code that conforms with accepted standards; Produce detailed specifications for each new feature or enhancement; Communicate and collaborate effectively with team members; Proactively identify opportunities for process and software improvements and make constructive suggestions for change; Identify new technologies that can improve product development and the user experience; Work closely with databases; Build and maintain unit tests; Design and create web services for front-end use and integration with other systems; Ensure that customer issues and technology failures are detected, isolated, and resolved rapidly, and prevented from happening again; Create and adhere to timelines for multiple projects and stakeholders. College diploma or a bachelor’s degree in computer sciences or a related field; 1 or more years of experience developing in PHP; Experience with one or more modern back-end frameworks, such as Symfony, Laravel, Zend, CakePHP, etc.; Experience with MySQL or similar DBMS; Experience with XML, Web Services and REST; Good Linux experience (we mainly use Ubuntu and CentOS); Experience in reading functional specifications; Experience with GitHub or equivalent code repositories; Experience with Docker or other container technologies; Experience with collaboration tools, such as Confluence, Jira, Google Docs, etc.; Professional proficiency in French and English, both oral and written; It's a plus if you also have experience with… Agile / Scrum Jenkins ElasticSearch Postman Concept of Test Driven Design (TDD) Concept with extreme programming (or peer programming). Have a sense of initiative, and be self-directed and self-motivated; Strong analytical and problem solving skills; Ability to work on several projects at the same time; Ability and willingness to learn other technologies and new ways of doing things; Ability to adapt and master a mix of rapidly changing environments; Ability to work independently or in a team; Be a good negotiator while keeping an open mind; Be critical while being constructive; Pay attention to details (visual, functional, and others) and be able to suggest corrections or improvements; Be organized and know how to manage your time well; Demonstrates responsibility and commitment; Have a positive attitude. Knowledgeable and highly-skilled team; Training possibilities (on-line and in-person); Great work-life balance; Competitive salaries and advantages; Medical Benefits; Gym on site; Team activities & Happy Hours; Sports Leagues; Cafeteria service; Free parking and coffee; PHP Programmer Back-End Developer Back-End Programmer Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Do you live in the Greater Montreal area? PHP: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID400:
Core Java Developer with 5-8 years of experience. Strong experience in real time low latency multi threaded server side application development. Well versed in Core Java 8 and above preferable with knowledge of new features like Executor framework Generics etc. Experience in collections HashMap concurrency packages and ArrayList sorting algorithm. Proficiency in Database Management Systems SQL Server, Sybase, Oracle and designing querying. Fair knowledge of J2EE web frameworks, Spring, Hibernate and web services. 
ScrapedJobID401:
Develop and analyze software solutions for hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Analyze third party software for possible hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Assist in the training of customers and/or internal personnel in the use of all supported software and systems. Create Design documents as required to ensure that requirements are implemented to meet customer’s expectations. Perform Verification/Validation of software and systems. Troubleshoot software/system issues as required. Work closely with the Software Quality Assurance team to provide input into Test Cases. Maintain coding standards and best practices for software development and participate in the code review process to ensure that quality is built into the software. Work closely with the Software Manager, Senior Software Developer, Team Lead and team members to ensure that timelines for software/system deliverables are achieved. Follow the established standards developed for source code archiving to ensure that the software build/release process is tightly controlled using source control tools. Perform other job related duties as required by the Manager. Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or must be able to demonstrate a successful track record in a relevant field. Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Previous Application Software Development experience is a strong asset. Previous experience with C#, Java, or C++. Exciting and challenging work environment Comprehensive benefits package Training and development opportunities – we believe every employee deserves a development plan. Come, learn, and grow with us! 
ScrapedJobID402:
Experience in Python and Javascript programming Development of back-end, microservice infrastructure in Python Application and front-end development in React.js Mobile App development with React Native an asset Knowledge and experience developing microservices Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies, specifically Google Cloud Platform Knowledge and experience developing containerised applications with Docker Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID403:
Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift No weekends Do you have valid work permit in Canada? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID404:
4+ years experience (or project equivalents) in graphic design
Strong understanding of common tools such as the Adobe / Affinity suites Strong understanding of common tools such as the Adobe / Affinity suites Experience with HTML/CSS Webflow experience and projects Basic experience with JS/jQuery Strong portfolio demonstrating: Web development projects
Graphic design projects Web development projects Graphic design projects Strong understanding of UX/UI best practices/principles Design and develop the marketing website, landing pages and more to better serve & address customer problems Create graphics, design layouts for email, as well as the HTML/CSS coding of email templates Creating prototypes, reviewing, and iterating on versions with team members Managing and maintaining third party services on the core website Create graphic materials such as social advertisements for a landing page Occasionally help with other graphic materials such as sales collateral Amazing product with incredible traction. This is a rare opportunity to build something special Work remotely. In your pajamas. From the beach. From the beach in your pajamas. We measure impact on what you accomplish Opportunity to learn and grow - we're all infinite learners Be a part of a BIG vision that's inspiring and unique Work remotely Competitive pay and stock options vesting from day 1 Health, dental, and long term disability benefits from day 1 Flexible work hours and work from home Holiday shut down Speak and write English fluently Send us a quick 1 minute YouTube video breaking down a landing page that you love 
ScrapedJobID405:
Angular Python Google App Engine Work in an agile environment Work with team to deliver value to customers Write high quality, maintainable code Work closely with product and design teams to provide technical solutions Participate in code reviews Develop and maintain documentation Lead specific projects or features as assigned within engineering team Competitive salary Generous stock options Health and dental benefits Free snacks and drinks Team lunches and monthly events Diverse projects, cutting-edge tools and freedom to experiment You'll work remotely (like everyone else during this pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID406:
Utilize HTML/CSS and email marketing best practices to create and code interactive experiences for email. Develop/modify email templates and existing campaigns. Contribute to the continued modernization and evolution of the brand. Apply the best practices in email development, email compliance regulations, and accessibility. Set up, test, and launch complex email campaigns with dynamic content, and SMS messaging. Execute email campaigns with a heavy emphasis on customer segmentation, testing protocol, and technical execution. Perform QA. Ensure identical rendering across browsers, ESPs, and devices. Troubleshoot HTML, CSS, and other performance issues. Proactively work with teammates to improve processes and work methods for greater efficiency. Perform coding and database maintenance tasks as required. Relevant email development work experience. Advanced knowledge and understanding of HTML/CSS. Proficient in responsive email design and front-end development. Experience with JavaScript, Adobe Creative Suite, and Salesforce Marketing Cloud (formerly ExactTarget). Working knowledge of SQL and AMPscript is a huge plus. Preferably with Liquid, Google Analytics, MJML experience, but not required Knowledgeable of email compliance regulations. Familiarity with email marketing and marketing automation technology. Testing Coding QA Communication Skills Project Management Multitasker Collaborative Skills Currently working remotely Future opportunities to build working remotely into the employment norms Flexible Sick day policy Sponsored Time off for the Holidays Family First Philosophy Casual Dress Code* Flexible working hours Training & Development Budget Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Secondary School (required) email development: 3 years (required) English (required) 
ScrapedJobID407:
4+ years experience (or project equivalents) in graphic design
Strong understanding of common tools such as the Adobe / Affinity suites Strong understanding of common tools such as the Adobe / Affinity suites Experience with HTML/CSS Webflow experience and projects Basic experience with JS/jQuery Strong portfolio demonstrating: Web development projects
Graphic design projects Web development projects Graphic design projects Strong understanding of UX/UI best practices/principles Design and develop the marketing website, landing pages and more to better serve & address customer problems Create graphics, design layouts for email, as well as the HTML/CSS coding of email templates Creating prototypes, reviewing, and iterating on versions with team members Managing and maintaining third party services on the core website Create graphic materials such as social advertisements for a landing page Occasionally help with other graphic materials such as sales collateral Amazing product with incredible traction. This is a rare opportunity to build something special Work remotely. In your pajamas. From the beach. From the beach in your pajamas. We measure impact on what you accomplish Opportunity to learn and grow - we're all infinite learners Be a part of a BIG vision that's inspiring and unique Work remotely Competitive pay and stock options vesting from day 1 Health, dental, and long term disability benefits from day 1 Flexible work hours and work from home Holiday shut down Speak and write English fluently Send us a quick 1 minute YouTube video breaking down a landing page that you love 
ScrapedJobID408:
Angular Python Google App Engine Work in an agile environment Work with team to deliver value to customers Write high quality, maintainable code Work closely with product and design teams to provide technical solutions Participate in code reviews Develop and maintain documentation Lead specific projects or features as assigned within engineering team Competitive salary Generous stock options Health and dental benefits Free snacks and drinks Team lunches and monthly events Diverse projects, cutting-edge tools and freedom to experiment You'll work remotely (like everyone else during this pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID409:
Develop and maintain Vendasta’s own web pages with the WordPress-based product Website Pro, while following company standards and protocols for development and UXUI design Delivery of full-cycle web development & design projects with heavy emphasis on responsive website and mobile sites Plan and execute site design by clarifying goals from stakeholders Develop site content and graphics by coordinating with other teams and employees Design images, icons, banners, audio enhancements, etc. Update existing web pages in both HTML and WordPress Develop design standards and processes for the Vendasta website Optimize website for SEO, performance, and analytics Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (considered an asset), or equivalent experience 2+ years of demonstrated experience in web and UXUI design & usability as well as current web standards Proficiency with WordPress Graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Familiarity with PHP, Javascript, HTML and CSS Familiarity with basic SEO and performance best practices Experience with Adobe creative suite (Photoshop, InDesign) An eye for typography, composition and colour with pixel-level attention to detail Experience with Google Analytics Please be prepared to show us a portfolio of your previous web development & design accomplishments (WordPress, HTML, CSS, Php, Photoshop etc.). 
ScrapedJobID410:
Be part of the design and development of the Lucova platform Prepare any documentation and specifications as needed to communicate solutions to senior team members Learn and implement quality standards and processes, as well as become proficient in the Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards Tests, tests, tests! We love test scripts, and anything that can help us troubleshoot and debug It’s a fast paced environments so having great time management skills is a must Join other team members on client engagements and presentations Education: Bachelor degree with a technical major in engineering or computer science or equivalent in experience and expertise 1-3 yrs experience with frontend web application development (side projects, work related experience, industry experience) Strong working knowledge with HTML/Javascript/CSS Strong working knowledge with Javascript application framework (Angular or similar) Experience with Chrome Dev Tools Experience with CSS preprocessors, JS package managers, and task runners an asset Strong attention to details, security and delivery on specifications Demonstrate initiative, an ability to multitask, and time management skills A chance to work with a core set of passionate individuals Hands-on opportunity to help shape the future of the company A chance to disrupt the in-store status quo through the development of innovative solutions Exposure to startup culture A great team that will support and grow you in your role, as you support us 
ScrapedJobID411:
8 hour shift Java: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Node.js: 4 years (required) React: 4 years (required) Angular: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID412:
Worked for the past 5+ years as a C# Developer in an enterprise environment Spent several years writing code to streamline, automate, and transform processes within an o365 environment Helped to strategize, develop and troubleshoot migration issues and used best practice Use PowerShell scripts for automation Design developed applications and tools to support an o365 infrastructure migration Create a solid infrastructure that can be used for future migrations Utilize APIs (Graph API, REST, SDK, OLAP) and develop calls to integrate o365 applications Advanced SQL programming skills Knowledge Unified Communications exp (Teams, Zoom) Office 365 migration tools (Sharegate/Quest/mover.io/etc). Understanding of eComms, Information barriers, Data classifications, Data leakage protection etc. 
ScrapedJobID413:
Hands on experience on the below backend technologies  JAVA 1.8 Hands on experience in front end technologies  HTML Ability to coordinate the requirements with BA, Effort Estimation and conducting code reviews Ability to support release activities and postproduction support coordination Resolving technical challenges for the team members Good communication for coordinating with STOs and other stakeholders Banking implementation experience is must Willing to work in EST hours 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID414:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications JavaScript Software development Salesforce Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID415:
4+ years experience writing software, preferably in web-development. 2+ years experience working with Ruby on Rails with an advanced/expert understanding of the framework. Knowledge of Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. 2+ years of experience working on the delivery of large, cross-functional projects. Experience leading and/or mentoring junior developers. Experience working in each stage of the software development lifecycle, i.e., requirements gathering to maintain the application in production environments. Strong software development fundamentals including data structures and algorithms. Strong understanding of unit testing and system/integration testing. Willingness to spend time researching solutions and working with new technologies. Sharp analytical abilities and design skills. Highly adaptable - a typical day can require multiple context-switches given the nature of a startup. Experience working with AWS services, e.g. RDS, ECS, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFormation. We make heavy use of AWS in our infrastructure. Experience with RSpec or any other test framework relevant to Ruby on Rails. Experience coding in Kotlin. Experience developing integrations with external services (e.g., Microsoft Teams apps, Zoom apps, Slack apps). Experience or interest in machine learning. Experience working in a startup. Being based out of the Greater Toronto Area would be an asset. Start date: As soon as possible. Employment type: Full-time. Location: Remote (our tech & product team is mainly located in Toronto, Canada). Compensation: $100k-$125K CAD, depending on experience. 15 paid vacation/personal/sick days. 10 additional paid vacation days per year after 2 years at Pavestep. Your birthday off. Your significant other’s birthday off. Every 4th Friday of the month off. Every 2nd Friday of the month is half day. No work communications during off-hours $65 CAD monthly education allowance. $650 CAD annual technology allowance. Annual company retreats. Coverage/reimbursement for healthcare/dental/insurance. Step 1: Complete the application. Step 2: 30-minute introductory call. Step 3: 1-hour technical interview with collaborative “whiteboard” session. Step 4: 15-minute behavioural interview. Step 5: Offer letter! Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday How many years of work experience do you have using Ruby on Rails? How many years of software development experience do you have? How many years of experience do you have leading/mentoring junior developers? Do you have any experience developing application integrations with Zoom, Slack, Microsoft Teams, and/or Microsoft Outlook? Do you have any experience with Kotlin? Yes 
ScrapedJobID416:
Work with the Lead Developer, Designers, Project Managers, Backend Developers, and other stakeholders on developing web3 products, platforms, and tools. Implement User Interfaces and User Experiences that bridge blockchain interactions and engagement. Integrate backends, web2 & web3 stacks, and 3rd party APIs. Perform QA for yourself and peer-reviews, testing for accessibility, aesthetics, usability, API integrations, security, and cross-browser compatibility. Javascript Electron TypeScript Node.js React web3 Ethers Git Clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution 3+ years of experience with React 1+ years of experience integrating wallets (e.g. MetaMask, WalletConnect), cryptocurrencies, blockchains, NFTs A strong intuition to learn further web3 concepts Collaborative energy and ability to work well in teams Strong work ethic and passion Strongly preferred: A portfolio, graphic design experience (e.g. Figma, the GIMP, Photoshop), experience using sockets/WebSockets. Bonus: Experience with other front-end frameworks (e.g. Vue, Angular), queuing (e.g. RabbitMQ, AWS SQS), containers (e.g. Docker), Electron, Jenkins, cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), and previous experience with a web3 team. Highly skilled in learning on the job and continuously learning Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Mature, professional, driven, empathetic. Experience in blockchain or crypto industry Joining a great growth-centric, exciting team culture A chance to make a difference in a growing company Exciting projects and an opportunity to shape our future Competitive compensation and benefits package Flexibility A focus and support on professional development - we value ongoing learning 
ScrapedJobID417:
Job Type: Full-time. Keywords: Developer, Java, JSON, RESTful APIs, Web services, C#, .Net. Job Location: Canada. Flexibility: Efficient and disciplined professionals can work from home, or in hybrid mode at the office and at home. Competitive compensation package based on proficiency and experience. Generous and unique benefits. Possibility of rapid advancement based on performance. The person in this role will learn to work with the Salesforce platform. The person in this role can progress onto the role of Salesforce Developer. Analyze complex business problems and requirements. Contribute to the design and implementation of solutions on the Salesforce platform (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Experience Cloud, CPQ, etc.). Including but not limited to: flow, workflow, process builder, APEX trigger, batch jobs, Lightning components, visual flows and integrations to third party applications via API (web services - REST/JSON). Work in close collaboration with various internal teams and external customers. MANDATORY: 2+ years of development experience using one or several of Java, JSON, RESTful APIs, Web services, C#, .Net. MANDATORY: Good written and spoken English. BA or College/CEGEP degree in IT or equivalent, or self-taught with a high level of competency. Good cultural fit: helpfulness, communication, dynamism, motivation, autonomy. #WeCareWeLead unique culture of helpfulness and leadership with all colleagues and customers. High growth company with its dynamism and challenges. Flexible schedule and ability to work from home. Personal and professional growth. Generous and unique benefits. 1% Pledge with Nonprofits. 
ScrapedJobID418:
Design and develop our Platform services and applications by following patterns and best practices Evaluate product implementation plans to deliver highly scalable and reusable services Develop high-quality code to implement business value Implement and maintain applications and services using CI/CD pipelines to automate the distribution process 70% Writing code and unit tests for microservices 20% Collaboration with customers to understand their requirements and the context for the software 5% Attending daily stand-ups, and other meetings 5% Exploring new technologies outside the scope of project deliverables BSc in Computer Science or a related field 2-3 years of experience in professional web development Minimum 2 years of experience in Dotnet Core or Python Experience working on different cloud providers (AWS, AZURE, GCP) Developing and using RESTful APIs Good experience with shared code and use of source control platforms (GitHub) Knowledge of Agile software development processes Experience working in a DevOps/Continuous Delivery environment and associated toolsets (CircleCI, JIRA) Skilled with writing and maintaining automated unit tests Great communication skills as a member of a Remote-First team Passion for web technologies and a desire to remain up to date with the latest technologies AWS - Infrastructure as Code (CDK, Terraform) Experience working with Lambdas Strong knowledge of object-oriented and asynchronous programming in JavaScript/TypeScript Experience working on high-traffic, responsive websites and applications Experience with Data Warehouse Experience interacting and coordinating UI designs with business React Experience Work with a team of supportive, highly skilled professionals on leading edge technology A strong mentorship culture to help you grow and succeed professionally A flexible vacation policy where you decide how many vacation days you need Education & Training stipends to support your personal career goals Hardware and workstation allowance to ensure you are set up to do your best work at home We are a remote-first company and always will be! 
ScrapedJobID419:
Evolve and enhance our core applications Participate in the analysis, elaboration, and estimation of customer requirements and specifications Design, develop, and deploy new production-quality features and functionality that meet customer requirements Create and maintain technical documentation Maintain and improve existing code, including monitoring for backend errors, reporting errors to internal bug tracking system Educate, guide, and interact with our customers’ technical staff throughout their development and integration efforts Collaborate with application support to analyze, troubleshoot, reproduce, and resolve production issues reported by customers Work with other team members on release planning and deployment activities Innovate and improve development and implementation processes and tools by advocating technologies and designs that promote efficiency, reliability, and reusability Be proactive, facilitate knowledge sharing, and continually improve our activities Perform design and code reviews, assist with refactoring, and provide guidance and mentoring to other developers Responsible for day to day tasks of assigned by Product Owners, Project manager Provide technical solutions to Project/Product Managers and company Solution Architect Ensure all personal deliverables are done with highest level of quality Ensure that the goals and objectives are accomplished within defined timeframes and allocated budgets Analyze business requirements, provide the feedback to stakeholders Plan, implement and support continuous integration processes Perform technical investigation of customer support issues and provide resolution Track time and deliver time-sheets on weekly basis Perform technical research and present innovative solutions which contribute to company success Other tasks as assigned 1+ years’ software engineering and IT experience Experience using software best practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Strong debugging and analytical skills Knowledge of relational databases and SQL; and cryptography and security Worked as part of Scrum teams or similar iterative Agile development methodologies Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in software engineering or computer science Practiced continuous improvement and promoted knowledge sharing Strong organizational skills, capable of managing assigned tasks and meeting deadlines Excellent interpersonal, communication, collaboration, and writing skills Ability to conduct technological analyses and research Excellent communication skills In-depth knowledge of web systems architecture, design and development Experience with project management, including AGILE, SCRUM and Waterfall Proactive problem solver Multi-tasking capabilities with ability to adjust to paced environment Works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from technical management Attention to details Comport in spoken and written English is a plus Experience in Core Java, J2EE, and Java frameworks such as Spring, and Hibernate Experience with MVC frameworks, OOD, Design Patterns, Testing frameworks Programming expertise in XML technologies and Web services Database design and development with practical knowledge of PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle Extensive experience in SQL, PL/SQL, store procedures Proficiency in Unix Operation Systems with experience in Linux / Bash scripting Working knowledge of TCP/IP, networking, security, SSL, SSH Familiarity with public Cloud providers (AWS, GCE, Azure) Knowledge of Apache Wickets framework Experience with test automation tools such as Selenium Experience with Apache and NGINX configuration Knowledge of Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and Service desk. Understanding of SOAP, experience with RESTful, JQuery, JSON other APIs Experience in distributed applications a plus. Experience in HTML5 technologies, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS, Ajax and JavaScript/jQuery. Practical knowledge of development and build tools such as Jenkins, GIT, Subversion, Maven, Ant, Gradle etc.) Practical knowledge of Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Experience with financial math is a plus Understanding of Linux containers and orchestrators (Docker, Kubernetes) is a plus Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Software design and development 
ScrapedJobID420:
Transform ML Prototypes into working products that can be used by business units seamlessly. Work with business units to understand integration requirements to ensure models are delivered to meet business needs Productionalize models in our Azure cloud environment, while also maintaining high quality, reusable code Optimize ML models/code developed by Data scientists - for performance and scalability Ensure that all production models and jobs related to the model are working properly in terms of actual execution and scheduling Automate and abstract different repeatable routines that are present in most machine learning tasks Constantly seek performance improvements and decide which ML technologies will be used in production environment Provide support to Data Scientists to design, build, implement, and optimize ML solutions Bachelor’s in computer science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field Master’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field Azure Data science and ML certifications 1 or more years of experience with ML model operationalization 1 years of Machine learning experience, mathematical and statistical knowledge, Python, R, Spark 1 or more years of experience with Azure or any other cloud ML build and implementation Proficiency in R, Python, Spark ML Model building and deployment experience in Cloud Knowledge of scalable, distributed systems using Cloud Providers such as Microsoft Azure will be preferred Experience with using Dockers effectively Experience with Data Bricks and Kubernetes will be an asset Mathematical and statistical knowledge MLOps Experience preferred Familiarity with Tensorflow or Pytorch will be an asset 
ScrapedJobID421:
Provide Consultancy and architecture support for new application development Produce high-quality, testable, and optimally deployed code for recordkeeping systems Design & Develops web applications using SOA, Microservices, and container technologies. Develop applications in the cloud using Java, spring boot, and related cloud platform services. Minimum 5- years' experience with building enterprise applications (Full-stack development across distributed applications and services using Java/J2EE, Spring, Spring-boot, RESTful services, Angular. Senior-level knowledge of middleware Java stack, messaging technologies, containerization, web containers, and test automation. Minimum of 3-years' experience of CI/CD (with tools such as Jenkins, Udeploy, Python. Experience with relational and non-relational databases. Working experience of Inversion of Control, dependency injection, and MVC design pattern. Experience with cloud platforms preferably MS Azure Event-based systems, functional programming, and messaging frameworks such as Kafka and EMS. 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID422:
Design, develop, deploy, and maintain software solutions with a focus on quality and simplicity, keeping performance, maintainability, and reliability in mind Communicate effectively with the team members to identify and resolve technical issues Work closely with the product team to understand and implement the business requirements Follow standards and processes to complete and support application projects 1-4 years of experience in software development Interest in health care and how technology can be used to improve it Experience working with modern web technologies and cloud-based solutions A self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision and adapt to the changing needs of a project Effective communication skills with technical and non-technical team members in a fully remote working environment A desire for continuous growth through mentorship, peer review, and individual contributions A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field Proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, React Native, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres Experience with SQL, TypeORM or other ORM frameworks Experience with AWS and CircleCI Commitment to your development and growth through a professional development budget, in-house coaching, and mentorship Work remotely at a company that has been remote-first for years Work with a high-energy, fast-paced, and high-performing team Salary: 75-110k/year, commensurate with experience + benefits package Necessary equipment and tools to enable you to do your best work A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to make a tremendous impact on the vision and success of the company Profit sharing and paid vacation Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Are you eligible to work in Canada without employer sponsorship? Yes 
ScrapedJobID423:
Power BI Report development Building Analysis Services reporting models Developing visual reports, KPI scorecards, and dashboards using Power BI desktop Connecting data sources, importing data, and transforming data for Business intelligence Analytical thinking for translating data into informative reports and visuals Capable of implementing row-level security on data along with an understanding of application security layer models in Power BI Should have an edge over making DAX queries in Power BI desktop Expert in using advanced-level calculations on the data set Responsible for design methodology and project documentaries Should be able to develop tabular and multidimensional models that are compatible with data warehouse standards Very good communication skills must be able to discuss the requirements effectively with the client teams, and with internal teams 4-5 years of overall experience required Experience with PowerBI, SQL, Cognos Must have strong Cognos experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Applications, or related field Monday to Friday Power BI: 4 years (required) Cognos: 4 years (required) SQL: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID424:
Experience using modern CMS, web development languages and web application frameworks (e.g. Drupal, PHP, C#, .NET, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Sass, AJAX, Bootstrap, Angular) Understanding of UI / UX, responsive design, web accessibility and web search principles Familiar with the use of full-stack development environments (e.g. Linux OS, Windows OS, Git, Jenkins, Docker, Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, IIS, AWS, Azure) Working knowledge of relational database concepts and SQL, can develop applications/integrations using APIs, web services, single sign-on and enterprise databases (e.g Oracle, PL/SQL, REST-based services, XML, JSON) Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle and Agile software development methodologies Applies software development coding standards, data privacy, secure coding, and quality assurance best practices Ability to communicate effectively with interdisciplinary teams, technical and non-technical staff at varying levels while exercising courtesy, professionalism, tact and discretion Flexible and adaptable with learning, understanding and applying new technologies, methodologies, tools and programming languages Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Must be able to participate in meetings and group discussions, create formal and informal documentation as necessary Proven analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills, ability to investigate and assess software-related issues and products Highly self-motivated and directed Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Keen attention to detail and a quality driven mindset Collaboration & Collegiality Continuous Learning & Information Seeking Effective Interactive Communication Initiative Integrity & Accountability Student & Service Focus Analytical Thinking Accuracy and Attention to Detail Conceptual Thinking Results Oriented Effective Task and Time Management Creative Thinking Technical Expertise Problem Solving & Judgement Fostering Innovation 
ScrapedJobID425:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance analysis and documentation to ensure that software meets business needs Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend style guides and templates for scalability across application use Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, maintaining existing code and refactor to meet deadlines or to increase maintainability, performance, and responsiveness Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain front end dev standards, technologies, and tools. Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End development for team growth Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass etc. Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux lifecyclesNode.js) Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant applications Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new technologies to improve the architecture and boost page speed Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized problem solving and troubleshooting skills Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID426:
C#, VB.NET, VB6, T-SQL, LINQ, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular, VBScript, UML Have Production Support Experience .NET 
ScrapedJobID427:
Provide technical guidance and leadership through the design, implementation and delivery of large technical projects that cross-cut products (e.g. upgrading system versions and refactoring integral product components) Conduct directed research and technical analysis of new candidate technologies that fill a development team's business or technical need Provide technical advice, act as a role model for your teammates, flawlessly execute complicated plans, and navigate many levels of the organization. Contribute to, define and track project level work on large technical projects while ensuring visibility to team Deliver technical training on your portions of the Hootsuite technology & product stack Contribute enhancements to development, build, deployment, and monitoring processes with an emphasis on security, reliability and performance Deliver process improvements which increases ease of adoption and implementation by your entire team Participate in the development of the technical hiring process and interview scripts with an aim of attracting and hiring the best developers Demonstrated experience with an ideal minimum of 2 roles or companies, building your experience base Experience in leading the design, development, deployment of multiple systems or products Ability to think in terms of optimal technical solutions for business problems Effective in collaborating on business problems with non-technical peers in the organization Experience with mentoring, coaching, and pairing with coworkers Experience conducting technical interviews with developers at various levels of experience Ability to plan, articulate and gain organizational alignment on a technical vision Ability to stay on top of technical direction/frameworks beyond Hootsuite and advocate for their adoption at Hootsuite Proven ability to deliver both customer value and innovative technical solutions Ability to recognize and communicate broad technical issues and contribute ideas on how to resolve them Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding Decision Making: consistently chooses the best course of action (from a number of alternatives) to address business problems and/or opportunities Influence: Asserts own ideas and persuades others, gaining support and commitment and mobilizing people to take action Priority Setting: focuses time/energy on the most important issues/opportunities. Clearly understand how to assess importance of tasks and decisions Problem Solving: uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID428:
React and React Native Jamstack: headless CMSes like Drupal 9, Strapi, Sanity, Forestry, etc. Netlify SendGrid and Twilio Site builders like Hugo and Next.js E-commerce using both React and Stripe Svelte.js Building web components with Stencil.js GraphQL Using Airtable for quick data modelling Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday What are the top 5 inspiring things you've seen on the web in the last six weeks? Yes 
ScrapedJobID429:
post-secondary graduates, who are up to 30 years, or younger, at the start of the internship; legally entitled to work in Canada (ONLY candidates with Canadian citizen, Permanent Resident or person who has been granted refugee status); and, self-assess as underemployed, meaning they are employed below their level of education, outside their field of study, or hold part-time employment. Flexible schedule Work from home Day shift Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? Are you currently in school ore recently graduated? Yes 
ScrapedJobID430:
Mobile: React native + TypeScript Backend: Node + TypeScript Database: PostgreSQL CI Pipeline: CircleCI Amazon Web Services (ECS, RDS, S3, SQS, etc.) Work with a team of skilled software engineers creating a rapidly growing and evolving consumer-facing platform. Look for opportunities to ideate and improve the product and continually expand what is possible through technology. Work within a cross functional team aimed at delivering high valued solutions. Work with modern TypeScript frameworks and tooling. Code, test and implement full stack solutions to meet business needs. Maintain code quality and best practices across the stack. You think digital-first and believe all customer experiences should be simple and effective. Are obsessed with clean code, best practises and thorough documentation. A creative problem solver that can develop a plan, take ownership of tasks, and are outcome focused. A team player, technical advocate, keen to flush out and share ideas with your team. An exceptional communicator able to articulate technical issues in plain language. You keep up to date on web and mobile development trends and understanding how it applies to our customers’ needs. You understand web/application security and the importance of data privacy. At least 2 years of solid hands-on programming experience, with a sizable portion in JavaScript/ Typescript. Experience with React Native and state management (Redux, reselect, etc.). A strong understanding of APIs with experiencing building well documented APIs according to the OpenAPI standard. Good understanding of data structures and experience with relational databases You have written unit tests and have some knowledge of JavaScript/ Typescript-based testing frameworks. Experience with source control (e.g. Git + Github) and modern software delivery techniques and tools, including pull requests. Some exposure to DevOps best practices and cloud computing. Post-secondary degree or diploma in a computer or design related program. Experience with AWS, continuous integration tools and automated testing. Genuine passion about sustainability / climate change and tackling challenging problems Experience and success in both small startup environments and large matrix organizations 
ScrapedJobID431:
Manufacture Startup company C SQL Python Programming languages Software development SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID432:
Be an active leader in the workplace by applying your stellar communication skills by giving excellent feedback to all of your team members at weekly sprint meetings and other fun and innovative team meetings. Be passionate about the company. Be an innovative and creative thinker. Want to make positive changes in the aviation and fleet management industry. Architect, design, and implement scalable, secure, highly available, backend services. Manage DevOps with code reviews and quality for internal and external teams. Design, develop, document, and maintain APIs serving a full suite of digital products/apps. Make every user interaction with our product a delightful and polished experience, while contributing to a culture of excellence around the creative use of technology. Follow industry trends and maintain a strong interest in cutting-edge technology. Developing additional functionality of the MH IoT services. Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in computer science or software engineering or similar fields. Strong working experience with C# and Net Core software framework. Strong design patterns knowledge. Proficient with version control (Git). Intermediate or above relational and non-relational database design experience(MySQL). Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? ASP.NET Core: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID433:
You design and implement appealing solutions using latest tools and frameworks You collaborate with product owners and designers to understand user requirements You contribute actively to the analysis and optimization of existing software components You assure high quality and stability with automated and manual tests You work in a cross-functional team employing an iterative, incremental approach You adopt new technologies like machine learning and artificial intelligence University degree (Bachelor or Master) in computer science, information technology, engineering, natural sciences or similar Fluent in English language skills, both written and spoken, French is an asset Solid programming skills in at least one language like ABAP, Java, JavaScript, C++ or similar Strong analytical and logical skills Database knowledge (SQL, SQL script procedures, views etc.) Some exposure to business processes in supply chain management Competitive salary and yearly bonus Attractive benefit package Interesting and challenging projects Long term career path in an international environment Valuable in-house trainings in SAP and programming Working in a cross-functional team using agile development methodology Brand new prestigious office located in the heart of Montreal Flexibility on work location and work hours Collaboration with highly qualified IT experts Working closely together with key customers to develop our solutions Contributing actively to customer engagement activities (E.g: Design Thinking) Cooperating closely with international development teams and stakeholders 
ScrapedJobID434:
Continuous Posting Participate as a member of the Community Education Team, and execute overall planning and implementation of programmatic content and curricular-based projects. Design and develop recovery-orientated and awareness-based education sessions, self-directed modules, and learning materials for youth and adult participants in a variety of school, workplace, and community-based settings. Monitor curriculum effectiveness and improvement initiatives through data, observation, and feedback received from Community Education staff and participants. Identify necessary content changes, tailor activities to involve a variety of group sizes, and create materials to meet the unique needs of targeted populations. Continually review best practices and new findings in the fields of youth engagement, workplace wellness, mental health, recovery, resiliency, stress management, supportive skills, and suicide prevention. Remain current with new policies, external training, community services, resources and legislation applicable to mental health prevention and promotion. Document and summarize literature reviews, trends, and emerging evidence on mental health education. Record frequency, location, and participant type for downloaded tools, and maintain inventory on current program learning materials. Collaborate with Community Education Facilitators, Communications Designers, and participants/service users in the development of content and learning materials. Ongoing consultation and connections with various internal CMHA Calgary programs, including Recovery College, Peer Support, School of Peer Support, Counselling, and other operational projects and initiatives. Provide occasional program facilitation and administrative duties, as needed. Provide occasional support for community events, wellness fairs, and information sessions, as needed. A minimum of a bachelor’s degree with a focus on education, public health, and/or curriculum development. A minimum of 3 years professional experience as a curriculum developer, teacher, instructor, or group facilitator. Lived experience is an asset. Strong project management, analytical, and organizational skills, with the ability to handle multiple priorities. Ability to design and implement required deliverables in an effective and efficient manner. A robust understanding of education systems, youth and adult learning principals, pedagogy, and both facilitator-led and self-directed methods of delivery. Knowledge of local mental health and/or addiction services, school systems, and community agencies. Ability to research and create curriculum to meet community and population specific needs. Strong skills for virtual facilitation and online self-directed learning, including knowledge surrounding the functions and operations of various online platforms, and adaptation of engagement activities. Excellent computer skills including Microsoft Office suite, zoom, and the use of the internet. Demonstrated competence in verbal, written, and computer-based communication styles. Determined, action oriented and committed to personal and organizational excellence. Sound judgement and the ability to work independently and as part of a team. High level of initiative, self-motivation, self-awareness, and self-management. Flexible and adaptable to changing community needs and emergent issues. Able to engage in active listening, and provide and accept constructive feedback. Effective conflict resolution, problem-solving, and decision-making skills. Approachable, accessible, and facilitates cooperation. Promotes the principles of diversity and equity in all work-related duties. 
ScrapedJobID435:
Consult with PGME Office to understand PGME business processes and data and reporting needs and obtain functional requirements. Seek advice and consideration from MedIT team members as required. Design and develop software solutions, ensuring quality assurance standards are met, and developed software has been through all required phases prior to launch, including functional and user testing and peer review. Analyze business need requirements, research issues and bugs as needed, and identify innovative and effective technical solutions leveraging existing systems (DalMedix, Microsoft 365, etc.) and implement them to meet PGME requirements. Coordinate projects, liaise with stakeholders, ensure that user requirements are addressed, and target deadlines are met throughout project development and implementation. Communicate system changes to affected users, answer questions, provide user walkthroughs and appropriate system documentation. 
ScrapedJobID436:
Consult with PGME Office to understand PGME business processes and data and reporting needs and obtain functional requirements. Seek advice and consideration from MedIT team members as required. Design and develop software solutions, ensuring quality assurance standards are met, and developed software has been through all required phases prior to launch, including functional and user testing and peer review. Analyze business need requirements, research issues and bugs as needed, and identify innovative and effective technical solutions leveraging existing systems (DalMedix, Microsoft 365, etc.) and implement them to meet PGME requirements. Coordinate projects, liaise with stakeholders, ensure that user requirements are addressed, and target deadlines are met throughout project development and implementation. Communicate system changes to affected users, answer questions, provide user walkthroughs and appropriate system documentation. 
ScrapedJobID437:
Design, development, testing and debugging of front-end and back-end applications. Designing applications from conception to completion. Communicating effectively with the team members on various tasks and projects Contributing to team processes and quality control measures Monitoring, supporting, or enhancing existing applications Other duties as assigned. Knowledge and experience with one or more of the following: JavaScript, .NET, Python, Bash, React, Node.js, C# Time management and multi-tasking ability. Good oral and written communication skills. Ability to work as part of a larger team or independently Knowledge and experience working in Linux environment Web application development experience in a team environment Familiarity with Agile/Scrum software development methodology, unit testing and continuous integration/deployment Familiarity with Amazon Web Services and Docker Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB; big data storage solutions would be an asset Database experience in creating stored procedures and optimizing database queries 
ScrapedJobID438:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability 
ScrapedJobID439:
Freedom and a healthy work-life balance – Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Be part of exciting and innovative projects that help solve some of the world’s most significant health problems. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career. Competitive total rewards package. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education and technology, and sustainability, making a positive impact on communities. Participate in our celebrations and social events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Siemens Healthineers is proud to be a Great Place to Work-certified company® in Canada for 2020-2021, 2021 Best Workplaces in Ontario™, and 2021 list of Best Workplaces™ for Women. 70% of critical clinical decisions are influenced by the type of technology we provide. More than 31 million Canadians benefit from Siemens Healthineers products every year. An average of 85,000 Canadians per day receive treatment or tests from a Siemens Healthineers device. Siemens Healthineers participates in 30 healthcare research collaborations in Canada and around the world. Designs, develops, implements and documents application software for Epocal’s internal tools (Analytical Tools). Uses applicable technologies that include: C#, .NET, JSON, WPF, WCF, Relational Database design and development (MS SQL Server), Unit testing Windows applications development, including dynamic libraries, user interfaces, databases, services and communication protocols Analyzes software application performance; devise and implement optimizations Develops software unit tests and perform manual quality-assurance testing Compiles technical documentation of software features and functionality Recommends and develops software architecture and high level design Works within the development team and independently, conduct integration of software component and interfaces Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures Manages with minimum supervision medium scaled projects and assignments Communicates with engineers and manufacturer's technical support staff regarding programming needs and performance, gather requirements, fulfill user requests, provide assistants and conduct training Reports to Director, Applications Software Coordinates with technical staff (engineering and scientific) Supports corporate quality systems and policy via software QA and company QA / regulatory department interfaces Requires a degree of independent requirements analysis and liaison with internal and external sources FDA/GMP/ISO - highly regulated operating environment Solid software engineering skills with knowledge of multiple technologies Well organized work habits Good written and oral communication skills Good analytical skills Good people skills Bachelors’ degree in software related engineering or related discipline and/or an equivalent combination of education and technical experience acceptable to Epocal. 3-10 years related experience and/or an equivalent combination of education and technical experience acceptable to Epocal 
ScrapedJobID440:
Collaborate with other developers and engineers to design, build, and maintain applications Build serverless applications using AWS Cloud Write and debug code Troubleshoot software issues Provide on-call support as necessary Work in a cloud computing environment; understand the philosophy and methodology of cloud computing; understand and master Amazon Web Services (AWS) You have a Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field You have experience writing code in JavaScript (React JS, Node JS, Angular) You have experience using SQL to update and retrieve data You have experience with database management and security a plus You have demonstrated experience with AWS Services a plus You have good analytical skills You have good communication skills You are bilingual. Competitive salary with bonus potential Incentive programs to recognize when sales targets are met (applies to branch network employees only) A minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation (prorated to your start date) Flexible Health and Dental Benefits Access to Dialogue, which will allow you to virtually consult healthcare professionals Employer Sponsored Pension Plan Personal days and sick days Tuition Assistance Programs Paid volunteer day and organized volunteering events across the country Ongoing Learning and Development Training Referral Incentives up to $5000.00 
ScrapedJobID441:
Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. The position requires constant communication with colleagues. Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units. Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript or Ruby on Rails A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field 
ScrapedJobID442:
We are looking for a for development to build e-commerce and membership site for our clients. Membership based Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications and digital media. Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups. Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements. Experience in development of membership website Bachelor degree in Web development or related field, or relevant experience. Solid knowledge and experience in programming applications. Knowledge to use shopify or squarespace Proficient in My SQL. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. High degree of independent judgment. Able to solve complex problems. Yes 
ScrapedJobID443:
A strong work ethic, and an eagerness to jump in and help fix things Curiosity about how things work and tenacity to learn Self-awareness and a desire to improve your skills Strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and empathy 
ScrapedJobID444:
Get fired up in a start-up culture where everyone owns the business, regardless of department or seniority Want to make a difference through meaningful work and are driven by purpose Get the bigger picture and know how to leverage your technical expertise to move a business forward Are quality-focused, but also understand the need to hustle when the fire alarm starts blaring Are a tight-knit team of adults that care about our customers, our products, and each other. Know how to wear multiple hats, and that every team member makes a difference Are constantly hustling to improve; always growing ourselves, each other, and our business Thrive on moving the needle and creating exceptional experiences for our customers Are an entrepreneurial company that believes in the importance of engaging all team members across all departments to work on moving the business forward together Work in a flexible environment, with emphasis placed on getting the job done, not on hours worked - this means being available for collaboration when needed, and being ready to get down to business in crunch times. Are fast-paced and performance-driven, but also know how to have fun! Architectural mindset. Take any problem, run with it, solve it — but still know when to check back with your team Continuous Learning. You know you don’t know everything, and are eager to learn both on and off the job. Team player. Whether working solo or swarming, you can collaborate like a champ and understand the power of group learning Analytical problem solver that can differentiate between symptoms and root causes Effective communicator with the ability to work with everyone, across departments Detail oriented and know that the little things matter 1+ year of hands-on Ruby on Rails experience with production applications Know your Ruby, not just your Rails. You understand object oriented design principles, and why 1000-line models are bad. Own your code. Deep love of writing quality code, and leaving no workflow untested. Strong SQL skills. ActiveRecord isn’t everything. Willing and capable full-stack ability. Our features are assigned vertically, so you will be crafting JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, in addition to Ruby. Experience with agile development, sprints and scrum. All the usual tooling: Git, Github, Jira, editor of your choice. (Plus the ability to search for good animated gifs when merging pull requests). More than 2 years real-world development experience Competence with React, or other JavaScript frameworks Prior work with financial technology, accounting systems, or banking 
ScrapedJobID445:
Developing user-facing applications using Vue.js Building modular and reusable components and libraries Optimizing your application for performance Implementing automated testing integrated into development and maintenance workflows Staying up-to-date with all recent developments in the JavaScript and Vue.js space Keeping an eye on security updates and issues found with Vue.js and all project dependencies Proposing any upgrades and updates necessary for keeping up with modern security and development best practices. Highly proficient with the JavaScript language and its modern ES6+ syntax and features. Highly proficient with Vue.js framework and its core principles such as components, reactivity, and the virtual DOM. Familiarity with the Vue.js ecosystem, including Vue CLI, VueX, Vue Router, and Nuxt.js Good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3, including SASS and Less. Understanding of server-side rendering and its benefits and use cases. Knowledge of functional programming and object-oriented programming paradigms. Ability to write efficient, secure, well-documented, and clean JavaScript code. Familiarity with automated JavaScript testing, specifically testing frameworks such as Jest or Mocha. Proficiency with modern development tools, like Babel, Webpack, and Git. Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs. Bonus pay Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID446:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Database software Programming software Data analysis software 
ScrapedJobID447:
Develop trading applications and algorithmic trading toold leveraging new technologies including AI and Deep Learning Assist traders in day to day desk functions Work on projects for a variety of internal trading desks Create automated reports on trading activity for clients and internal use Design and manage databases containing market data and trade information Strong programming and analytical skills Ability to manage priorities effectively in a fast-paced environment Prior experience in one or more of C++, Java, SQL, Python, JS, Angular, and C# Knowledge of or a passion for the financial markets is helpful but not required A high level of attention to detail High professional standards A high level of energy and a keen desire to learn new concepts 
ScrapedJobID448:
Contribute to software projects in a team-oriented environment Build the platform and integrations, following architectural patterns and guidance Participate in planning and execution for the platform and integrations Work with internal and external customers to ensure systems are appropriately tested Create and maintain technical documentation, sharing knowledge with team members Contribute to continually improving development processes, tools, and standards Provide technical expertise including benefits, impacts, and estimates to support decision making Develop with the business in mind through a deep understanding of Railtown AI’ industry, customers, and business processes 3+ years experience developing and debugging web applications 3+ years experience with JavaScript Expert in HTML and CSS Diploma or Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent equivalent work experience Consuming or creating web services with REST Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Experience creating and distributing JavaScript libraries or modules Experience with logging frameworks Experience with unit testing & automated UI testing Familiarity with agile methodologies such as scrum or kanban Familiarity with C#, .Net Core or Razor Experience with React or Vue Experience with Node.js You have an entrepreneurial and pragmatic focus You have excellent written and spoken communication skills You move forward and succeed when faced with ambiguity or change You enjoy collaboration with others while working well independently You take initiative and are goal-focused You explore innovative solutions when conventional thinking fails You grasp and master new concepts quickly You stay current with emerging technology and trends Stock options Extended health care Vision care Dental care Life insurance Flexible working hours and work from home Vacation & paid time off Company events & social hours 
ScrapedJobID449:
Develop new user-facing features Optimize application and website for mobile use and maximum speed Review/improve current features and code Test features and designs to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Collaborate with CTO and Head of Marketing to keep improving on design Write SOP's and code libraries for future team members Support in on-boarding of additional team members as required Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery). Experience using React Native library Understanding of key design principles Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Strong understanding of SEO Familiarity with gamification for both the website and app Desire to challenge the status-quo and develop new ideas or approaches that haven't been considered Keen to both learn and teach - leadership comes from all levels of the organization but we also always have blind spots we can improve on Willingness to try new approaches or accept ideas from other members on the team Experience leading projects/roadmap design is a bonus Ability to be both autonomous in your role and collaborative in the team when required Competitive salary Personal electric scooter for the duration of summer STM Metro Pass for Winter season Company laptop Coffee & snacks Monthly team activities and events Health & Dental Insurance 
ScrapedJobID450:
Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with account managers, supervisors, and clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer / mentor to other developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Implementing updates & revisions to web applications Experience building React applications that:
Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source.
Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source. Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. We work extensively with Drupal which is a PHP based content management framework, and while Drupal experience is a plus, it’s not a requirement. Experience working with design systems or style guides provided by a creative or UX team. Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. If you know other programming languages or frameworks, don’t forget to mention them, any technical knowledge is relevant. Comfortable with the command line, such as running scripts or managing files While this is a React position, applicants with Vue, Angular or other javascript framework experience will be considered. Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so hopefully you have some code you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID451:
Lead the development and maintenance of content-centric websites for Surrey Place and its partner organizations to meet business requirements and future enhancements. Use a broad set of technology tools including HTML, CSS, SCSS, WordPress, Microsoft, Dynamics 365 and Azure to create web-based solutions and update scalable websites. Convert design mock-ups with specifications into functional web pages, components, and reusable templates based on current trends and user feedback. Code digital marketing and communication channels including the core websites, landing pages, portal websites, online help, and mobile experience, to ensure that websites meet all accreditation and compliances needs (PHIPA, PIPEDA, AODA, WCAG) and have proper technical documentation. Collaborate with the integrated team and third-party vendors to develop and maintain dynamic themes and plug-in updates that meet brand and usability standards. Implement, configure, and maintain Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Hotjar and A/B testing framework. Identify and troubleshoot problems with our website or underlying code and propose solutions that are guided by best practice, data, and our coding environment and web infrastructure. Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, ongoing code/architecture reviews and tools. In collaboration with the Systems Administration team, the Web Developer will participate in the management and administration of public-facing domains, web-hosting platforms (CPanel, WordPress), and DNS. Monitor emerging threats and vulnerabilities that may impact the web platforms, including WordPress and WordPress plugins; and work to secure affected sites and platforms quickly and as needed. Research emerging trends, case studies and provide feedback on Surrey Place’s web presence. Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team. Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Information Systems & Design, or related field. 2 years of experience managing web projects using the various methodologies (waterfall and Agile). 2 years of experience with UX/UI Design processes. 2 years of experience in working collaboratively with wireframes and prototypes. 2 years of experience with change management and ticketing systems. 2 Years of experience with back-end administration of web hosting platforms including CPanel and WordPress, with a solid understanding of domain and DNS management. 2 years of experience in maintaining websites and web-based applications across multiple platforms (desktop, mobile) and multiple browsers while ensuring AODA & PHIPA compliance. 2 years of experience in pushing website updates through Git. Experience with WordPress as a development framework and MS Dynamics 365, building responsive, mobile-first websites is strongly preferred. Experience working in Azure is an asset. Ability to program under different constraints and participate in long-term strategic projects while positively contributing to last-minute fixes and short-term solutions. Understanding of WCAG 2.1 AA, its implementation and experience developing AODA-compliant websites. Ability to create and maintain technical documentation, processes, and workflows. Proficiency in client-side technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, PHP& Javascript. Proficiency in database technologies (i.e mySQL). Strong interpersonal, communication and teamwork skills – able to communicate with all levels of the organization effectively and professionally. To be considered for this position, you must be passionate about the work we do, and share our organizational values. Save your resume and cover letter in the following format: firstname.lastname (ie. John.Smith). Send your resume and cover letter to People Services, hr@surreyplace.ca, quoting file 21180 in the subject line of your email by the closing date. 
ScrapedJobID452:
Design, write, maintain, improve, and test our web and mobile applications. Assist our customer support team by providing explanations and resolutions to complex problems reported by our users. Effectively contribute suggestions and new ideas to enhance performance and usability. Research and develop new solutions using new technologies to enhance our existing software applications. Report to a Team Leader and/or Development Manager. Willingly take on other tasks as required. Degree or diploma in Computer Science/related field OR equivalent work experience 2+ years of software development experience in a web-based environment Proficiency in .NET, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, ASP.Net, and SQL Experience with version control software and processes Able to configure and maintain Windows Servers & Services including IIS & MS SQL Ability to learn quickly Comfortable working at a small, dynamic company Can translate business goals into actionable work assignments with minimal direction Use best practices to document and write quality software, with a commitment to standardization and predictability. Effective presentation and documentation skills. Encourages and accepts personal feedback Can use judgment to solve problems where protocol might not exist Experience working in an Agile development environment Working knowledge of HTTP, SOAP and RESTful services Desire to debate and explore new technologies Web & Mobile technologies such as: Xamarin, Sencha, Angular, React Design and develop comprehensive automated unit and regression tests Design and develop comprehensive CI/CD solutions Competitive salary, commission plan and robust benefits 3 weeks of vacation to start, your birthday off, a paid volunteer day of your choosing, plus an extra day for a special holiday of significance to you. Employee Stock Purchase Program (Nasdaq: EVCM) Some flexibility around working hours and remote work Staff Enrichment (i.e., happy hours, lunches, company culture activities and competitions, etc.) Gym/Wellness reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID453:
Developing and maintain features while working closely with API & Design teams. Ensuring high quality code is delivered on time and on spec. Ownership of frontend code and standards. 5+ years of professional experience in building and designing SaaS based web applications. 2+ Years React JS Experience. 2+ Years HTML/Responsive CSS Experience. Strong coding skills in a variety of front end technologies (Javascript, React, Backbone, JQuery). Deep understanding of promises and REST. Knowledge of React best practices and configuration. Previous experience conducting code reviews and mentoring. Ability to take wireframes or designs and translate them into high quality user interfaces. Experience developing and maintaining automated front end tests (i.e., Jest, Enzyme, Cypress) Ability to read and modify server side code when necessary Demonstrates creativity and takes initiative in solving complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID454:
Get fired up in a start-up culture where everyone owns the business, regardless of department or seniority Want to make a difference through meaningful work and are driven by purpose Get the bigger picture and know how to leverage your technical expertise to move a business forward Are quality-focused, but also understand the need to hustle when the fire alarm starts blaring Are a tight-knit team of adults that care about our customers, our products, and each other. Know how to wear multiple hats, and that every team member makes a difference Are constantly hustling to improve; always growing ourselves, each other, and our business Thrive on moving the needle and creating exceptional experiences for our customers Are an entrepreneurial company that believes in the importance of engaging all team members across all departments to work on moving the business forward together Work in a flexible environment, with emphasis placed on getting the job done, not on hours worked - this means being available for collaboration when needed, and being ready to get down to business in crunch times. Are fast-paced and performance-driven, but also know how to have fun! Architectural mindset. Take any problem, run with it, solve it — but still know when to check back with your team Continuous Learning. You know you don’t know everything, and are eager to learn both on and off the job. Team player. Whether working solo or swarming, you can collaborate like a champ and understand the power of group learning Analytical problem solver that can differentiate between symptoms and root causes Effective communicator with the ability to work with everyone, across departments Detail oriented and know that the little things matter 1+ year of hands-on Ruby on Rails experience with production applications Know your Ruby, not just your Rails. You understand object oriented design principles, and why 1000-line models are bad. Own your code. Deep love of writing quality code, and leaving no workflow untested. Strong SQL skills. ActiveRecord isn’t everything. Willing and capable full-stack ability. Our features are assigned vertically, so you will be crafting JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, in addition to Ruby. Experience with agile development, sprints and scrum. All the usual tooling: Git, Github, Jira, editor of your choice. (Plus the ability to search for good animated gifs when merging pull requests). More than 2 years real-world development experience Competence with React, or other JavaScript frameworks Prior work with financial technology, accounting systems, or banking 
ScrapedJobID455:
Integrating applications such as Unreal Engine, Maya, Houdini, Katana, Shotgun, Nuke etc into our graphics pipeline. Designing custom artist tools within the DCCs. Interfacing with databases and task management software. Writing and optimizing automated batch processes. Working closely with artists to provide technical advice and troubleshoot tools, assets and shots. Excellent knowledge of Python. The ability to write robust scripts and tools quickly. Proficiency in writing clean, well-documented, clearly thought out code. Good requirements-gathering skills. GUI development in Pyside/PyQt. Experience in one or more of Maya, Houdini, Unreal Engine, Shotgun, or similar. Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Proficiency in C++ Knowledge of computer graphics and animation concepts: character rigging, modelling, simulation, shading, rendering, compositing etc. Familiarity with databases A positive, solutions-orientated mindset. A respectful attitude to everyone on the team. Excellent communication and time management skills. An aptitude for creative problem solving. An understanding of the demands of a fast-paced, creatively-driven production environment. Must be eligible to work in Canada. 
ScrapedJobID456:
Architect and develop maintainable interfaces and applications that are used by millions of end-users. Modernize frontend systems to enable rapid UI development and iteration. Push technology forward, challenge established thinking and discover new ways of solving problems. Support client implementations by implementing UI’s and system integrations. Assist with scoping and estimating work for business development teams. JavaScript and TypeScript Modern JavaScript frameworks—such as Angular, React, Vue.js, jQuery HTTP/RESTful APIs JavaScript unit tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma) HTML5/CSS Chrome/Firefox developer tools to debug issues and solutions Source control (Git) Node.js and npm Popular UI libraries such as Bootstrap to build semantic and responsive web pages Web accessibility Docker containers Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday What are your salary expectations? Yes 
ScrapedJobID457:
Develop new user-facing features using React.js Build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers Rich experience in Frontend Development. Experience with popular React.js workflows such as Redux, its core principles and styled components. Understanding of the Node.js based tooling like Webpack, NPM, Babel, ExpressJS, etc. Well versed in Ecmascript 5/6/7. Familiarity with RESTful API as well as modern front-end build pipelines and tools. Hand on development in HTML5/CSS3 and Object oriented Java Script. Experienced in modern dev tools, process and methodologies like TDD, Unit Testing & Functional testing using Mocha, Chai, Jest or other frameworks. Must be well versed with agile environment. Strong communicator who embraces collaboration. Experience with accessibility-driven design and Section 508 Compliance. Familiarity with code versioning tools such as GIT Experience working with large branded websites, content management systems, E-commerce platforms, and backend frameworks (Java, .NET) Strong Understanding of data structures and algorithm Flexible vacation policy; time is not limited, allocated, or accrued 15 paid holidays throughout the year Generous parental leave and new parent transition program Tuition reimbursement Corporate gift matching program 
ScrapedJobID458:
An Awesome & Supportive environment Work/Life balance Competitive Salary 4 Weeks of paid vacation Excellent health and dental benefits Work from Home Work with team in providing application design and architecture Deliver quality-focused, predictable, and effective software development processes Analyze and prepare recommendations to address existing and potential enhancements areas in system design Work with development and project team members in technology discussions, decisions, and implementation Design, create, and support architectures that require little change over extended periods of time Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development Execute and provide feedback regarding architectural and design standards Work with others to ensure ongoing research and prototyping of key technologies Comprehend, analyze, and solve highly complex technical problems involving system functionality, architecture, relational databases and systems integration Plan and implement system changes effectively to effectively build and foster collaborative relationships with people at all levels of the organization Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Ability to follow defined business policies, practices and controls to ensure compliance to SOC2 principles. Stay current with and anticipate technology trends 1+ year of experience in Web Application Development. (JavaScript, HTML and CSS.) Work experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS is required. Knowledge of AngualrJS, NodeJS Knowledge of the Jasmine JavaScript testing framework Knowledge and understanding of NoSQL databases is an asset. Strong operating system knowledge (Windows and Linux) are required Knowledge of and experience with application security concepts an asset. Experience with Agile methodology an asset. Knowledge and Experience in Machine Learning an asset Experience working with Chrome Developer Tools, and have familiarity with Jenkins and Git Strong communication and customer interfacing skills with particular emphasis on understanding scope and requirements. 
ScrapedJobID459:

ScrapedJobID460:
Develop RESTful APIs Design and implement server-side applications (Java 8, Spring Boot, NodeJs, Netflix OSS) Add/Improve our automated testing suite. Participate in requirements gathering and analysis. Participate in Product design and reviews Provide time estimates for assigned tasks. Carry out other related tasks and duties as assigned This is an idea but not a guarantee on what you will be doing. We are a startup, projects can change very quickly. Education: pursuing a degree in computing science Must have experience with Java language (Java 8 preferred). Experience with SpringBoot, Hibernate, Kotlin or NodeJs is a plus. Must have experience with relational Databases (No-SQL is a plus) and the ability to write SQL queries Be familiar with source control and build systems: git, maven/gradle Experience with AWS or any other cloud providers is a plus Having already completed a co-op term is an asset Experienced team Start-Up Environment Rich Culture Perks Compensation & Vacation 
ScrapedJobID461:
Participate in software system (PDA) requirements analysis and function design. Participate in technical solution design. Be responsible for code development and document writing. On-time and with high quality to complete the delivery of the work results and ensure the robustness and correctness of the code logic. Be able to quickly locate and fix software bugs in time. Experience in Android development Experience in Java development Experience in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript Experience in UI/UED is preferred Experience in MySQL database Strong communication skills. Teamwork player Experience with Axure is preferred Experience in PDA development is preferred Experience in warehouse management system development is preferred Language: Mandarin (Preferred) 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Mandarin (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID462:
Power BI Report development Building Analysis Services reporting models Developing visual reports, KPI scorecards, and dashboards using Power BI desktop Connecting data sources, importing data, and transforming data for Business intelligence Analytical thinking for translating data into informative reports and visuals Capable of implementing row-level security on data along with an understanding of application security layer models in Power BI Should have an edge over making DAX queries in Power BI desktop Expert in using advanced-level calculations on the data set Responsible for design methodology and project documentaries Should be able to develop tabular and multidimensional models that are compatible with data warehouse standards Very good communication skills must be able to discuss the requirements effectively with the client teams, and with internal teams 4-5 years of overall experience required Experience with PowerBI, SQL, Cognos Must have strong Cognos experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Applications, or related field Monday to Friday Power BI: 4 years (required) Cognos: 4 years (required) SQL: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID463:
Design, code, test and deliver the services and functions with production quality. Contribute to implement good software development practices: continuous integration (CI), continuous deployment (CD), static code analysis, test automation (TDD), etc. Actively participate to implement DevOps concepts. Define requirements and specifications with internal groups in an Agile setting (Epics and User Stories) at least 3 years of python programming experience in a professional environment. at least 5 years of overall object-oriented programming experience in a professional environment. Bachelor's degree in IT, software engineering or equivalent. Experience in solution and software architecture Proficiency in building and running apps within Docker. Strong experience delivering and operating large, distributed, and resilient (micro-services) software systems. Experience in CI/CD implementations (e.g. Git, Jenkins, GoCD, GitLAB, Nexus, Artifactory) to develop the fully automated CI/CD pipelines. Experience working with and developing RESTful APIs Strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, with a good sense of humour. Team player who always put the interest of the team above all other priorities. Strong aptitude to recognize opportunities for improvement in day-to-day work and take appropriate actions. Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision making skills with a strong attention to detail. Strong time management skills and work ethic (highly motivated) to manage multiple projects/accountabilities. Additional Competencies and Assets: Experience with Kubernetes and Helm. Hands-on experience with the following technologies and models (ONAP, Opendaylight, Openstack, YANG, TOSCA, HEAT, Netconf/RESTconf, BGP, IPv6). Experience with Linux administration and tuning (Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL). Proficiency in Shell and Go. Experience contributing to open source projects. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday python programming: 3 years (preferred) overall object-oriented programming: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 3 years (preferred) Git, Jenkins, GoCD, GitLAB, Nexus, Artifactor: 4 years (preferred) RESTful APIs: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID464:
Fully program Mobile applications (business logic, UI, animations, databases using REST APIs, etc). Deploy iOS applications to the App Store. Deploy Android applications to the Google Play. Take part in planning, technical discussions, and problem solving. We are looking for someone who can actively contribute to solutions. Take part in UX/UI discussions. Documentations. Any other related tasks. Minimum 1 year hands-on React Native or Flutter, or alternatively, iOS or Android native mobile app development experience. Minimum 1 year of live APP project experience troubleshooting, diagnosing, prototyping, gathering requirements or supporting mobile app development as part of a team. Have a good understanding of mobile platforms and know mobile app operations inside and out. Minimum 1 year of live Web project development experience. Knowledge and experience with crypto-currency and smart contract is a plus. Common skill: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Git, Firebase, Google Cloud. Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Store discount Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID465:
You will get a chance to work in all of our mobile code bases and the APIs that power them. You will build and ship new user-facing features on iOS You will collaborate with product, UX and other engineering teams to deliver the highest quality mobile experiences to all of our supported devices You will participate in code reviews for your fellow team members You are confidently self-driven You have an insatiable desire to learn You are empathetic - you can clearly communicate your thoughts and opinions to others You are passionate about high quality, maintainable and testable code You have an eye for sleek design You have a desire to build reliable and user-friendly mobile applications You are interested in learning about our stack which includes; Android, iOS, Java, Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C, Ruby/Rails, Scala, CoreData, MySQL, RxJava, Retrofit, Robotium, and Espresso Previous mobile development experience (a project or previous internship) Good understanding of CS fundamentals, eg. data structures and algorithms Knowledge and understanding of at least one native iOS language, eg. Swift, Objective C, Xcode. etc Competitive salary and company equity Comprehensive benefits package from day one ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Program) Retirement or pension plan Paid parental leave - up to 22 weeks for pregnant parent, up to 12 weeks for non-pregnant parent (some countries have longer leave standards and we comply with local laws) Generous paid vacation time Paid holidays and sick leave Paid employee volunteer time - 20 hours per year Bi-annual company-wide hack weeks Mental wellness programs Dutonian Wellness Days - scheduled company-wide paid days off in addition to PTO and scheduled holidays HibernationDuty - a week each year when everyone at PagerDuty, with the exception of a small, coverage crew, is asked to take a much needed break to truly disconnect and recharge 
ScrapedJobID466:
Degree from a post-secondary institution in Computer Science or Engineering, with demonstrated academic excellence; Minimum of two (2) years of experience with C# development in console and/or web applications; Thorough understanding and demonstrated experience in Object-Oriented Design; Strong understanding of design patterns and capable of incorporating them in software design; Well-versed in MVC, MVP, MVVM, WPF, WCF, and LINQ; Ability to:
develop in frontend, middle tier, and backend;
connect the application to leading backend data stores (SQL, NoSQL, Big Data);
develop and debug in Visual Studio;
work effectively and produce quality results, working independently and without supervision. develop in frontend, middle tier, and backend; connect the application to leading backend data stores (SQL, NoSQL, Big Data); develop and debug in Visual Studio; work effectively and produce quality results, working independently and without supervision. Familiarity with C++/CLI (a plus); Knowledge of Angular and NoSQL (an asset); Languages required:
English: Excellent
29835 English: Excellent
29835 37.5 hours per week; Opportunities to develop and grow your career; Work with diverse technologies, projects, clients and sectors; Spend your days in a creative and innovative environment; Share experience and knowledge as part of an agile and dynamic team; A great harmony between work and personal life; Access to exciting educational opportunities (internal, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Personal recognition of your important professional contributions; Great cultural diversity across our teams. 
ScrapedJobID467:
Process and structure human resources activity data from a variety of sources. Design and develop effective business intelligence solutions consistent with the studio's needs: build dashboards, create query and data modelling tools, implement reporting systems, produce ad hoc reports, etc. Provide guidance to HR members on how to understand and use data while facilitating groupthink processes. Maintain a direct link with the HR community to be aware of issues, goals, and problems. Maintain business intelligence solutions + ensure data integrity and accuracy. Promote sharing of best practices with your team and ensure that business intelligence evolves. Experience in data engineering (or other relevant experience) A thorough understanding of Tableau and MicroStrategy Good knowledge of SQL programming language (Python is an asset) A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or other relevant training) Effective English and French communication skills: you can interact with people from other departments and adapt your message to technical and non-technical audiences alike Very thorough, detail-oriented, and accurate data processing: you care about the quality of data and show integrity and discretion managing confidential data Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID468:

ScrapedJobID469:
Disruptive and a naan-traditional mindset An inclusive and dynamic culture Accelerated career progression Commitment to learning and development Opportunity to be impactful Competitive compensation The BI Developer will create automated reporting in all business functions, driving competitive advantage for FGF brands and facilitating faster and better management decisions. The BI Developer will be responsible for developing and maintaining enterprise and department-level data-interfaces and reporting solutions using SAP HANA, SQL / Microsoft Azure suite and other to be determined tools and other data sources / systems as required. Must be able to build and maintain back-end solutions of views/models to be consumed by other BI Developers or business users, as well as customer facing front end reporting models/visualizations. Assist in operational and customer support related to the use of the in-house developed products. Responsible for FGF brands ETP (Extract, Transform, Present) strategy and implementation. Viewed as a technical expert and is critical resource across multiple disciplines. Mentors other team members and application developers on technical solutions. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Relevant Work Experience. 4+ Years of SQL Development Experience. 2+ Years’ experience with BI technologies Expert Technical Ability (HANA Studio, Power BI, Tableau, SAC, Microsoft Apps/Azure Suite, WEBI, SQL, SSAS, SSIS). Strong analytical and problem-solving ability. Hands on experience with SAP system with ability to navigate through SAP (preferably S4Hana). Experience with tabular and multi-dimensional modeling. Balance multiple, competing priorities effectively, track documentation and deliverables in an organized manner. Sound knowledge of traditional as well as agile software development methodologies. Highly effective working in a team, as well as working independently. Ideally knowledge/experience with Python, ABAP, R, Apache Spark, DAX, Azure Databricks, Azure EventHub’s, JSON. English written/spoken required Customer and Product Centricity -You are always keeping our products front and center. Flexibility, Agility, Adaptability- You embrace speed, change and uncertainty. Teamwork and Collaboration -You are a relationship builder. Passion for Excellence -You look for innovative solutions and challenges the status quo. Drives Execution -You are a risk taker! 
ScrapedJobID470:
Has a working understanding of design patterns and architecture; understands what makes software testable and maintainable and includes these principles in the work Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with project stakeholders; studying client systems’ flow and work processes; identifying and investigating problem areas Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clean code Updates job knowledge by studying the latest development tools and programming techniques; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; participating in professional organizations Employs technical expertise to lay the groundwork for effective project management Assists Project Manager to determine operational feasibility through analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and solution proposal Provides technical background input while collaboratively generating project estimates/ rough orders of magnitude with the Project Manager Adapts leadership style to leverage team members’ motivations and strengths while helping them to overcome weaknesses Supports and develops software developers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities Works collaboratively with others to achieve goals Makes informed decisions quickly and takes ownership of technology choices, project pace, and direction Strong Javascript development experience. Strong Javascript Framework experience such as AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS. Strong HTML, CSS and SASS development experience. Responsible and accountable – You can own a task, and deliver it with high precision, independently, even on a short timeline. Eye for quality – You enjoy working on quality products and aim for a good user experience. Pro minimum viable product – You believe in iteration based on data. You believe in building the smallest version of a feature to prove it first, even when it means being scrappy. Problem solver – excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, as well as the capacity to think creatively under pressure. Team player – You work well with a team and are good at giving and receiving feedback. You enjoy celebrating wins with your team! *nix friendly – accustomed to developing software in a *nix environment (Mac, Linux, Unix, BSD) Education – Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent working experience Phonegap / Cordova experience Experience working as a third party JS vendor, facing issues such as cross-domain communication Experience building responsive websites and web apps Experience working on single-page applications Experience working cloud based architectures, particularly AWS Experience with Silex / Laravel Git experience Work in a scrum environment Sane working hours (with flexible scheduling). The team is small and agile, so you will have a direct impact on the product, but big enough that you are never alone. While our office in Montreal is available to everyone, a flexible work from home program is currently the norm. Health care and dental coverage for all full time employees (Blue Cross) National telemedicine service, paid for by the company for full time employees enrolled in benefits programs. Generous compensation and stock options. Everyone at Salesfloor is agile, engaged and ready to contribute to impact the growth of our business. Seasoned employees, new hires and founders all work together and help each other every day. Founders and leadership team have a proven track record for successful start-ups and previous exits. 
ScrapedJobID471:
Master's degree in material science, chemical engineering, physics, a similar field, or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of industrial experience. Experience with fabrication of advanced optical devices using nano-fabrication or micro-fabrication techniques. Experience working in a cleanroom environment, and experience with lithographic tooling, materials, and processing including electron beam, nano-imprint, and thin film deposition. PhD with postdoctoral study. 3 years of industrial experience in material degree material science, chemical engineering, or postdoctoral assignment in engineering, optical sciences, physics, or a similar field. Experience adapting existing processes with new physical building blocks, or creation of new processes to fundamentally advance an existing field. Experience with nano-fabrication techniques such as nano-imprint lithography, etch, deposition, and wets for semiconductor, photonic, or memory applications. Experience with structured problems-solving and standard industrial risk assessments. Knowledge of diffractive optics or photonics. Lead investigations into new fundamental optical designs, by focusing on capabilities of materials and processes, and develop these designs for inclusion in future hardware devices. Develop processes to support the fabrication and testing of new optical concepts with application in augmented reality display and optics technology. Work with the broader research community to advance new technology elements with a focus on new processes, tools, and materials enabling differentiation in the optical system design space. Keep an overview of the state of art in nanostructure patterning, and set the vision for the future technological developments that support the NIL program roadmap. Secure the resources and collaborations needed to support technological developments, propose and write public funded projects to fuel longer-term innovation, and reinforce the IP portfolio of the NIL program. 
ScrapedJobID472:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID473:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID474:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Develop dashboards and tools using the latest in web development technologies to increase the efficiency of our teams and improve the experience of our customers Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge of Python, JavaScript or TypeScript Strong knowledge of web development technologies like React, Vue.JS, Angular etc. Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID475:
Developing web and mobile applications using JavaScript frameworks like React, Angular, Vue, etc. Setting up back-end services using cloud services like AWS, Azure, or GCP Testing and debugging application, and documenting software Experience with interfacing software with Bluetooth, WiFi or mesh networking devices Familiarity with Python programming Experience working with prototyping hardware like the Raspberry Pi and/or working with Linux Familiarity with desktop application development Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID476:
English Fluent (Verbal and Written) Bachelor's Degree in related field At least 6 months experience in coding on at least one major software project in C or C++ At least 6 months experience in advanced data structures and algorithms At least 6 months experience in debugging and problem determination Some knowledge of low-level programming (e.g. assembly language) Master's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering At least 6 months experience in academic or professional work in compilers or compiler optimization At least 6 months experience in benchmarking or application performance analysis At least 6 months experience in multithreaded programming issues, parallelism, numerical computation, etc. At least 6 months experience in low-level programming (e.g. assembly language) and low-level debugging Working knowledge of Unix-like operating systems Basic knowledge in one or more computer architectures, and of hardware/software interactions 
ScrapedJobID477:
Generally 4-7 years of work experience in IT or business environment and/or BS/BA in computer science, engineering, information systems, math or business Advanced level of knowledge in technical domain Knowledge in .NET, C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WCF, Angular, JavaScript is nice to have Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages and can code with little oversight Understands core business processes and business requirements as well as the architecture patterns and technology strategy (e.g., transformation, smart core, dev ops) Understands the implications of various components (including technology strategy & architecture) to the overall design of a program, system, or eco-system Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understands functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Assesses impact of design decisions to the computer solution/product/service being developed (performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommends alternate/creative solutions for mitigation/optimization if required. Conducts detailed code-reviews and provides feedback in a constructive manner. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers Decomposes business requirements and translate them into detailed design specifications and code Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommends / decides on appropriate designs Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artifacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery Conceives and writes detailed software implementations/code while ensuring that their code/configurations adhere to the security, logging, error handling, and performance standards and non-functional requirements Builds solutions that are supportable, scale-able and achieve our aspiration of common assets , use the enterprise monitoring/logging, require minimal to zero maintenance and are aligned with architectural patterns and technology strategy Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrates technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness Supports production issues, including Independently completes root-cause analysis and diagnosis Evaluates new technologies for fit with the program/system/eco-system and the associated upstream and downstream impacts on process, data, risk (e.g., security). Works toward the objective of defect free software. Ensures that systems functionally meet requirements, aligns with architecture and promotes the development of common assets. Supports the resolution of production issues and problems. Makes recommendations to improve BMO processes & systems. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes, including managing small projects to completion, as required to deliver business objectives Identifies opportunities to strengthen the capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across technology. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning 
ScrapedJobID478:
Remote / flex work from Home/Office (Canada) – Toronto (downtown), Mississauga, Montreal, Halifax. 
ScrapedJobID479:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID480:
Help build and maintain data pipelines and infrastructure by extracting, transforming, and loading data into the cloud-based data warehouse (Snowflake); Work closely with internal clients to understand their data needs and build out the required solutions; Clean and transform raw data into business logic to help stakeholders build reports, and make sure the right data is getting to the right people at the right time; Look for ways to refactor and improve the modelling and data pipelines to reflect reality and increase efficiency; Adopt software engineering best practices like version control using Git, and educating others how to adopt these best practices; Write, clean, and maintain SQL scripts/queries that are easy to understand, simple to troubleshoot and are highly performant. 4+ years of experience in Analytics Engineering, Business Intelligence, or similar roles; Proficient skills with SQL; Experience working in Python for analytics and scripting; Experience working with data visualization software; Experience with dimensional modelling and working with data warehouses such as dbt or Snowflake for example; Communication & Collaboration - Ability to build and maintain multi-functional relationships with various teams across the business; Competitive compensation packages including equity Unlimited vacation Comprehensive health, dental & vision insurance Incredible work environment and culture Plenty of snacks Dog friendly office We know building and renovation. We are industry leaders. We make puns. We have fun. We cut to the point because we value people's time. We are culture-driven. We care a lot. And we say it. 
ScrapedJobID481:
Review the frontend design and architecture Recommend Frameworks to accelerate the development Design and implementation pattern to increase reusability and productivity. Technology – React, APIs 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID482:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Develop dashboards and tools using the latest in web development technologies to increase the efficiency of our teams and improve the experience of our customers Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge of Python, JavaScript or TypeScript Strong knowledge of web development technologies like React, Vue.JS, Angular etc. Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID483:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with your fellow Developers and technical team to deliver complex changes to our infrastructure Define, design, and implement, multi-tiered object-oriented distributed software applications Maintain and modify existing applications Perform custom programming as assigned by the VP of Engineering Fix defects and add features to software Debug and test software implementation Provide design documents and documentation to ensure efficient maintenance and code reuse Participate in the design and implementation of databases Ensure the functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules and system architecture for each assignment Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration Implement software modules, on the embedded platform and analysis workstation Ensure work progress to schedule and keep (internal) customers informed of the project's progress Stay current with trends, techniques, technology and other factors impacting the FinTech industry Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations /ideas on design projects You are in pursuit of a post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field If you’ve got previous work experience using Clojure, TypeScript and/or Rust you’re a rockstar Work with web applications is a big bonus - and if you have experience in server side applications, that’s even better Work experience in ecommerce is preferred but not required You’re able to effectively communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members You also have the ability to effectively communicate with non-technical members of the organization (we don’t all have an understanding of the technical jargon!) You have demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies in previous roles, and can provide examples You have excellent teamwork and team building skills and are comfortable with ambiguity You can work well under pressure and meet set deadlines under the direction of a Project Manager You are capable of managing your time effectively, multitasking, and have the ability to prioritize tasks with minimal supervision in a remote work environment You have a high level of critical and logical thinking, analysis, and/or reasoning to identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts 
ScrapedJobID484:
Computer/Information Technology Administration and Management, Other Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS SQL Ajax JQuery Internet access Cellular phone Own vehicle Linux Internet Extranet Intranet Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Team player Judgement Organized Remote work available Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID485:
Disruptive and a naan-traditional mindset An inclusive and dynamic culture Accelerated career progression Commitment to learning and development Opportunity to be impactful Competitive compensation The BI Developer will create automated reporting in all business functions, driving competitive advantage for FGF brands and facilitating faster and better management decisions. The BI Developer will be responsible for developing and maintaining enterprise and department-level data-interfaces and reporting solutions using SAP HANA, SQL / Microsoft Azure suite and other to be determined tools and other data sources / systems as required. Must be able to build and maintain back-end solutions of views/models to be consumed by other BI Developers or business users, as well as customer facing front end reporting models/visualizations. Assist in operational and customer support related to the use of the in-house developed products. Responsible for FGF brands ETP (Extract, Transform, Present) strategy and implementation. Viewed as a technical expert and is critical resource across multiple disciplines. Mentors other team members and application developers on technical solutions. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Relevant Work Experience. 4+ Years of SQL Development Experience. 2+ Years’ experience with BI technologies Expert Technical Ability (HANA Studio, Power BI, Tableau, SAC, Microsoft Apps/Azure Suite, WEBI, SQL, SSAS, SSIS). Strong analytical and problem-solving ability. Hands on experience with SAP system with ability to navigate through SAP (preferably S4Hana). Experience with tabular and multi-dimensional modeling. Balance multiple, competing priorities effectively, track documentation and deliverables in an organized manner. Sound knowledge of traditional as well as agile software development methodologies. Highly effective working in a team, as well as working independently. Ideally knowledge/experience with Python, ABAP, R, Apache Spark, DAX, Azure Databricks, Azure EventHub’s, JSON. English written/spoken required Customer and Product Centricity -You are always keeping our products front and center. Flexibility, Agility, Adaptability- You embrace speed, change and uncertainty. Teamwork and Collaboration -You are a relationship builder. Passion for Excellence -You look for innovative solutions and challenges the status quo. Drives Execution -You are a risk taker! 
ScrapedJobID486:
Carry out impact studies and provide estimates; Document business intelligence and information management solutions; Support applications in production and provide support to your colleagues in the realization; Design and develop reports and dashboards for information / operational needs according to best practices; Perform and document the tests (unit / integrated) for the solutions in which you have participated; Carry out these activities while respecting and promoting the norms and standards in Business Intelligence established by the organization; Provide "coaching" to your team members and colleagues; Conduct multidisciplinary and multi-level stakeholder meetings and synthesize in non-technical language; Write documents and make presentations for an internal user community. Data modeling, data presentation, data visualization, definition of key performance indicators, ETL processing; 4+ years of experience developing applications using a set of Business Intelligence tools (Tableau / Qlik Sense / Qlik View / Power BI); Good knowledge of relational databases (Oracle or SQL server) and SQL language; High motivation, autonomy and effective team spirit; Strong communication skills; Experience in defining ETL and data pipelines; Experience working on Python scripts (preferred); Experience with Agile methodologies (preferred); Excellent English and French communication skills. Experience with ETL tools (Talend, SSIS, Informatica, etc.); Experience with Snowflake (SnowPro certification is a plus); Experience in Cloud environments (Azure, AWS, GCP); Experience with Alteryx; A stimulating environment where you will be able to surpass yourself and discover new horizons; A strong culture of innovation and entrepreneurship; Many occasions to celebrate your success : 5 @ 7, team activities, birthdays, breakfasts and other special events; Group insurance for you and your family members; RRSP and DPSP participation plan; Reimbursement of immigration fees; Reimbursement of transport costs; Reimbursement of telecommunication costs; Referral program; Flexible work from home policy; 4 weeks of paid vacation; Language courses (French & English); Access to continuing education (in-house, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Development plan for each employee and coaching. 
ScrapedJobID487:
Has expert knowledge to influence and set corporate direction for software development practice, concepts, technology and methodology. Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Ensures code is reviewed, reusable and testable, meeting architectural-design and customer requirements; accountable for overall code quality. Leads workshops to develop solutions from a program perspective in association with all interdependent systems. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Operates at a group/enterprise-wide level and serves as a specialist resource to senior leaders and stakeholders. Applies expertise and thinks creatively to address unique or ambiguous situations and to find solutions to problems that can be complex and non-routine. Implements changes in response to shifting trends. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically 8+ years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience using C# or Java Multi-threading, LINQ, collections and delegates, GUI design and implementation, SQL, ODBC, database technology experience is desired. Strong background in scientific computing, an understanding of financial markets. Should have a special interest in performance tuning, system scalability, cloud computing, big data, asynchronous application design and development. Proactive, dynamic personality, able to thrive in a fast-paced environment and must be able to work in a team, self-starter. Must have excellent written and oral communications ability. Knowledge of Market, Credit risk, Fixed Income instruments and financial reporting. Expert level of knowledge in domain Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages and can code with little oversight. Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Seasoned professional with a combination of education, experience and industry knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth / Expert. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth / Expert. Influence skills - In-depth / Expert. Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration - In-depth / Expert. Able to manage ambiguity. Data driven decision making - In-depth / Expert. Design, develop and test software which interacts with our front office quantitative library. Cloud computing Analyze system performance bottlenecks and propose design improvements to improve performance. Provide coaching and leadership to junior team members. Participate in design and code reviews in order to maintain high code quality. 
ScrapedJobID488:
HTML/CSS, JavaScript; Polymer, WebComponents & React for front-end; NodeJS for back-end microservices; NodeJS and WebSockets for real-time information updating; Redis & PostgreSQL for databases; Docker and Gitlab CI for the testing and integration pipeline. Develop and maintain frontend web applications based on internal client needs. Compile, understand, and analyze the operational needs of the production and service teams to best serve their interests. Suggest improvements by designing and implementing new systems and functions. Check and validate that new systems are in line with project objectives and remain coherent with the current code, optimizing when necessary. Support the functions and systems designed for production. Verify and correct bugs identified by other working units and the QC team. Document your work to transfer knowledge and ensure that users in other working units understand and use the new systems and functions. Participate in daily team activities. Carry out all other related tasks. A bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or any other equivalent training A minimum of 5 years of experience in web development (e.g. HTML, Javascript, CSS) - NodeJS is considered an asset Knowledge of relational (MySQL), non-relational (MongoDB), and key-value (redis) databases Experience in TDD and CI/CD Experience with Linux environments and container technologies - Docker is considered an asset Experience with configuration and automation managers (e.g. Chef, Ansible) Experience with cloud technologies (e.g. OpenStack, AWS, GCP) Good sense of analysis and synthesis Ability to solve problems Ability to support systems in production Interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy and resourcefulness A sense of initiative Attention to detail Flexibility in the organization of your work Able to work in a team Able to adapt to change A result-oriented spirit Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID489:
A profound respect for user privacy and information security. Experience with contributing to the complete development lifecycle of a project from initial planning, through development, and into customer support. A critical eye for detail while understanding that perfect is the enemy of good. Consideration for code quality with an ability to deliver appropriate and effective feedback to teammates. A willingness to make “someone else’s problem” into “your problem”. A strong understanding of how servers and clients interact, API design, and efficient database design. Experience working in any modern server-side language, with bonus points for Go (which is what we use). Demonstrate abilities in other server-side languages and we trust that you will learn Go just fine. Experience building web applications with JavaScript. Familiarity with Typescript and modern frameworks like React (both of which we use) are certainly nice, but not required. The most important part of this job is approaching new challenges with curiosity and the drive to fix root causes, not paper over symptoms. We provide mentorship opportunities to those who want it, and support professional development on the job, with a budget to back it up. If you bring a desire to do the right thing for our customers, a sense of ownership over the product you work on, and a focus on shipping quality code, we want to hear from you. To assist with designing, building, deploying, and support new and existing features in key areas including our client web application, command-line tool, integrations, security reporting, billing system, developer tooling, and more. To write a lot of Go and/or Typescript with robust unit and integration tests. To document the decisions you make when creating new features so the rest of your team members can follow along. To keep security and privacy front of mind in all aspects of your work. A collaborative group where the team succeeds as a whole. We understand that balance is important in life and deeply value our supportive and flexible work environment. Remote-first environment with flexible working hours to accommodate work-life balance Competitive salary, a comprehensive benefits package, and RRSP or 401K match program Employee Stock Options Program Flexible vacation and time off including additional personal and sick days Wellness programs, Employee Assistance Program and an annual wellness allowance Paid parental leave programs Professional development and peer recognition opportunities Company swag and a free family 1Password subscription (and a discount for friends!) 
ScrapedJobID490:
Generally 4-7 years of work experience in IT or business environment and/or BS/BA in computer science, engineering, information systems, math or business Advanced level of knowledge in technical domain Knowledge in .NET, C#, ASP.NET, MVC, WCF, Angular, JavaScript is nice to have Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages and can code with little oversight Understands core business processes and business requirements as well as the architecture patterns and technology strategy (e.g., transformation, smart core, dev ops) Understands the implications of various components (including technology strategy & architecture) to the overall design of a program, system, or eco-system Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understands functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Assesses impact of design decisions to the computer solution/product/service being developed (performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommends alternate/creative solutions for mitigation/optimization if required. Conducts detailed code-reviews and provides feedback in a constructive manner. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers Decomposes business requirements and translate them into detailed design specifications and code Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommends / decides on appropriate designs Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artifacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery Conceives and writes detailed software implementations/code while ensuring that their code/configurations adhere to the security, logging, error handling, and performance standards and non-functional requirements Builds solutions that are supportable, scale-able and achieve our aspiration of common assets , use the enterprise monitoring/logging, require minimal to zero maintenance and are aligned with architectural patterns and technology strategy Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrates technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness Supports production issues, including Independently completes root-cause analysis and diagnosis Evaluates new technologies for fit with the program/system/eco-system and the associated upstream and downstream impacts on process, data, risk (e.g., security). Works toward the objective of defect free software. Ensures that systems functionally meet requirements, aligns with architecture and promotes the development of common assets. Supports the resolution of production issues and problems. Makes recommendations to improve BMO processes & systems. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes, including managing small projects to completion, as required to deliver business objectives Identifies opportunities to strengthen the capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks across technology. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning 
ScrapedJobID491:
Assist in the analysis and design for system conversions and migrations Develop and document detailed design from a top-level design specification Work with system design specifications, develop detailed specifications for software programming applications or test case Design, code, debug, and documents programs Maintain and document programs in accordance with standards Involved in the maintenance and enhancement of existing operational application systems Develop business knowledge and customer relationships where appropriate Provide technical documentation with an increasing focus on functional documentation Schedule and estimate development tasks Perform code review of other developers’ components Assists in developing code prototypes to demonstrate proposed solutions Post Secondary education in in software engineering/computer science or equivalent experience. Post Secondary Education Core knowledge in Java, SOA 5-8 years experience in Software Development At least 5 years’ experience as a Java developer Strong Experience with development using Spring framework and Springboot Experience as a developer on Kubernetes/Openshift Container platform Strong Knowledge of Design patterns for microservices Jenkins/CICD pipelines and REST API Knowledge of enterprise grade development and Security based practices, SSDLC. Experience working in an agile environment Strong knowledge of object-oriented programming languages and principles Strong knowledge of relational database technologies and platforms Ability to quickly learn and utilize new technologies Ability to work in a team environment Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities Highly motivated Excellent written and verbal communications skills Experience in the Telecommunications industry is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID492:
Work with business units to understand requirements for software development and delivery. Learn and help evolve ARI’s technical standards, bringing fresh perspective and ideas from the academic world into the commercial space. Perform coding build and maintain software Investigates, analyzes and documents reported defects. Creates, documents, and implements test plans and harnesses to ensure high quality work product. Performs related duties as assigned. Provides reasonable and fair estimates for assigned tasks and work efforts. Keeps current with software development trends, make suggestions and take action on IT-related best practices, processes and systems. Must be enrolled in an accredited college or university pursuing a degree in a computer, systems programming or engineering field. Proficiency in programming languages like C#, C++, Java, Swift, Python, JavaScript and others. 
ScrapedJobID493:
Experience in Java or Java 8 J2EE Spring and Service Oriented Architecture SOAP REST. Must have knowledge or experience in Spring Boot Microservices Experience in web development web services SOAP REST. Basic Knowledge on HTML JavaScript CSS Familiar with design patterns. Ability to work both independently and as a team player. Experience and understanding of software source control systems preferably GitHub. Good hands on experience in Maven projects Java: 8 years (preferred) SOA: 1 year (required) Microservices: 1 year (required) No 
ScrapedJobID494:
Provide production support/process monitoring for our bots (digital workers), ensure the bots are running, investigate and troubleshoot issues in the live production environment Responsible for monitoring and responding to open tickets through an incident management system Co-ordinate operational and daily support activities and ensure effective and timely resolution of all issues in compliance with the Service Level Agreement requirements Troubleshoot production issues and suggest fixes to issues by doing a thorough root cause analysis and impact of the defect Maintain our production and development environments and ensure the stability of the environments Monitor our automation environments and technical logs, identify and address potential issues that can occur, and ensure the environments provide the required capacity to scale up and down based on existing volume and future volume based on project pipeline Continuously update the production support knowledge base Perform code reviews and ensure the code base adheres to set standards Understand system and business changes that may impact our automated processes and manage the changes by working collaboratively with our business partners without disruption to production processes Interface and coordinate with various business units for bots deployment in production (code review, deployment) per our automation lifecycle and methodology Work collaboratively with delivery teams on change requests, managing issues and establishing priorities Develop and manage effective relationships with multiple stakeholders and business partners. Apply sound risk management principles, identify, raise and proactively address potential risks related to our automation environments Perform regular audit and compliance review to ensure compliance to our established standards and processes, policies and procedures Provide consulting and support the delivery of automation projects as required 3+ years of demonstrated experience in applications support related to RPA platforms 3+ years experience with RPA technologies (UiPath, Automation Anywhere, PEGA Open Span) Knowledge in SQL and administrating and configuring Windows Server environments Technical knowledge on Windows systems and architecture, Identity and Access Management (Active Directory, CyberArk, SAML), Experience with ITSM tools such as JIRA, Service Now, Confluence Good understanding of the RPA infrastructure deployment options (on prem, cloud) Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering Results-focused; will go above and beyond with the ability to show creativity in providing solutions Proven ability to learn and handle multiple priorities in a dynamic and challenging work environment Ability to work on calls, late nights and weekends as required Knowledge of incident, problem, and change management processes Excellent problem-solving skills; be naturally curious and creative with a drive to offer solutions to problems Ability to multi-task, effectively prioritize work, and adapt in a pressurized situation Relationship building with people and across teams with different levels or expertise Sound business and technical acumen with demonstrated flexibility to identify and apply different approaches to solve business problems, and advance work on business priorities with the ability to deal with ambiguous situations Detail oriented with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with proven interpersonal / teamwork skills Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills to effectively convey goals and initiatives to team members and management. 
ScrapedJobID495:
5+ years of professional experience with developing web applications Excellent English communication skills; both verbal and written Ability to develop comprehensive and well-designed solutions for complex problems Enjoy mentoring and leading a team of developers and be accountable for their results Detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Strong understanding of frontend frameworks such as React (preferred) or similar frameworks Extensive experience with developing web application backends using Flask (preferred), Django, Rails, Express, or equivalent frameworks Experience developing, optimizing and debugging complex SQL databases Experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Experience deploying software on cloud platforms (e.g., GCP, AWS, Microsoft Azure) Image analysis (i.e., algorithm development) background and/or training Leadership and management experience 8 hour shift Do you have a strong understanding of frontend frameworks such as React (preferred) or similar frameworks? Do you have extensive experience with developing web application backends using Flask (preferred), Django, Rails, Express, or equivalent frameworks? Do you have experience developing, optimizing and debugging complex SQL databases ? Do you have experience experience deploying software on cloud platforms (e.g., GCP, AWS, Microsoft Azure)? developing web applications: 5 years (required) Image analysis (algorithm development) background /training: 1 year (preferred) Leadership and management: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID496:
Design, build, evolve, and maintain the foundational front-end of the Agility CMS platform design components used by the other members of your team, as well as by developers who use Agility to build integrations. Build the UI changes that will help increase the productivity of users and developers working with the platform. Build a great experience for people using Agility CMS Build UI components, libraries, and tools, that power the platform that impacts every Agility user, whether they’re an editor, developer, or partner Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, scalable, secure, and extensible Help drive sound technical decision making and lead technical conversations with other teams across Agility Cares deeply about consistency, usability, and speed Knows their way around the modern frontend ecosystem, and has worked on complex web applications with a global user base Can debug problems that span systems, and design solutions that span the whole stack Is energized by focusing on the needs of our users, both internal and external Holds themselves and others to a high bar when working with production systems Writes high quality code, and is willing to work outside frontend technologies Is adept at clear, concise, well-organized written communication about their work Has at least 3 years of experience as a software engineer 
ScrapedJobID497:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID498:
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Microsoft Visual Studio Sublime Text Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Dreamweaver Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML VB Script PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS ASP Ajax JQuery Python React.js Angular.js Git Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Model-View-Controller (MVC) Shell script Subversion (SVN) Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Oracle MS Windows Linux Internet Database software Servers Presentation software Image editing software Project management software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software Programming languages Software development Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Business diagram software Multimedia software C# .NET API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID499:
Develop and maintain Vendasta’s own web pages with the WordPress-based product Website Pro, while following company standards and protocols for development and UXUI design Delivery of full-cycle web development & design projects with heavy emphasis on responsive website and mobile sites Plan and execute site design by clarifying goals from stakeholders Develop site content and graphics by coordinating with other teams and employees Design images, icons, banners, audio enhancements, etc. Update existing web pages in both HTML and WordPress Develop design standards and processes for the Vendasta website Optimize website for SEO, performance, and analytics Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (considered an asset), or equivalent experience 2+ years of demonstrated experience in web and UXUI design & usability as well as current web standards Proficiency with WordPress Graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Familiarity with PHP, Javascript, HTML and CSS Familiarity with basic SEO and performance best practices Experience with Adobe creative suite (Photoshop, InDesign) An eye for typography, composition and colour with pixel-level attention to detail Experience with Google Analytics Please be prepared to show us a portfolio of your previous web development & design accomplishments (WordPress, HTML, CSS, Php, Photoshop etc.). 
ScrapedJobID500:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Data Management: asset and configuration management. Service management: automation, orchestration, service catalog, problem, incident, change management, capacity & change management. Event Management: monitoring, log-collection, correlation, analysis. Visualization: analytics & user interfaces. Application Performance Management Creative Analytical Collaborative Productive Adaptable Relationship Expertise Participate in all phases of the software development cycle as part of a multi-functional Agile team in Java/Spring. Provide code review feedback, implement coding standards, and promote software quality practices, developing unit and integration tests. Apply DevOps practices, automation and collaborate with the operations team to roll out applications to the production environment. Ability to debug and troubleshoot issues in distributed software components. Collaborating with customers and other team members to understand technical and infrastructure requirements. Ability to work well under pressure, handling multiple tasks and balancing multiple objectives, while consistently ensuring that the highest priority objectives are met, and quality is maintained. Taking part in customer facing meetings. Autonomous, able to take ownership of the code or a whole project. Experience with Java and Spring Experience with Angular Strong knowledge of development fundamentals (e.g. data structures, design patterns, abstraction, multithreading, asynchronous programming). Strong knowledge and experience developing object-oriented in Java, including unit testing, refactoring, and other automated testing such as acceptance and e2e tests. Experience using feature flags or other DevOps techniques to iterate. Experience developing in Linux environments Experience with change management and software development life cycles. Worked with: Eclipse, IntelliJ, Maven, Gradle, Artifactory, Groovy Experience with SSL/TLS certificates, SAML 2.0, OAuth, CI/CD, OWASP Guidelines, Kerberos. Experience with Cassandra Knowledge of systems software / hardware, networks and operating systems. Experience working with both relational and NoSQL databases Experience with OSS python tools and frameworks such as Invoke, Click, Celery, RabbitMQ, Flask. Experience with other OSS tools such as Elasticsearch or Prometheus. Experience with Cucumber, Kafka Cloud and distributed environments Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID501:
Worked for the past 5+ years as a C# Developer in an enterprise environment Spent several years writing code to streamline, automate, and transform processes within an o365 environment Helped to strategize, develop and troubleshoot migration issues and used best practice Use PowerShell scripts for automation Design developed applications and tools to support an o365 infrastructure migration Create a solid infrastructure that can be used for future migrations Utilize APIs (Graph API, REST, SDK, OLAP) and develop calls to integrate o365 applications Advanced SQL programming skills Knowledge Unified Communications exp (Teams, Zoom) Office 365 migration tools (Sharegate/Quest/mover.io/etc). Understanding of eComms, Information barriers, Data classifications, Data leakage protection etc. 
ScrapedJobID502:
object oriented programming client/server technologies (PHP, Ruby, Python, etc) development frameworks (Druple, Joomla, DotNetNuke, etc) database design (MYSQL, etc) javascript frameworks iOS/iAd development Rich Internet Application design/development 
ScrapedJobID503:
No 
ScrapedJobID504:
Remote / flex work from Home/Office (Canada) – Toronto (downtown), Mississauga, Montreal, Halifax. 
ScrapedJobID505:
Core team with API’s and Admin tools (mainly in Stockholm, Sweden) Content creation team (mainly in Halifax, Canada) Mobile & Web frontends team (mainly in Ambala, India) API microservice development. Establishing engineering practices, crucially including a high level of automation, clean code style, fast deployment and fail-early tests. Early engineering input on feature design, including exploration and API prototyping with UX/UI designers and our Product Owner. Mentoring junior team members. Experience of writing well structured and clean backend API code. Very familiar with PHP 7, both its features and quirks Well-versed in creating maintainable and testable code, structure and architecture. Comfortable and quick with Git and code reviews. Confident in writing SQL queries, in MySQL as well as using ORMs. Fluent in English Bonus: if you have an additional strong skill such as cloud infrastructure, database design, big data, machine learning. You need to be a resident of: Canada, Sweden, Germany, or Finland. Alternatively you can work as a contractor and invoice us (with VAT etc). Join our mission to educate the world! A startup on the cusp of becoming really big: we have built this wealth of content, now it’s time to launch it globally Hybrid workplace: work in office, remotely, or both International organization Small agile organization where you can take a big responsibility We take great care of our employees (this is a direct shareholder instruction): Pension package, health insurance, insurances, wellness allowance An agile work process (Scrum/Kanban) Spend 10% of your time on learning projects, 20% on proactively improving your developer experience 
ScrapedJobID506:
competitive pay & flexible work schedule winter-holiday shut-down free coffee regular company status meetings with CEO free on-site parking medical & dental groups benefits plan short & long-term disability travel medical insurance Assist in high-level design and solution architecture Assist in the implementation of solutions in client environments Support and manage existing client environments Support senior consultants on proof-of-concept assignments Prepare client training material and other supporting documentation Assist in other consulting/advisory projects Developing reports and other customizations University degree or college diploma in information technology or Business Experience with .Net Development (C#, VB) Experience with database systems such as SQL Server or My SQL Software development tools (Visual Studio, VS Code) Experience with data conversion or integration of an asset Experience with Front end Programming languages would be an asset (JS, HTML, CSS) Experience with distributed code sharing tools such as git Possess or plan to obtain Microsoft certification(s) Proficient communication skills (oral and written) Competitive salary and performance/KPI/Metrics based incentives based on candidates qualifications Benefits package Career development opportunities 
ScrapedJobID507:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance analysis and documentation to ensure that software meets business needs Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend style guides and templates for scalability across application use Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, maintaining existing code and refactor to meet deadlines or to increase maintainability, performance, and responsiveness Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain front end dev standards, technologies, and tools. Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End development for team growth Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass etc. Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux lifecyclesNode.js) Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant applications Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new technologies to improve the architecture and boost page speed Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized problem solving and troubleshooting skills Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID508:
Leads team efforts to produce high quality software inclusive of requirements analysis, system design, implementation, testing, deployment and support. Leads initiatives to improve code structure for the entire development organization. Analyzes large, complex systems to determine performance bottlenecks, missing functionality, and bugs. Adheres to established protocols, procedures, and best practices to ensure quality of code. Mentor's other developers to instill best practices and ensure quality of work. Writes clear technical documentation and comments in code for other developers. Drives collaboration between teams on larger architectural changes. Writes clear requirements to recreate and/or correct issues. Understands features being developed across the product and how those will interact. Can call out risks to those interactions. Participates in team meetings and encourages an open, collaborative team dynamic. Communicates with team and management about deadlines, roadblocks, and status. Keeps up to date on relevant technologies, methodologies, and tools. Lead/Final decision maker for architectural discussions. Performs other duties as required. Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in Computer Science, Programming, or similar field. Minimum ten years of professional experience developing commercial software. Recent experience with Java and Java related micro-services In-depth understanding of modern software architecture and methodologies. Extensive experience in object-oriented analysis and design. Extensive experience working with multiple languages and platforms. Extensive experience with QA & Testing, including unit tests, TDD methods, and automated testing. Strong aptitude for writing well designed, testable and efficient code. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Strong willingness and ability to mentor other engineers. Experience working with Agile/Scrum methodology, tools, and techniques. Experience with continuous integration and build automation. Thrive in a fast-paced environment: learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques. Ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Able to effect department-wide process changes/improvements. Able to work with management and other departments to implement cross-functional process changes and improvements. Knowledge of Java Spring Framework In-depth understanding of service-oriented architecture, big data systems, and distributed computing Professional experience with JavaScript Experience with AWS, Elasticsearch, and one or more relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL Server) and streaming technologies (e.g., kafka or Kinesis) Familiar with Kubernetes, Docker, and Jenkins or similar build automation system Comfortable in Unix/Linux operating systems. 
ScrapedJobID509:
Expertise with developing modular front end applications Client Side Technologies - XHTM/HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, , SASS, JavaScript, JS Framework, jQuery, MVC Frameworks – REACT, TDD, BDD, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, ES6, Babble as compiler Experience in Using typical front-end build tools: Front-end testing (Jasmine, Mocha, Chai, QUnit, etc.) Experience integrating web development with large enterprise products (i.e. CRM, WCM, etc.), specifically JavaScript/ REACT work with ADOBE AEM Framework. Experience in Responsive/Adaptive Web Design (RWD/AWD) using CSS3, Bootstrap and CSS preprocessor like SCSS Should be familiar with ADOBE AEM platform w.r.t hosting frontend and use as a Content Management System, workflow, personalization, internationalization etc. Design and implement solutions based on Adobe AEM .Convert client provided content into AEM content Extensive knowledge on Cross Device and Cross Browser compatibility, Performance Optimization, Web Accessibility – WCAG 2.0, AA compliance Good hands on with TDD and BDD - Test and Behaviour Driven Development using Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Selenium Server side Integration knowledge backend Technologies - JAVA, JSP, JSF, MS SQL Good awareness with User Experience Design, Interaction Design, Information Architecture, Usability, Branding and Visual Design Very much familiar with Web Design/Development Tools - DreamWeaver, Photoshop, Edit Plus, Eclipse, WebStorm as an IDE Should be aware with ADOBE AEM as Web CMS, GIT as repository and Version Control Systems and JIRA as ALM Working experience in Agile methodology of software developmen Strong Communication, Interpersonal, Leadership, Management skills, nteract with various different stakeholders from Business, and technology, various teams like User Experience Designers, Visual Designers, Web Developers, Backend developers, third party ststems. 
ScrapedJobID510:
Casual dress Work from home Monday to Friday Ottawa, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Android app development: 7 years (required) Kotlin: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID511:

ScrapedJobID512:
Develop new features and product improvements Prepare documentation related to implementation Perform code reviews and provide feedback Have a proficient understanding of software development processes Interface with internal departments to investigate and resolve reported software issues Follow a development plan established by the Sr. Engineers of the teams Have practical experience with C#, .NET, and Windows programming Experience using Visual Studio, source control, issues tracking systems Good understanding of OOP design and implementation Ability and skill to troubleshoot Ability to communicate clearly and competently, in writing and verbally Knowledge of relational databases such as Oracle and SQL Serve Practical experience with SOAP and REST web services Basic knowledge of development frameworks and libraries such as MVC, JQuery, .NET Core, and HTML Basic knowledge of containerizing applications Basic knowledge of Kubernetes ecosystem and helm charts Understanding of gradle builds MVC, JQuery,/Net Core Web development, HTML and Relational/Graph database integration 
ScrapedJobID513:
Knowledge of best practices building a clean codebase. eg. file maintenance, component structure Portfolio demonstrating your frontend skills Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Strong knowledge of fundamentals of JavaScript without a framework 2-5 years exp. with one or many of the top JavaScript frameworks or libraries. ie. React, Vue, Angular Strong knowledge of CSS Comfortable with the command line and git utilities Worked with large projects from inception to completion Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with Node Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID514:
Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with account managers, supervisors, and clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer / mentor to other developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Implementing updates & revisions to web applications Experience building React applications that:
Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source.
Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source. Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. We work extensively with Drupal which is a PHP based content management framework, and while Drupal experience is a plus, it’s not a requirement. Experience working with design systems or style guides provided by a creative or UX team. Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. If you know other programming languages or frameworks, don’t forget to mention them, any technical knowledge is relevant. Comfortable with the command line, such as running scripts or managing files While this is a React position, applicants with Vue, Angular or other javascript framework experience will be considered. Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so hopefully you have some code you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID515:
Manage the setup, back up and refresh of environments Manage security Developing reports and other customizations Troubleshooting during testing Perform data conversions Provide technical demonstrations to customers Onsite or remote technical training principally of a technical nature You will understand the industries BDO services and contribute to the group's advancement You will ensure work is complete, accurate and appropriately reviewed by maintaining the necessary technical knowledge and professional development You will recommend and implement quality or efficiency improvements to our engagements You will actively engage in communication with people leaders to ensure understanding of performance and development, while identifying and attracting top talent You will support our firm's revenue growth by referring clients to other services lines and new clients to BDO University degree or college diploma in information technology or business Experience with data conversion or integration an asset Experience with software development tools or languages an asset Possess or plan to obtain Microsoft certification(s) Proficient communication skills (oral and written) Experience with database systems such as SQL Server or SQL Express is preferred but not essential Knowledge of Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations or similar ERP software considered an asset We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID516:
Driving and owning feature development from inception to completion Collaboration in refining RenoRun's software process Involvement in system level architecture discussions Creating reliable, well-tested code that directly impacts users experience Developing and maintaining RenoRun's Java applications Researching and developing tech stack improvements Working closely with Product, Design, Marketing, Sales, Data Science and other Engineering departments Working remotely with eventual return to an office environment in some capacity post-COVID 3+ years of working experience as a Java Developer, or similar roles; Proficiency in Java Experience with Spring Boot, Hibernate, Spring Data, Elastic Search, Kafka Strong understanding on Object Oriented Programming Experience building scalable web applications (architecture, RESTful APIs and database design) Desire to break new ground and innovate in an industry undergoing digital transformation Strong communications skills with the purpose of establishing great relationships Passionate about solving complex problems Experience with iterative development methodologies Experience with the usual tools of the trade Experience with AWS services Experience with payment processors Experience with monitoring tools Experience using automated testing frameworks and methodologies through CI/CD pipelines Health, dental & vision insurance effective immediately Equity Free access to healthcare professionals via a virtual care application Flexible working environment and schedule - be comfortable working from home Unlimited vacation Save on snacks thanks to our well-stocked kitchen 
ScrapedJobID517:
Design experiments for process and product development Design, modification and analyze of electronic hardware, systems, and PCBs Design, Develop, Assemble, test prototype and pre-production products Investigate origin and cause of failures, damages or defects in electrical fields Evaluate off-the-shelf and custom drivers, components, PCBs, PCAs, etc. Develop software systems to control circuits and other electronic segments Write reports on technological developments in the industry Ensure designs meet regulations and quality standards by the IPC, FCC, IC, etc. Create reports and document the entire process Collaborate with others in R&D projects Familiar with working in a fast-paced agile environment Bachelor's degree in engineering or similar. Master's degree preferable. Practical experience with design software. Experience in design recommended. Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. Strong written, verbal, and telephonic communication skills. Excellent research and interpersonal skills. Strong analytical skills. Day shift Monday to Friday Vancouver, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) citizenship, PR or refugee status (required) work permit/ study permit (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID518:
Computer Science Computer Software Engineering or equivalent experience Microsoft Visual Studio Manufacture Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic Object-Oriented programming languages SQL .NET ASP.NET Basic security clearance Internet access Willing to travel Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Relocation costs not covered by employer MS Windows Database software File management software Programming software Web service design Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID519:
Transform business requirements and research into winning delivery solutions that meet performance goals. Rigorously build and test applications. Systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. Aim for defect-free programming, create and maintain quality code, provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Contribute to project plans, estimations and status updates. Identify issues, develop and maintain processes that address and resolve them, (communicate with stakeholders as needed). Primarily focus on day-to-day activities. Make enhancements and troubleshoot. Configure and develop custom components with technology partners (analysts, developers, designers etc.) to meet requirements and goals. Make sure applications are free of common coding vulnerabilities (and follow standard security practices). Complete unit and integration testing (per standards and design specs). Take part in scope assessment, risk and cost analysis. Stay on top of state-of-health monitoring and monthly SLA targets. Apply and share technical expertise during incident management life cycle (e.g. analyze reports and outages, perform impact assessments, facilitate stakeholder communication). Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate. 2-3 years relevant experience. Sound knowledge of the business, technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems. Readiness and motivation to work on low to moderately complex tasks under general supervision. Ability to develop program specifications. adapt, integrate, code, test and debug programs, as well as execute several components of the development life cycle. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID520:
Extended health care Monday to Friday iOS development: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID521:
Developing user-facing applications using Vue.js Building modular and reusable components and libraries Optimizing your application for performance Implementing automated testing integrated into development and maintenance workflows Staying up-to-date with all recent developments in the JavaScript and Vue.js space Keeping an eye on security updates and issues found with Vue.js and all project dependencies Proposing any upgrades and updates necessary for keeping up with modern security and development best practices. Highly proficient with the JavaScript language and its modern ES6+ syntax and features. Highly proficient with Vue.js framework and its core principles such as components, reactivity, and the virtual DOM. Familiarity with the Vue.js ecosystem, including Vue CLI, VueX, Vue Router, and Nuxt.js Good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3, including SASS and Less. Understanding of server-side rendering and its benefits and use cases. Knowledge of functional programming and object-oriented programming paradigms. Ability to write efficient, secure, well-documented, and clean JavaScript code. Familiarity with automated JavaScript testing, specifically testing frameworks such as Jest or Mocha. Proficiency with modern development tools, like Babel, Webpack, and Git. Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs. Bonus pay Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID522:
Select the most effective textile application methods that will produce the highest quality result Ensure all detailed specifications are expertly captured across all prints, graphics, patterns, and embellishments Develop blueprints in alignment with the creative vision that outline the desired aesthetic and technical outcomes Partner with suppliers as they develop strike offs, ensuring adherence to time and action plans and approved production timelines Ensure technical feedback and approvals from cross-functional teams are communicated effectively to suppliers Proven skills, education, and/or applicable certifications in:
Partnering with external suppliers to communicate technical specifications for prints, graphics, patterns and embellishments
Lifecycle Management (PLM) systems or other enterprise business systems
Adobe Creative Suite, including Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign
Data analysis and Microsoft Excel
Colour theory and colour correction Partnering with external suppliers to communicate technical specifications for prints, graphics, patterns and embellishments Lifecycle Management (PLM) systems or other enterprise business systems Adobe Creative Suite, including Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign Data analysis and Microsoft Excel Colour theory and colour correction A commitment to learn and apply Aritzia's Values, Business and People Leadership principles The ability to collaborate fluently with cross-functional partners. A commitment to quality and investing in results that add value to the business An understanding and a passion for the industry in which we operate A-OK Commissary & Café - Our in-office, world-class bistro and café The SET - Our in-house gym, with state-of-the art equipment and custom classes Aspirational Workspace - Every detail is considered to connect to the energy of the culture Amenities - Facilities include private parent's room, bike storage rooms, and shower facilities with complimentary conveniences Product Discount - Our famous product discount, online and in store 
ScrapedJobID523:
Collaborating with a multi-disciplinary team to understand system/application requirements and recommend appropriate solutions; including Designers, Core Marketing Staff, and QA Analysts Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize app features Tracking and planning project progress through a Project Management System (E.g., JIRA) Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Keeping up to date with the latest trends and best practices in the mobile industry Work on bug fixing and improving app performance by utilizing various toolkits Enrolled in a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent program (expected graduation date 2022 or later ) Practical experience developing natively in iOS is an asset High degree of knowledge with Social API’s, especially Facebook, Slack etc. is preferred Knowledgeable of Web technologies such as HTML and JavaScript Self-motivated and willing to take initiative in problem solving and learning is an asset A passion for code quality and adherence to standards Experience working with a version control system, especially GIT Keen eye for details and quality at both the code level and the app UX Knowledge or Experience in full life-cycle development of mobile applications in iOS and android Knowledge or Experience with iOS 8+ SDK, AutoLayout, Storyboards, CoreData, and XCode Knowledge or Experience in object oriented programming knowledge (E.g., Objective-C) Knowledge or Experience working with remote data via REST, third-party libraries, APIs and JSON Knowledge or Experience parsing XML / JSON Competitive compensation Flexible working hours A progressive and challenging workplace with commitment to innovation, teamwork and integrity. 
ScrapedJobID524:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor's degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID525:

ScrapedJobID526:

ScrapedJobID527:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be responsible for designing and implementing solutions to improve the responsiveness and performance of this UI component. You will work with our current SMEs to identify and understand the technical challenges of the legacy application and design a roadmap for the next iteration of this user-interface. You will analyze the current data flows and technologies in place as to identify bottlenecks. This may involve simulations and load testing to gather observations. Research, develop or adopt new solutions to keep this UI up to the latest standards. Revisit our current development practices, be it testing, telemetry, deployment or code organization. You will support different phases of the product lifecycle including analysis, development, and testing. Minimum 5 years of experience in C# Excellent Communication Skills Experience in complete development cycle A passion for learning and a strong interest in the Financial Industry are essential Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID528:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID529:
Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID530:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID531:
Develop visually appealing front-end/back-end website architecture, including mock-ups and wireframes from our UX and UI designers Maintain, improve, and test our web and mobile applications Develop functional databases, applications, and servers to support the website on the back end Give and receive constructive feedback on your team’s work via code reviews and testing Effectively contribute suggestions and new ideas to enhance performance and usability Keep your skills up-to-date and make recommendations on software approaches, architectures, and vendors Aspire to take a high degree of code, process, and delivery responsibility Enthused to work in an agile / high-paced environment where code backed by automated tests is shipped into production frequently Collaborate with a cross-functional team to plan, design, and execute sprints Develop and implement low-latency, highly performant server-side components by writing efficient, reusable, and maintainable code Collaborate with team members to contribute to improvements in process and infrastructure Leverage available tools/systems to proactively identify and resolve defects Implement effective security protocols and data protection measures Work with frontend developers on the integration of application elements Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience working in diverse teams Must have at least 1 year of experience working as a Back-end developer Proficient level of Node.js experience with components, classes and associated technologies Good knowledge of popular node libraries/components in open source community Brainstorm, concept, and collaborate with architects, front-end, and product team to come up with practical application solutions. Following and implementing the latest coding trends, tricks/hacks and best practices along with conveying the message to the other team members Excellent verbal and written communication skills and able to interact professionally with a diverse group of people Familiarity integrating with external APIs and SDKs Strong skills writing testable and maintainable code Strong foundation with unit testing Good understanding of asynchronous programming Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Experience with MongoDb and Redis data storage solutions, or other DB solutions Collaborate with team members to contribute to improvements in process and infrastructure Leverage available tools/systems to proactively identify and resolve defects Implement effective security protocols and data protection measures Work with frontend developers on the integration of application elements Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, Express.js, MondoDb, Redis, Jest, Yarn and related technologies React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Jest, Yarn and related technologies An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment Swift/Kotlin experience A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) Team spirit and a sense of humour is always great Bonus pay Company events Discounted or free food Flexible schedule Paid time off Profit sharing Stock options Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Overtime Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Express.js: 1 year (preferred) React: 1 year (preferred) Amazon Web Services: 1 year (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID532:
Job Type: Full-time. Keywords: Developer, Java, JSON, RESTful APIs, Web services, C#, .Net. Job Location: Canada. Flexibility: Efficient and disciplined professionals can work from home, or in hybrid mode at the office and at home. Competitive compensation package based on proficiency and experience. Generous and unique benefits. Possibility of rapid advancement based on performance. The person in this role will learn to work with the Salesforce platform. The person in this role can progress onto the role of Salesforce Developer. Analyze complex business problems and requirements. Contribute to the design and implementation of solutions on the Salesforce platform (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Experience Cloud, CPQ, etc.). Including but not limited to: flow, workflow, process builder, APEX trigger, batch jobs, Lightning components, visual flows and integrations to third party applications via API (web services - REST/JSON). Work in close collaboration with various internal teams and external customers. MANDATORY: 2+ years of development experience using one or several of Java, JSON, RESTful APIs, Web services, C#, .Net. MANDATORY: Good written and spoken English. BA or College/CEGEP degree in IT or equivalent, or self-taught with a high level of competency. Good cultural fit: helpfulness, communication, dynamism, motivation, autonomy. #WeCareWeLead unique culture of helpfulness and leadership with all colleagues and customers. High growth company with its dynamism and challenges. Flexible schedule and ability to work from home. Personal and professional growth. Generous and unique benefits. 1% Pledge with Nonprofits. 
ScrapedJobID533:
Working in an outcomes-based environment, with set performance targets Build strong working relationships, the job developer will perform outreach, cold calls, and network at various events to promote the benefits of Employment Ontario Services at Port Cares Assess Employers needs to find the program/service that best benefits them including COJG Prepare and facilitate presentations on site, offsite or online for employers, clients, community associations Organize and attend job fairs Assist with promoting events and services Assist employers with various recruitment services including: creating job descriptions, job postings, pre-screening and interviewing Negotiate, monitor and administer agreements in accordance with the program guidelines and targets Keep up to date on local and regional labour market trends Liaise with other employees to discuss marketing ideas and needs Work with clients to confirm their career goals and to facilitate job placements Responsible for maintaining accurate paper and electronic documentation File security and confidentiality Coverage of Resource area and reception desk when require Completion of Post-Secondary Education or experience in a related field Leadership skills including delegating, giving feedback, conflict resolution, problem solving, active listening, reliability, creativity and positivity Desire to empower and develop skills and talents of our team members Strong understanding of all Employment Ontario Programs and Services with a focus on performance and outcomes as outlined in our guidelines and contracts Able to give and receive feedback in a positive and professional manner Strong sales background with a focus on customer service and measurable outcomes is an asset Demonstrated excellence and accuracy in file management Strong computer skills with various software applications and internet-based search engines Highly effective interpersonal skills together with strong oral, written communication and presentation skills Superior organizational skills with an ability to prioritize and multi-task Working knowledge of the Fedcap Program Guidelines and databases Valid driver’s license and ability to travel locally throughout the Niagara Region is a requirement Niagara Regional Police Clearance Certification required Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Secondary School (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID534:
Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Microsoft Access: 5 years (preferred) Yes Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID535:
Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID536:
Writes logical and functional PHP code Provides technical code improvements to our environment Contributes to HTML, Javascript, and CSS ecosystems for continuous improvement and efficiencies Implements and creates new strategies to improve back-end operations Develops software and scripts that are scalable and work well under continuous calls Works closely with other team members to develop cutting edge e-commerce features Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or Engineering from a college or university Have 5 years of web development experience In-depth knowledge of PHP, MySQL, HMTL, CSS Indepth-knowledge of jQuery Understand payment gateway security and integration Exposure to API integration for desk-top and mobile platforms Excellent interpersonal skills, loved to be challenged, and passionate about self improvment Easy going, passionate and great sense of TEAM Analytical and creative approach to problem solving 
ScrapedJobID537:
CSS, HTML5 and JavaScript Net Environment (ASP.NET MVC) jQuery, LESS/SASS, Bootstrap, AJAX and RWD Front-End Debugging Tools (ex. Chrome) Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack Create, integrate and maintain responsive design Collaborate in an Agile environment along with a dynamic team composed of software developers, architects, product managers and quality assurance specialists Innovate and optimize Web structure to maximize reuse and facilitate maintenance Ensure the trusty performance of our sites on all platforms: mobile, Web and tablet Configure and test the display of each site on multiple platform screens (responsive design) ensuring its compatibility with different Web browsers Optimize and improve website user experience (UX) Recommend and apply best Web practices Technical or Collegial diploma pertaining to Web Development or Multimedia Integration 7-8 years’ experience in a similar position Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Excellent knowledge of our technologies, especially CSS and HTML Excellent Knowledge of JavaScript Knowledge of Frameworks Javascript (Angular, VueJS) Strong interest for technology watch Critical spirit related to Visual Design Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Basic knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator applications Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Possibilities of international assignments 
ScrapedJobID538:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Programming languages MS Office Initiative Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID539:
‍Liaise with sales, marketing, and customer success to understand business needs Propose solutions along with benefits, risks, and detailed level-of-effort estimates Build well-thought solutions that create a solid foundation as CoLab continues scaling Maintain knowledge of Salesforce, Pardot, and Pendo development best practices Complete QA, testing, and debugging; develop user documentation Participate in the sales cycle as needed (solution definition, pre-sales, estimating, and project planning) Knit together data sources into a single source of truth that can inform decision-making Prioritize requests for development work based on business needs Provide technical help and end-user troubleshooting for bug fixes, enhancements, and “how-to” assistance Integrate multiple systems with Salesforce, including internal proprietary and third-party applications Previous Salesforce programming experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field Proficiency with Salesforce.com development including modification of standard objects and fields as well as creation of custom objects and fields Excellent client-facing written and oral communication skills Apex and Visualforce development, design, configuration, testing, and deployment of Salesforce.com solutions In depth knowledge of REST/SOAP APIs and experience building integrations with Salesforce.com Experience in security best practices for authentication and authorization of service integrations Solid understanding of database design and query languages to retrieve and store data in an efficient manner Excellent organizational and time management skills Casual dress Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID540:
Create and maintain accurate tech packs including bill of materials, detailed sketches and garment measurements. Build and maintain styles in product management system ensuring data accuracy. Coordinate with internal and external teams or vendors to manage proto, sample, counter-sample and production approvals to ensure quality standards and on-time delivery Work in collaboration with Design and Pattern Making to ensure products meet established fit and measurement standards Works with the Design and Production team to understand the design objectives and source the materials necessary to build the best in class product. Review and recommend changes to construction, design, material usage to ensure product quality, productivity, costs and margin goals are maintained. Communicates testing requirements, pricing goals, and quality requirements to the factories, internal and external team members. Analyze and troubleshoot product issues in a timely fashion. Manages the product/wear testing to assure the products meet the outlined standards Identify areas for improvement in working processes and provide solutions to Head of Design and Development where there are opportunities for increased efficiency. Work with Senior Developer to advance technical knowledge where possible & flag opportunities for group development if necessary. Build vendor and cross functional relationships through effective communication, through email, in person and virtually. Degree in textile design or related; 3+ years’ experience in development, design, textiles, merchandising or production. Keen attention to detail and dedication to accuracy Strong written and verbal communication and negotiating skills Able to multitask and manage changing priorities Proficiency in Microsoft Office and Adobe Illustrator Prior experience with product data management systems. Knowledge of fabrics and trims, sourcing, material and product specs, garment construction, pattern making, related testing, costing; ability to travel domestically and internationally as required. Ability to work independently but also as part of a team. Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment Continuously curious, and able to identify learning opportunities for self and team development Experience working with domestic and offshore vendors Familiarity with Visual 2000 (product management system) or Proficient in other Product Line Management Systems Knowledge of headwear and other accessories Knowledge of embroidery and surface graphic applications such as screen printing, etc. Knowledge of grading principles and/or experience using grading software such as Gerber is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID541:

ScrapedJobID542:
Monday to Friday Machine Learning: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID543:
Working with a huge corpus of text data. Work closely with senior ML engineers on the team. Find, create, synthesize datasets for rapid prototyping. Stay updated with the latest and greatest in the field of NLP, more specifically, information retrieval, dialogue systems, multi-step reasoning and conversational-ai Foster a quantitative approach to problem solving. Lead by example. Be passionate about leveraging technology and making the law accessible for all Observe and overcome your own biases, and see what's possible. Help advance the state of the art in NLP, think beyond what exists today. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or a similar field heavy on math, experimentation and programming. Preferably, a Masters degree with a focus in Natural Language Processing. PhD candidates are also welcome to apply. Demonstrated experience in continuous self development in the field of NLP. Demonstrate self-learning by having completed relevant deep learning MOOCs, bootcamps, and capstone projects. Minimum of 2 years of industry experience in natural language processing. Experience with basic Python libraries such as Numpy, Pandas, NLTK, CoreNLP, spaCy, etc. Experience using at least one of the open source tools like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, etc. Experience with REST APIs (using and building) Legally authorized to work full-time (40 hours per week) in Canada. Effective Communication Skills An in-depth demo/presentation of your NLP research/projects Demonstrated advanced abilities in mathematics and/or linguistics Experience with Neural Networks, Information Retrieval, Question Answering, Multi-step Reasoning, Summarization Experience with ElasticSearch, FAISS, AWS SageMaker Competitive Stock Options Competitive Pay Unlimited vacation days 16" MacBook Pro dedicated for work Additional winter holidays (Dec 25 - Jan 1) Flexible work hours and location. We’re cool with remote work! In-person office workspace can be made available in Toronto (if required), in accordance with City of Toronto Public Health guidelines. 1 day, every alternate week, dedicated to projects you’d like to innovate on within the context of the work the company is doing Growing in to more senior roles, starting with hiring and training a co-op for your team and/or the project your team is leading No red tape, no unnecessary processes, accelerated learning and growth. Health benefits Work for a fast growing AI startup and make an impact. We are building something legit and impactful, not just another app. 
ScrapedJobID544:
Flexible working hours and arrangements An entrepreneurial, international, and dynamic work environment A shared mission to drive accountability and responsible behavior of companies, thus creating positive change A company that embraces diversity, because life would be boring if we were all the same! Implement front-end applications using technologies like React, Redux, Next.js, styled-components, Node.js, Express, GraphQL Apollo, KeyCloak, Docker Interact with the development and products team in the design and implementation process Write well-designed and tested code Create and update technical documentations Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review A BS/MS degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent qualifications Strong analytical skills and knowledge of algorithms and data structures 2+ years of proven, hands-on application development experience Experience in scalable, testable, and composable application design and implementation Proven working experience in TypeScript / JavaScript and React Capacity for building server-side components using Node.js and Express as application server Understanding of UX Design best practices Experience in using GraphQL and Rest API microservices Communication skills for effective teamwork Ability to keep pace with an agile environment Fluency in English 
ScrapedJobID545:
A culture that is one-of-a-kind — a happy team is a hard-working team High focus on the health and wellness of our staff including flexible hours A unique revenue sharing plan — as the company succeeds, so do you Competitive salaries and accelerated promotions for those who go above and beyond Dedication to hiring students and new graduates; it keeps us feeling young Working in the heart of Silicon Dartmouth — the office is car, bike and bus friendly for those working from the office. A social committee that plans 3-4 fun events every year: paint ball, BBQs, bowling, rock climbing and virtual events have been done before. Be a growth agent. Maintain design consistency, aesthetics, and functionality of web application pages. Build and maintain communication processing systems. Oversee the complete software development life cycle on client-server platforms and internet application architectures. Testing, troubleshooting, and resolving software issues. Design, develop, and maintain web-based applications in PHP 7, MySQL 5, HTML 5, and JavaScript. Working in a Linux console environment with VIM. 1-2 years software development experience. Knowledge of object-oriented programming and standard design patterns. Effective technical communications and documentation skills. Ability to take natural language requirements and transform them into technical specifications. Knowledge of version control such as GIT, SVN, Mercurial or Team Foundation Server. Project planning tools for UML design, diagramming, and general project management. Operating system knowledge in Linux and Windows. Knowledge in Mac an asset. Development experience with functional programming languages, artificial intelligence, queueing systems, C/C++, Node.js, AngularJS, Restful APIs, XML, XHTML, AJAX, or JSON an asset. Mobile development experience is an asset. Server management experience is an asset. Knowledge of ticket and work management systems such as Phabricator, Trac, Atlassian or RT an asset. Experience editing Wikis such as MediaWiki or Phabricator an asset. 
ScrapedJobID546:

ScrapedJobID547:
Bonus pay Disability insurance Extended health care Monday to Friday Overtime Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID548:
Implementing required API features: database design, API specification, and Laravel code (controllers, models, etc.) Benchmarking and stress testing prototypes for data-driven decision making Internal documentation Three (3) years of work experience in a development role or equivalent experience Solid understanding of building scalable, high performing systems and services Experience designing RESTful APIs or similar Experience with PHP’s Laravel/Lumen or similar frameworks Experience with Postgres (or equivalent SQL server), or Redis (or equivalent) Solid analytical and problem-solving mindset GitHub profile with sample projects you would like to showcase Masters or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent Engineering program Experience working in start-up environments Experience working with modern frameworks such as VueJS, NestJS, React Container tools experience with Docker or Kubernetes Proficiency in Linux and shell scripting (Bash 5.x) Exposure to PL/pgSQL Employee stock purchase plan Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID549:
Implementing custom integration application using C# .NET. Implementing XML, JSON data transformation applications using C# .NET. Implementing Webservices (SOAP, REST and ASP .Net Web API) using C# .NET. Keeping yourself and the team up to date with emerging technological trends Identifying areas of our platform that need refactoring for performance, design, reliability or scalability reasons. Assisting to implement software development processes among our development teams. Working as a team with other developers and helping continuously improve team dynamics Performing peer code reviews for other team members. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a comparable university level program Minimum 5 years’ experience developing production web applications (any platform) Minimum 5 year developing applications in C# and .NET required Minimum 5 years using .Net Fundamentals SDLC basics, Development patterns, Knowledge of common libraries, IO, Formatting, data conversion Minimum 5 years developing applications using ASP .Net ASP .Net Web basics (Request, Response, Page lifecycle, Register JS scripts, Validation, Forms etc.), Web . Config configuration and security Minimum 5 years developing Custom integration applications using File based Import, XML based import, JSON based import, Web API, Webservices Minimum 5 years developing applications using WCF Data Contracts, Service Contracts, Message, Configuration, Error handling, Security, Authentication, Building Clients Minimum 5 years developing applications using ASP .Net Web API Data Models, Controllers, Routing, Configuration, Error handling, Security, Authentication, Building Clients Strong object oriented design and programming knowledge using C# and .NET 4.5, ADO, NHibernate, Entity Framework, Dependency Injection (e.g. Ninject, Autofac, etc.) Experience with unit testing Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server (programming with T-SQL) Table Joins, SQL Server basic functions, SQL Server embedded functions/variables, Stored Procedures and functions, Query Optimization, Profiler, Execution Plan knowledge Strong knowledge of the Microsoft Windows Server platform, including IIS, WCF and MSMQ Experience with performance profiling and monitoring tools (ANTS, Microsoft, Dynatrace, New Relic, Lean Sentry, DataDog etc.) Working knowledge of source control like Team Foundation Server, GitHub and Azure Dev Ops Experience working with Microsoft Azure, service bus etc. Application deployment and support experience Experience working in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Building on excellence: More than well-established, we’ve been excelling for more than 30 years and we’re still growing in an international market with immense potential. We offer elite solutions in an industry that is rapidly adopting technology and innovation to drive efficiency, reliability, sustainability and competitive advantages. And we deliver those on all fronts. Variety: If you are looking for a job with the “same old daily routine”, this is not it. You will be working across all phases of the application life cycle on a variety of solutions tailored to diverse customer environments. You’ll get to face new challenges and flex a lot of different muscles. Rewards & balance: We combine competitive compensation with a generous benefits package. We’re likeminded professionals collaborating in a relaxed work place with a family-like atmosphere. We empower professional development, promote personal growth and reimburse for educational opportunities. We’re involved in our community and embrace volunteerism. We like that mix - and you will too. The respect and recognition you deserve: As a key member of an elite team, you’ll be respected as a driver of excellence for a ground-breaking solution. Unlike others who bury key contributors in the underbelly of a corporate cubicle culture, we proudly give our people the props they deserve. That’s one of the many reasons why we have one of the lowest turnover rates in our industry. 
ScrapedJobID550:
Analyze highly complex business requirements; generate technical specifications to design or redesign complex software components and applications Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts Leverage industry best practices to design, test, implement and support a solution Assure quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area Be flexible and thrive in an evolving environment Adapt to change quickly and adjust work accordingly in a positive manner Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with the bank’s Values, its Code of Conduct, and the Global Sales Principles, while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions, and conduct risk. 7+ years experience with Web and Cloud technologies (preferred Microsoft Azure At least 5 years of hands on experience with Development experience in needed language or technology Hands on experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large-scale projects from end-to-end Hands on experience in following the iterative and agile SDLC 1-2 years of prior experience in level 1 production support J2EE technologies - Java, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP, REST) Web application technologies - Restful APIs, Spring, Spring Boot, JSON Database experience - DB2, SQL Build management and code deployment experience - IBM Websphere, Azure CDP (Cloud Development Platform) Understand HTTPS, TLS/SSL and has experience on generate certificate Monitoring tools - Splunk Source code repository - Bitbucket, Git, SourceTree, Clearcase J2EE technologies - JSP, JSF, Servlets, EJB, , JNDI and JMS IDE tools - Eclipse, IntelliJ, IBM RAD, WebLogic Workbench, STS (SpringToolSuite), etc. Web application technologies - JavaScript, jQuery, CSS/CSS3, AJAX, AngularJS/Angular2+, React, NodeJS, HTML5 and bootstrap Database experience - Azure SQL, Redis Cache, MySQL Build management and code deployment experience - Azure CI/CD DevOps pipeline, BEA WebLogic, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Gradle Understand Keystore, Key Vault and others like Active Directory, Kerberos, MFA for user and application authentication. Logging and testing – Junit, Log4J, PowerMock, Jest, Protractor, Jasmine, Selenium Code quality / security vulnerability scanning tools - Fortify, Pentest, BlackDuck Other software development tools - Atlassian Confluence and JIRA Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Must be fluent in English, oral and written, with excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills to understand, document and share key system information with their colleagues, support groups, other technical staff, business partners and management. Takes accountability for results and exhibits a “can do attitude”. Self-starter with a desire to learn and contribute. Has an appetite to continuously evolve and improve, to tackle difficult problems and seek/give constant feedback. Embraces change and sees it as an essential driver to solve complex issues. Demonstrates flexibility and can move forward without having all the answers. Consistently seeks to understand, meet, and deliver on customers’ expectations. Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID551:
Azure Devops: 7 years (preferred) Microsoft Azure: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID552:
Work primarily with the development team on CampSite platform project priorities. Develop technical specifications based on functional requirements Implement mission critical end-user and customer interfaces in the CampSite system. Maintain and repair existing application flows and user experiences in the platform. Develop new components in the existing platform. Excellent communication skills (written and oral). Hands-on experience working on projects in a distributed environment. 1-2 years programming using PHP, MySQL (or similar DB platform), and Ubuntu Linux 18 (LAMP). Front-end skills: JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS. Experience working as an Agile Developer on Scrum teams using Agile methodologies. Familiarity with the Atlassian product line (i.e. Jira, Bitbucket, Sourcetree, etc.). Understanding of Agile Architecture principles and practices. Working experience with Bootstrap and responsive web development. Experience with REST APIs. 
ScrapedJobID553:
Innovate internal tax tools and technologies, client deliverables Support maintenance of tax toolbox, a SharePoint based resource hub for all internal tax tools and technologies Help prepare training material for Tax tools (YouTube style training videos, Training Guides etc.) Support technology related search Understand business logic, recognize client needs and possess very strong Excel skills to implement client needs based on best practice methodologies; Write high-quality, high-performance and maintainable code Prepare documentation related to implementation Write and execute unit tests for your code as a practice Amend VBA code for Excel Macros and Databases Troubleshoot errors, issues in existing code base Demonstrate strong knowledge and experience using macros and VBA Proven strong working understanding of relational databases such as SQL 1 year of VBA development experience Proven strong skills in Excel using advanced macros, pivot tables, v-lookups, creating forms, reports and user interfaces 1 year of experience with C#, .NET, and Windows programming Good understanding of Object Oriented Programming design and implementation Strong data and analytical skills in excel or other tool based Strong written and verbal communication skills Knowledge of or experience with tax compliance or tax preparation software would be an asset Hungry for experience, and eager to learn in a rapidly changing industry A curiosity that looks to redefine the norm and sees technology and innovation as a tool to open new doors and new opportunities Passionate and capable of delivering solutions with a high attention to detail An attitude of resourcefulness that inspires creativity 
ScrapedJobID554:
Design and implement code; build prototypes, draw diagrams, analyze existing code, consult peers, research external sources Plan, initiate, and conduct unit testing of applications, as well as facilitate system testing. Test code thoroughly prior to submitting builds to QA Develop, test, debug, and document web-based applications in accordance with system architecture requirements using Microsoft Visual Studio and TFS Participate in regularly scheduled status and Agile meetings with the project team to understand requirements, suggest product improvements, explain code design, provide estimates, describe work progress, and identify risks, advice on testing, and provide status Analyze, define, and implement interfaces and API’s between business applications to provide coordinated solutions Conduct design, code reviews, and support with automation University or college diploma in computer science or a related field Experience working with highly complex software in a team environment Experience in: .NET Technologies: ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API Scripting Languages: JavaScript Source Control: Git or TFVC Libraries: React, JQuery Database: MS SQL Server Experience building applications that support global clients in multilingual, multi-currency environments Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID555:
Work with talented team members on full line of products in the field of UTM Support upper management with high quality deliverables in a timely manner Take part in various software projects with focus on front end developments Help shape the design and development processes of next generation GUIs Software development in Unix/Linux, or mobile environment Experience with C/C++, script programming, such as JavaScript, Python, Perl Understanding of TCP/IP networking and various networking protocols Proven experience and strong knowledge of web application technologies such as CSS, HTML5, ES6, React, Angular Extensive knowledge of user interface design principles and best practices Solid understanding of relational & non-relational database management systems Experience or knowledge of SaaS, cloud computing infrastructure and implementation is a plus Experience with virtualization platforms, such as AWS, KVM, VMWare, is a plus Experience with mobile application development on Android / iOS is a plus Excellent problem solving and trouble shooting skills High motivation to succeed 
ScrapedJobID556:
https://www.fortinet.com/products/fortigate/fortios https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx56_G2RnjE Implement and maintain web-based user interfaces Collaborate with development, UX, and QA teams to create easy to use and responsive web applications Translate UI/UX proposals into real solutions Experience working with Javascript, HTML, and CSS. Experience with one or more Javascript frameworks/libraries. Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with Linux development environment Understanding of UX principles and how to apply them Understanding of networking and security concepts Experience with Typescript Experience with C++/C 
ScrapedJobID557:
Carry out impact studies and provide estimates; Document business intelligence and information management solutions; Support applications in production and provide support to your colleagues in the realization; Design and develop reports and dashboards for information / operational needs according to best practices; Perform and document the tests (unit / integrated) for the solutions in which you have participated; Carry out these activities while respecting and promoting the norms and standards in Business Intelligence established by the organization; Provide "coaching" to your team members and colleagues; Conduct multidisciplinary and multi-level stakeholder meetings and synthesize in non-technical language; Write documents and make presentations for an internal user community. Data modeling, data presentation, data visualization, definition of key performance indicators, ETL processing; 4+ years of experience developing applications using a set of Business Intelligence tools (Tableau / Qlik Sense / Qlik View / Power BI); Good knowledge of relational databases (Oracle or SQL server) and SQL language; High motivation, autonomy and effective team spirit; Strong communication skills; Experience in defining ETL and data pipelines; Experience working on Python scripts (preferred); Experience with Agile methodologies (preferred); Excellent English and French communication skills. Experience with ETL tools (Talend, SSIS, Informatica, etc.); Experience with Snowflake (SnowPro certification is a plus); Experience in Cloud environments (Azure, AWS, GCP); Experience with Alteryx; A stimulating environment where you will be able to surpass yourself and discover new horizons; A strong culture of innovation and entrepreneurship; Many occasions to celebrate your success : 5 @ 7, team activities, birthdays, breakfasts and other special events; Group insurance for you and your family members; RRSP and DPSP participation plan; Reimbursement of immigration fees; Reimbursement of transport costs; Reimbursement of telecommunication costs; Referral program; Flexible work from home policy; 4 weeks of paid vacation; Language courses (French & English); Access to continuing education (in-house, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.); Development plan for each employee and coaching. 
ScrapedJobID558:
Informer et divertir via les applications de Bell Fibe TV et les applications de TV5Unis; Alimenter la passion des fans de hockey via l’application du Canadien de Montréal; Repenser l’épicerie via les applications de Sobeys/IGA; Donner accès à un médecin 24/7 via l’application de télémédecine Olive; Planifier et simplifier des sorties en motoneige via l’application BRP GO! de BRP; Faciliter la recherche et la découverte de vins et spiritueux via l’application de la SAQ; Assurer un service d’information régionale via l’écosystème de journaux numériques de CN2i/Omerlo; Bâtir la pharmacie de demain via l’écosystème de Familiprix. Tu collabores à la conception et à la réalisation de produits numériques de calibre mondial (applications mobiles, applications Web et services Cloud Native); Tu participes aux cérémonies agiles et tu as ton mot à dire sur l’évolution des produits, peu importe ton rôle dans l’équipe; Tu enrichis l’équipe avec tes connaissances; Tu contribues à créer des expériences utilisateurs exceptionnelles. Tu es passionné.e et toujours orienté.e vers les résultats. Tu es capable d’évaluer et gérer les priorités et tu as une bonne capacité à analyser et comprendre les situations. Tu as une expérience de travail variée et tu es familier.ère avec les frameworks modernes Web ou mobiles. Tu as des connaissances Elixir, Kotlin, Swift, Ruby, TypeScript, Java, React ou GraphQL (ou pas, pourvu que tu veuilles apprendre!); Tu as la volonté de bâtir des produits et services de haute qualité; Tu es autonome et proactif.ve; Ton savoir-faire et ton savoir-être contribuent à rendre l’équipe meilleure; Tu as un minimum d’expérience en développement logiciel; Tu as une connaissance approfondie des concepts fondamentaux de design, de développement orienté objet (ou de développement fonctionnel!) et tu as un intérêt pour la programmation réactive. Inform and entertain via the Bell Fibe TV apps and the TV5Unis apps. Fuel the passion of hockey fans via the Montréal Canadiens app. Rethink grocery shopping via the Sobeys/IGA apps. Provide 24/7 access to a doctor via the Olive telemedicine app. Plan and simplify snowmobile outings via BRP’s BRP GO! app. Facilitate the search and discovery of wines and spirits via the SAQ app. Provide a regional news service via CN2i/Omerlo’s digital newspaper ecosystem. Build the pharmacy of tomorrow via the Familiprix ecosystem. Collaborate on the design and delivery of world-class digital products (mobile apps, web apps and cloud native services) Participate in agile ceremonies and contribute to product evolution, regardless of your role on the team. Make the team stronger through sharing your knowledge. Help create exceptional user experiences. You need to be comfortable in French since we have a predominantly French speaking work environment. You are passionate and always committed to results. You can assess and manage priorities. You demonstrate a good ability to analyze and understand situations. Your work experience is diverse and you are familiar with modern web or mobile frameworks. Knowledge of Elixir, Kotlin, Swift, Ruby, TypeScript, Java, React or GraphQL—and if not, being strongly motivated to learn them. A commitment to building high-quality products and services. Autonomy and proactivity. The expertise and people skills that help make the team better. A minimum of experience in software development. A deep understanding of fundamental design concepts, object-oriented development (or functional development!) and an interest in programmation réactive. 
ScrapedJobID559:
Work with team leads to create software solutions Participate in software development process from conception to deployment Participate in analysis, writing, building, and deployment of software Participate in automated testing and provide feedback to management during the development process Troubleshoot and triage post production issues found in code. Modify and test changes to previously developed programs Develop visually appealing solutions including architecture, designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code Develop functional databases, applications, and servers to support solutions on the back end Develop and design RESTful services and APIs Stay abreast of developments in web applications, 4GL BPME, rule engines and programming languages Stay current and provide insight on cutting edge software approaches, architectures, and vendors Assist in the writing of technical documentation Ensure that non-functional requirements such as security, performance, maintainability, scalability, usability, and reliability are being considered when developing solutions. Keep job knowledge up-to-date by studying new development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal and professional networks; participating in professional organizations. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID560:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Object-Oriented programming languages Java JavaScript Python React Native Ruby on Rails Git Go R Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Database software Servers Communication software Web service design Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID561:
Build. You will build the core AI capabilities and wrappers that deliver an innovative, scalable and reliable product solution that our team is proud to declare ownership of. You will also play a role in contributing to the architecture and framework of our solution. Learn. You will apply deep computer science concepts daily and will work closely with all of our teams to better understand and deliver our AI capabilities. Lead. You will be a role model both technically and behaviourally for your colleagues. You will be a peer to the engineering managers and work directly with the CTO. You have mastered enough technology to tackle problems and new tools in a way that inspires confidence in others. You will learn and teach in a way that garners support, respect, and trust. Grow. You want to grow your career by developing amazing software products. You might be approaching the next level or stage in your career, and as we continue to expand, we want to take you there. The ability. You have acquired the requisite skills (through education or otherwise) to build and deploy great software products and you can demonstrate hands-on experience shipping products that are used on a large scale. The experience. You bring a minimum of 7-10 years of experience developing product software using an object-oriented language, which is in production with tens to hundreds of thousands of users. You combine this experience with a strong willingness to dive in to figure out the right approaches quickly, whether they be based on science or technology. The expertise. You think at a systems level and are well-versed in service-oriented architecture, message bus, AWS, Docker, and containerization frameworks. Resourcefulness and curiosity. You have existing skills that you are very proud of and resourcefulness that leads you to build new skills that you will be proud of. The flexibility. You are quick to adapt when priorities shift and take feedback well. You are comfortable with ambiguity and are willing to figure things out when there’s no clear, defined path or process outlined. 
ScrapedJobID562:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NodeJS NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Employee stock purchase plan Profit sharing Work from home Monday to Friday Have you read the eligibility requirements for the role? Please confirm Yes or No Node.js: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 2 years (required) NextJS: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID563:
You will join a team of ambitious builders dedicated to building the interoperability between the different blockchain ecosystems. Improve existing features and build new features for a web-based application, building efficient components Architect reliable, performant, and scalable solutions whilst optimising user experience Collaborate with the users to identify usability issues to proactively come up with solutions and fix them React & Web3JS (or EthersJS) experience or projects Experience with Typescript and/or GraphQL The understanding of the architecture of smart contracts along with Web3 in general Strong mathematical understanding on an abstract level You have a strong sense of ownership, with the ability to lead and share knowledge to reach solutions as well as the keenness to learn You’re open to collaborating with internal and external stakeholders, flourishing in a distributed environment You enjoy being hands on, being a self starter that thrives well in ambiguity A problem solver at heart that can envision successful outcomes You have a creative flair, always seizing an opportunity to to do things differently Understand how to use blockchains / DeFi as a user Autonomous, distributed environment with the opportunity to work collaboratively in a diverse team across the world The scope to contribute to high impact work and really make a difference in a decentralized protocol Chance to really challenge yourself whilst learning heaps of stuff in the process Unlimited time off throughout the year to rest and recharge Competitive compensation with stock options, experiencing growth from the initial phase 
ScrapedJobID564:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS Git Spreadsheet MS Windows Linux Internet MS Office Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized Medical Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID565:
Own the product from a technical perspective making changes to stack, adding services, refactoring code, changing infrastructure, and adding or removing any tools as necessary Collaborate with Tax Specialists and Developers in drafting functional specifications Develop software with an emphasis on concretely enhancing user experience (reducing delivery times for engagements, reducing error rates, etc.) Architect, code and debug problematic code Improve cloud-based applications infrastructure and deployment pipelines Change database structure and write queries that optimize performance and/or resource usage when possible Work with containers and Kubernetes in development and production environments Take part of code reviews as both a reviewer and reviewee BS in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and professional work experience 3-5 years of demonstrated development experience building web applications Experience with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, requiring solid cross-browser ES6+ skills/TypeScript Experience with automated testing frameworks and pipelines Proficiency using any Reactive Front-End frameworks like AngularJS, React, Vue.JS, Svelte, etc. Experienced building scalable and maintainable REST APIs using Node.JS or other back-end frameworks Strong fundamental knowledge of relational databases (SQL in particular) and ability to write performant queries Ownership; we need you to help own codebase, infrastructure, and write performant and maintainable code that both you and your team can work with Experience using version control software (i.e. Git), and Waterfall and Agile development methodologies Practical Experience using mainstream cloud services AWS, MS Azure and GCP Fundamental knowledge of Linux system administration Hungry for experience, and eager to learn in a rapidly changing industry A curiosity that looks to redefine the norm and sees technology and innovation as a tool to open new doors and new opportunities Passionate and capable of delivering solutions with a high attention to detail Ability to communicate complex ideas to different audiences 
ScrapedJobID566:

ScrapedJobID567:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID568:
Support the maintenance of the current front-end and/or back-end codebase Write clean, functional, well-documented code with adherence to security, error handling, logging, and performance standards Test and fix bugs or other coding issues Add new features to the Efficiate app that deliver on provided business requirements Implement front-end and/or back-end code projects assigned by the supervisor Collaborate with cross-functional teams to solve development constraints and deployment issues Use Github as the primary tool for code management Knowledge and skills Knowledge of Github workflows and the ability to work within them daily Web fundamentals like HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and its preprocessors like SASS or LESS JavaScript frameworks like React.js or Vue.js API design and development and deploy CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality. RESTful Services Expertise with Python for data science pipelines Familiarity with Extract Transform and Load (ETL) tools and applications in PostgreSQL, and MongoDB Experience with platforms like Heroku and AWS Creativity - creative thinker who proposes innovative software approaches Project management - work on projects independently and use effective time management to get tasks done efficiently Problem-solving skills – an aptitude for solving practical problems and handling a variety of variables in situations where only limited standard rules exist Communication skills – strong oral and written communication skills for interfacing with fellow developers and senior management Flexible schedule Stock options 8 hour shift Describe a software development project that you are most proud of. What was your role and how did you approach the project? What tools and libraries did you use? Can you please include a link(s) to some of your software development project work (e.g. Github repo)? Software development: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID569:
Implement Drupal content types, views, and modules to build out complex sites Work with technical architects to implement and extend our frameworks, and create modules that can be reused across projects Support front-end developers on Drupal Theming and customizations Work with our hosted solutions team to support deployments Work with a wide range of web services to display static and dynamic content Build and document easy-to-use content author interfaces Collaborate with the rest of the development team to solve problems and make things better Find better ways to deliver projects all the time Work with content authors and clients to make their tasks easier so they can create better content A degree or diploma in computer science or a related field or comparable accreditation is an asset but not necessary 3+ years experience in web or application development, or a related field You have some experience with LAMP systems Experience working in PHP frameworks such as Symfony or Laravel Experience working with Drupal or another PHP based CMS You should have excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving capabilities You have some experience with LAMP systems You have some experience with Git or other version control systems Ability to work in multiple projects and manage multiple tasks with minimum or little supervision Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience communicating and working with clients one-on-one and in groups 
ScrapedJobID570:
Code and test components as per design specifications Write unit test for various components Collaborate with Development Team and other cross functional teams to solve product and customer issues Ability to work independently and in team environment Bachelors in Computer Science/Engineering or related area or 10+ years of programming experience Detail oriented with good analytical skills Strong knowledge of Object Oriented analysis, design and development methodologies In depth knowledge of standard Java development practices In depth knowledge of Web UI development practices in both JavaScript and TypeScript Strong experience with ReactJS Experience with Ant Design library would be a definite asset 5+ years of experience with databases (preferably with Firebird) Design and implementation experience in large/complex environments Must have excellent communication skills, be a fast leaner, be curious and passionate, and willing to be a big contributor Analysis & Problem : Analysis & Problem Attention to Detail: Checks own work for accuracy and completeness Control & Follow-Up : Control & Follow-Up Dependability : Dependability Initiative: Identifies immediate action needed Initiative & Flexibility : Initiative & Flexibility Innovation & Resourcefulness : Innovation & Resourcefulness Interpersonal : Interpersonal Judgment & Decision Making : Judgment & Decision Making Listens : Listens Oral Communication : Oral Communication Organization & Planning : Organization & Planning Quality : Quality Respect for Clients : At BroadView, you are either directly involved in the well-bring of our clients, or supporting someone who is. Respect for Co-workers : Each person can be a leader in implementing the "Golden Rule", treating others as they would want to be treated. Self Improvement : Self Improvement Team Relationships: Team Relationships Teamwork: Collaborates with others Technical Knowledge : Technical Knowledge Volume : Volume Work Ethic : Work Ethic Written Communication : Written Communication Application Development and Maintenance: Applies the competency in common situations that present limited difficulties, working with a moderate level of guidance. Application Support: Demonstrates introductory understanding, directing people to the appropriate source for further information. Creativity and Innovation: Acknowledges that new approaches can be used 
ScrapedJobID571:
Create frontend for scalable and reliable web applications with complex UI using Vue.js framework and TypeScript language Contribute actively in the analysis of product requirements, solution discussions and decisions on the implementation plan Design a robust, resilient and scalable api Design decoupled, testable and performant services Take ownership of the assigned features and tasks, demonstrating the ability to be autonomous and learn fast Write automated tests for product features (unit, integration, end-to-end) to improve overall product quality 3+ years of experience building scalable and reliable web applications with complex UIel 3+ years of experience building api with high availability Strong knowledge of frontend web technologies and JavaScript Strong knowledge of backend web technologies and PHP 3+ years of experience with JavaScript frameworks like Vue.js, Angular or React and experience with TypeScript or other strongly-typed languages 3+ years with PHP frameworks like Laravel or Symfony Skilled in HTML5, CSS3, Sass Possesses a deep understanding of the reactive programming concept Interpersonal skills as you will be facing client A mission aimed at helping scientist discover cutting-edge technologies Huge impact and learning potential as you will lead the vision for a product that manages the next generation of research Work at a human scale with a small team Flexible work schedule Competitive compensation Ability to work remotely Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday JavaScript: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID572:
Apply industry best practices and techniques to design, develop, test, deploy, support and maintain complex applications based on business requirements using approved technologies and coding standards. Build incredible user experiences based on user research and usability testing. Build and maintain top quality, accurate and innovative applications to address the needs of all users. Work closely with product management to understand their needs and translate them into usable online experiences. Ongoing maintenance, performance improvements and bug fixes to applications. Work both independently and collaboratively to develop final products. Manipulate databases to automate, update, modify and report on data and structure. Take visual mockups and verbal concepts through to final deployment of applications. Collaborate with designers and QA to finalize front end interfaces for testing, bug fixing and deployment. Provide Dev-Ops support Working knowledge of Machine Learning solutions Working knowledge of workflow solutions Working knowledge of Google Cloud Platform Provide Unit-testing and System Testing support Assist in project planning and architectural design reviews. Mentor other Developers on programming issues. Ensure consistency in processes and completion of deliverables. Exhibit leadership in cross-functional development practices and application ownership. 5 years hands-on Java development experience. Design - HTML/CSS, HTML5/CSS 3 Scripting - React, Javascript, Angular JS Excellent database and sql experience Coding - Python, PHP, JSP Experience when it comes to the implementation of web services / api frameworks Strong experience in delivering enterprise solutions with Angular/Spring framework using JDBC, Security and MVC. Extensive experience in developing and consuming REST webservices and working in a microservice environment. Expert-level knowledge of Git, SQL, database-stored procedures and isolation levels, JPA, REST and XML. Working knowledge of caching, service discovery and circuit-breaker patterns and concepts. 
ScrapedJobID573:
The teams are working on a large enterprise platform called Empath (agent servicing solution provider) to build scalable solution and work with the latest web and cloud technologies The Fraud teams are working on a large enterprise platform called Omnius (Fraud detection and remediation) to build scalable solutions using MicroFrontend architecture. Our Digital Servicing teams are busy creating the best digital experience for our Canadian customers. Teams Abacus and Voyager build and support customer-facing features on EASE (Capital One’s enterprise digital serving platform) for all of our Canadian customers. Create exciting new Web applications using Node.js, JavaScript, HTML and CSS Design, code, and manage automated test scripts, continuous builds, and deployment Create modern and responsive layouts from designs and messaging provided by the creative team Develop new features, enhance existing features, and implement bug fixes in existing code Self-document development processes, conduct peer reviews, and give actionable feedback Work within and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement and support technical solutions across different tools and technologies Supporting other engineers and stakeholders from inception to production Identify gaps and solve problems to completion 2+ years of experience in Application Development using JavaScript, HTML and CSS Bachelor’s degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Experience using Angular, Vue.js, React, Node Experience working in Agile or Test Driven Development environments Exposure to AWS Interest in learning new tools and technologies Portfolio on GitHub or other platform 
ScrapedJobID574:
Develop WordPress websites using the Divi builder Perform updates for websites using Divi, Elementor, WPBakery, and other builders. Also updates related to WooCommerce and possibly other plugins. Create well-made designs Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID575:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with an emphasis on front-end systems We emphasize user-centric features and long-term business goals through team involvement. You will be contributing to our product through Lean UX style product design You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring interest and growing experience with UX technology Your team delivers: Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Passion for Technology Proficiency with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) Proficiency with one or more modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Knowledgeable in working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Proficiency designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Nice to have - experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc.) Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Lots of team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Excellent healthcare benefits Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID576:
You will be creating new services and customer-facing applications using the latest technologies which will shape the future of banking for RBC Collaborate with other developers on the team to model and design new API interfaces. Develop and support highly scalable, high performance APIs within an Agile development team Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Automate processes within the development pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Design and develop code structures to promote reusability across many applications Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. Lead and mentor other developers to elevate the entire team’s skillset and mindset. Coach others on the team and practice peer-programming. Stay open-minded and look beyond your stack to solve complex problems You will actively seek out knowledge about new technologies and how they can be used to solve current and foreseeable challenges Excellent communication including the ability to distill technical details into human terms B.S. degree in Computer Science or related technical field and/ or equivalent practical experience. 5+ years of experience with Java 8+ and Spring Framework (Spring Boot) and/or nodeJS 3+ years of experience with JavaScript and Angular 2+ years of experience developing distributed cloud applications (Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Openshift, Docker) Hands on experience designing, developing, testing and troubleshooting RESTful API and interface specifications (Swagger, RAML, SOAP) Experience working with DevOps pipelines (Git, Maven, Jenkins), continuous integration/delivery, automated testing (unit, functional, performance) Experience working with security gateways and protocols (JWT, Oauth2.0, SSL Certificates) Experience working within professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source code management, build processes and testing Experience with code merging and branching methodologies using Git and code release process. Working knowledge of web-based application architectures and frameworks (including Angular or React) and the way it integrates with services. Leverage Open Source technology and contribute to open source where possible Experience supporting production-level software (Splunk, Dynatrace). Solid experience with abstraction and applying it to learning new languages Ability to simplify complex problems and communicate them in plain language Functional knowledge required for both French and English languages Object Oriented coding practices, including strong design patterns knowledge, refactoring, clean code. Experience working with Kafka, MySQL, Non-relational databases, Caching and Experience in BDD and TDD methodologies Working experience in one or more of:
algorithm design and optimization
large-scale systems
parallel or distributed systems algorithm design and optimization large-scale systems parallel or distributed systems RDBMS and/or modern scale-out repositories (MySQL, MongoDB, Redis) Experience building message driven architectures (Kafka) Micro-service design and implementation (load balancing, discovery, resiliency) As part of a full stack squad you will have the opportunity to cross train to be a strong full stack developer Ability to make a difference and lasting impact by working on a cutting-edge product Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Deliver applications and products which will be used by millions of Canadians Be a key enabler of RBC agile and technology transformation 
ScrapedJobID577:
2 ans d’expérience solide en développement logiciel De l'expérience en développement web (C#, ASP.NET Core) Une connaissance du développement Web front-end en utilisant JavaScript ainsi que les frameworks front-end modernes tels que Angular, React ou Vue.js La conception et le développement de solutions orientées objet n'ont plus de secret pour toi Connaissance et compréhension solides des systèmes de bases de données relationnelles et du langage SQL Un horaire flexible de 37,5h/semaine La possibilité de travailler dans le confort de ta maison, quand le projet le permet évidemment (en télétravail à 100% jusqu’à nouvel ordre, et en moyenne à 50% après la pandémie) Un régime de retraite et un programme d’assurances complet Des congés supplémentaires à Noël! Un stationnement gratuit Événements sociaux. Que dirais-tu de tir à l'arc, de lancer de la hache, ou de jeux vidéo en équipe en télétravail? Et bien plus! A solid 2 years of experience in software development To have enjoyed some experience in web development (C#, ASP.NET Core) To have a knowledge of front-end web development which include but aren’t limited to HTML5, CSS and JavaScript languages or JavaScript framework like Angular, React or Vue.JS Designing and Developing object-oriented solutions hold no secrets for you as you’ve been there and done that Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL language A flexible 37.5 hours/week schedule Ability to work in your comfy clothes from home, well, when the project allows for it of course (working 100% remotely until further notice, and an average of 50% after the pandemic) A comprehensive group insurance plan and retirement savings plan Extra days off at Christmas! Free parking Fun social events. Archery anyone? Or when working remotely, playing video games as a team? And much more! 
ScrapedJobID578:
Process and structure human resources activity data from a variety of sources. Design and develop effective business intelligence solutions consistent with the studio's needs: build dashboards, create query and data modelling tools, implement reporting systems, produce ad hoc reports, etc. Provide guidance to HR members on how to understand and use data while facilitating groupthink processes. Maintain a direct link with the HR community to be aware of issues, goals, and problems. Maintain business intelligence solutions + ensure data integrity and accuracy. Promote sharing of best practices with your team and ensure that business intelligence evolves. Experience in data engineering (or other relevant experience) A thorough understanding of Tableau and MicroStrategy Good knowledge of SQL programming language (Python is an asset) A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or other relevant training) Effective English and French communication skills: you can interact with people from other departments and adapt your message to technical and non-technical audiences alike Very thorough, detail-oriented, and accurate data processing: you care about the quality of data and show integrity and discretion managing confidential data Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID579:
Design, develop, test, deliver, maintain, and improve application as a member of a team Builds code to specifications and standards Update daily progress through the tracking tool (Jira) or Kanban board Participate in the weekly meetings to assist in refining the Product Backlog including providing initial estimates Apply disciplined coding practices to enable agility and delivery of high-quality code Be able to define and develop unit tests and unit test libraries to ensure code development is robust and production ready. Minimum 3+ years of experience developing, deploying, and managing applications on a multi-tier architecture with high-availability and/or replication environment Strong Experience in designing RESTful backend services and developing them using Dot Net Framework or Dot Net Core. Experience in .Net using C# and Entity Framework 6 (Code First workflow) Strong understanding of SQL, relational data modeling/schema design, and database management/optimization and performance tuning Hands on experience in working with Microsoft SQL Server/Azure technologies. Experience in designing, producing and consuming REST/JSON APIs Experience in reporting tools, such as Telerik Reporting, SSRS or Crystal Strong object oriented (OOPS) and software architecture fundamentals Demonstrated experience in developing Web applications, APIs and SaaS products Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Fluent in GIT source code control. Experience in Deploying application on Microsoft Azure Cloud Internally motivated, able to work proficiently both independently and in a team environment. Remain engaged, proactive, and positive in tough circumstances Experience with JavaScript, especially Angular Experience with GIS systems, ESRI ArcGIS RESTAPIs, and ArcGIS JavaScript SDKs Experience in PostgreSQL 8 hour shift Software development: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID580:
Experience working for one of the largest Canadian global technology companies Possibility of a student casual contract position after the completion of internship Possibility of a full-time position after the completion of degree Access to Celestica’s development programs and projects Celestica's Time Off to Volunteer program – two paid days off to volunteer per year Fun intern activities including celebration events and networking Internal recognition programs and rewards for stellar performance Opportunity: Job experience at a large Canadian-based global company Innovation: We look to our employees to implement new ideas and improve the way we do things Collaboration: Students work as part of global teams, enabled by collaborative technology Sustainability: We uphold strong ethics, reduce our impact on the environment and empower employees to give back to the community with two paid days off per year to volunteer Development opportunities: including soft skills courses, innovation projects and mentorship Networking: Strategically build your professional network to advance your career and deepen relationships across your peers and colleagues. Fun: Our interns have the opportunity to participate in fun activities including intern social events, Celestica’s charitable initiatives and our Spirit Week activities Good written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently as well as a team environment Data modeling knowledge (optional) Basic Oracle database knowledge (optional) Writing Oracle sql (optional) SAP BusinessObjects (optional) PowerBI (optional) SAP BW4Hana (optional) Involvement with design/development/support of new and existing applications/reporting in SAP BusinessObjects and SAP BW4HANA. Working closely with the team and internal customers for support and development of applications/reporting. Assist in the gathering of requirements - includes collecting and analyzing existing documentation, reviewing with Subject Matter Experts & writing specification documents. Perform routine management/reporting tasks as they relate to the portfolio of applications. Coaching and providing knowledge transfer to new interns. 
ScrapedJobID581:
Autonomy: There's no red tape on what technology frameworks you can use, or what language you should be coding in. We believe in using the best tool(s) for the job, and learning any new ones along the way. Scope: You won't be adding small features to a monolithic codebase; you will be building entire products from start to finish. Your team members will recognize you for the products you build and the impact these products have on their workflow. You will have the opportunity to identify the business needs for a particular product, work through the development life cycle, and interact with your customers directly. Interesting Problems: Much of what we do is in uncharted territories. As a result, we are often posed with interesting and challenging engineering problems, which will encourage you to prototype, iterate, and innovate. It's part of the company culture to encourage crazy ideas, and celebrate failures as learning opportunities. Many of the design problems you will encounter won't have answers on Google or Stack Overflow, they will encourage you to come up with unique approaches and strengthen your design thinking. Growth: Working at a start-up is a great way to supercharge your skillset, and accelerate your learning. You will be put in a fast-paced environment where you're always working at the bleeding edge of technology. Web Development: React.js, Flask Data Warehousing: Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL DevOps: Docker, Kubernetes, Azure, Terraform, Ansible Computer science or related background Previous experience in at least 1 software development role in industry Solid experience with JavaScript front-end frameworks (React.js is highly desirable) Proficiency in Python Experience with Python data analysis and visualization tools (Pandas, NumPy, Plotly) Experience with CI/CD tools (GitLab CI, GitHub CI, Jenkins, Circle CI, or similar) Become familiar with our vertically integrated technology stack and get a high-level understanding of the projects the team is working on and how they fit in with the company’s goals Start developing on your first project which will be a data visualization tool that will be used by researchers to explore our cycling database Have released the first version of the data visualization tool, and be collecting feedback to include in further revisions Begin working on a continuous integration pipeline to allow the software team to release new features faster and more frequently. Have released several additional revisions to the data visualization tool based on user feedback Built out a continuous integration pipeline that you and the rest of the software team will use for bug fixes and feature releases 
ScrapedJobID582:
5 or more years of professional experience as a PHP and Javascript developer with some experience in Laravel, multiple JS Frameworks & Libraries, HTML or CSS (LESS & SASS). Must have solid projects and/or experience to demonstrate and explain (with code samples & ability to explain and discuss in detail). Able to understand and work with complex code and solve complex problems in Javascript and Shopify Integrations. Able to trace through unclean code to debug and find solutions quickly. REQUIRED: demonstrable technical skills in working with:
PHP
Laravel
HTML, CSS
Javascript Complete understanding of how to use GIT Nice to have skills Experience with Magento Angular Other JS Frameworks or Libraries Have built an Augmented Reality Application 
ScrapedJobID583:
Hands-on research and development of the architecture and features for our data analytic, and consumer-facing web platforms, which serves major financial institutions worldwide. Work with management, business stakeholders, product owners, and technical staff to design and brainstorm solutions. Work on proof-of-concepts (POCs) and cutting-edge features that are continuously deployed into production Influence product decisions, features based on your real-world experience. Proactively analyze and bring ideas for continuous improvement of the platform. BS or MS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent comparable professional experience 3+ years of professional solution development and design experience Extensive experience C# – Python – Web API – SQL/NoSql Experience with front-end web development using NET, AngularJS, React, ExtJS, jQuery, CSS, etc. Demonstrated ability to drive tasks to completion and take ownership of projects Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment Strong written and verbal skills Experience in test-driven development and test coverage tooling Experience with Agile Frameworks (i.e., Scrum or Kanban) Experience with TDD, DDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment Experience with containerizing and orchestrating software like Docker and Kubernetes Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time The ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID584:
Write maintainable, clean, re-usable, and efficient code in compliance with department standards and templates Contribute and collaborate with technical design Participate in code reviews as both submitted and reviewer Work using an agile methodology, participating in common practices such as backlog grooming, sprint planning, story point estimating, etc. Learn and understand the technology stack being applied Learn and understand the business objectives motivating the design to provide recommendations Make recommendations to our processes, standards, and approach to continually improve our quality and efficiency Ensure clear communication of work status and concerns with co-workers and team leads to allow for assistance Supporting enhancements to production systems including resolving issues related to recent releases 2+ experience as a Software Developer Degree in Computer Science or Engineering at University or College level Extensive experience in software development with an Agile approach to project management Experience with modern JS frameworks like Angular, React and Responsive design Experience with Java programming language Experience utilizing ORMs working with PostgreSQL and SQL Server Experience with SQL and database design for applications Experience utilizing application frameworks working with Spring for Java Experience working in AWS cloud environment for hosting and designing applications using AWS services Experience working with CI/CD processes for deployment Experience working with microservice Design patterns Experience with performance tuning high transaction capacity applications Experience mapping business requirements for technical designs and implementation Strong documentation and presentation skills Eagerness to learn in an innovative and fast-moving environment The ability to engage and contribute towards building a positive client relationships, Ability to manage multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities. Have experience with Jira & Confluence Eye for UX design DevOps Experience Great people. We pride ourselves on hiring smart, kind, and supportive teammates Growth and development. Be the driver of your career development. We equip our team members with all the tools they need to succeed Flexibility. We offer flexible start and end times to accommodate our early risers and night owls and work-from-home arrangements Health and Wellness. We offer benefits from day 1, 2% RRSP Matching program, a $500 fitness reimbursement, and competitive PTO policy Monthly Socials. Even though we are currently working fully remotely, we have tons of team bonding opportunities through regular donut dates, social hours, trivia nights, and more fun events because our culture and values still remain at the core of everything we do! Big data and analytics Machine learning Cloud transformation Software and application development DevOps 
ScrapedJobID585:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Collaborate with other programmers to create the UI in our new quotation tool. Collaborate with team members to ensure UI depicts the required information from databases and tables. Respond to time sensitive requests while working in an agile environment. Take ownership of tasks to meet deadlines while working independently. Minimum 5 years of working experience in Angular/AngularJS UI Framework. Experience in JavaScript, HTML, CSS3 with AWS certification is a benefit. Must have excellent communication skills and able to function within a team in Agile work environment. Java script CSS3 UI Framework – AngularJS, Angular Unit Testing – Karma, Jasmine, Junit Build Tools – Gulp, Webpack Node/Node-JS Atlassian Bitbucket/Bamboo. Working knowledge of Docker containers. 
ScrapedJobID586:
Write maintainable, clean, re-usable, and efficient code in compliance with department standards and templates Contribute and collaborate with technical design Participate in code reviews as both submitted and reviewer Work using an agile methodology, participating in common practices such as backlog grooming, sprint planning, story point estimating, etc. Learn and understand the technology stack being applied Learn and understand the business objectives motivating the design to provide recommendations Make recommendations to our processes, standards, and approach to continually improve our quality and efficiency Ensure clear communication of work status and concerns with co-workers and team leads to allow for assistance Supporting enhancements to production systems including resolving issues related to recent releases 2+ experience as a Software Developer Degree in Computer Science or Engineering at University or College level Extensive experience in software development with an Agile approach to project management Experience with modern JS frameworks like Angular, React and Responsive design Experience with Java programming language Experience utilizing ORMs working with PostgreSQL and SQL Server Experience with SQL and database design for applications Experience utilizing application frameworks working with Spring for Java Experience working in AWS cloud environment for hosting and designing applications using AWS services Experience working with CI/CD processes for deployment Experience working with microservice Design patterns Experience with performance tuning high transaction capacity applications Experience mapping business requirements for technical designs and implementation Strong documentation and presentation skills Eagerness to learn in an innovative and fast-moving environment The ability to engage and contribute towards building a positive client relationships, Ability to manage multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities. Have experience with Jira & Confluence Eye for UX design DevOps Experience Great people. We pride ourselves on hiring smart, kind, and supportive teammates Growth and development. Be the driver of your career development. We equip our team members with all the tools they need to succeed Flexibility. We offer flexible start and end times to accommodate our early risers and night owls and work-from-home arrangements Health and Wellness. We offer benefits from day 1, 2% RRSP Matching program, a $500 fitness reimbursement, and competitive PTO policy Monthly Socials. Even though we are currently working fully remotely, we have tons of team bonding opportunities through regular donut dates, social hours, trivia nights, and more fun events because our culture and values still remain at the core of everything we do! Big data and analytics Machine learning Cloud transformation Software and application development DevOps 
ScrapedJobID587:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Collaborate with other programmers to create the UI in our new quotation tool. Collaborate with team members to ensure UI depicts the required information from databases and tables. Respond to time sensitive requests while working in an agile environment. Take ownership of tasks to meet deadlines while working independently. Minimum 5 years of working experience in Angular/AngularJS UI Framework. Experience in JavaScript, HTML, CSS3 with AWS certification is a benefit. Must have excellent communication skills and able to function within a team in Agile work environment. Java script CSS3 UI Framework – AngularJS, Angular Unit Testing – Karma, Jasmine, Junit Build Tools – Gulp, Webpack Node/Node-JS Atlassian Bitbucket/Bamboo. Working knowledge of Docker containers. 
ScrapedJobID588:
Develop an evolving web & mobile application, with a focus on high performance and high quality Provide support & mentoring to junior developers Participate in the front-end application architecture You’ll be responsible for using and enforcing front-end best practices Test to ensure scalability, performance, and efficiency Perform systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. 5 years of front-end development experience, ideally with Angular Experience with REST API’s Open-minded with a thirst for learning Knowledge or interest in Ionic would be considered a bonus Experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Sense of humour Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID589:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application front-ends using Vue.js and Ember.js Javascript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with web development languages, Git branching strategies, responsive design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID590:
10 years of development experience, with 5 in web UI development. Hands-on experience with javascript frameworks such as React, Bootstrap, Meteor etc. REST service development knowledge as an added advantage. Knowledge on AngularJS 2 would be an added advantage. Experience in native mobile development on IOS or Android is a plus. Ability to analyze and resolve technical issues and problems. Experience in the full development lifecycle. Good oral and written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID591:
Assist in the development of a document repository for the application delivery team Help to manage and implement exciting business initiatives, including collaboration between business and technology sectors Develop, improve, correct or integrate software components according to functional files Ensure unit testing and contribute to the functional testing of product components Participate in the implementation and possible corrections of software package integrations under the responsibility of the team (configuration, parameterization) Participate in the organic analysis of new applications and initiatives Collaborate with business sectors in a context of modernization, development and evolution of our systems You want to do back-end development: we've got it! You're more of an all-rounder: we've got a lot of choices on that side too! Current: Bachelor's degree (BAC) in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering Current: Interest in Project Management tools and methodologies is an asset, basic understanding of MS Office productivity tools, including Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint Be looking for an eligible internship that will be credited towards your training. WORK MODE: Flexible - AGILE/SCRUM approach in a LEAN context (continuous improvement) combined with more traditional methodologies – we’re in an exciting transformational stage! TRAINING: no worries, we take care of your integration in the team and your training (you can't know everything already!). CONDITIONS: Remote working while COVID is in play. 
ScrapedJobID592:
Value working collaboratively Iterate on a design, seeing the potential and where to focus next Evaluate solution alternatives, recognizing and understanding pros and cons Persevere when running into issues Want to share your learning and learn from others Want feedback and want to provide feedback Experience with web development, including Javascript, Jquery, and Ajax C# or other similar programming languages Unit testing SQL Software security fundamentals and common security vulnerabilities Understanding of source control software (e.g. GIT) Experience with Microsoft Development Stack Using HTML to develop webpages Experience processing XML and JSON Test-Driven Development Data Model first design approach Working knowledge of concurrency and multi-threaded applications Payment processing including Credit Card and Electronic Funds Transfers Experience building MVC Web Applications Experience designing and testing RESTful web services Experience integrating APIs Web design principles (e.g. accessibility, responsive design) Web design languages (CSS, SCSS) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID593:

ScrapedJobID594:
Following industry best practices Responsible for the creation and implementation of a wide variety of web-based products using PHP, HTML5, CSS3, React, JQuery, RestAPI, MSSQL and MySQL. Work with QA team to ensure project meets desired objectives Troubleshooting and testing sources to make sure they are vital and ensure that the content is displayed as intended Other duties as assigned Creative Team Dev Ops Team LP Team QA Team Fast paced environment with pressure Friendly environment whereby colleagues are helpful and collaborative Multiple priorities at any given time requiring a high-level of organization and time management Must have minimum of 5+ years of solid hands on Web Development experience in frontend, backend, website development, and portal development. Bachelor’s degree required in technical field or education + equivalent experience. Excellent coding ability of PHP, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, React, REST API and web-based services MySQL/MSSQL preferred Experience in Java Spring considered an asset Experience with AngularJS / Laravel / Bootstrap / CI / TDD considered an asset Exceptional interpersonal & communication skills Highly driven, independent, analytical, and problem solving leader Must be a team player with a focus on reliability and punctuality Thorough knowledge or experience in launching online games, mobile games or other game entertainment related industries Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have any experience in launching online games, mobile games or other game entertainment related products? Web Development: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID595:
Work on a team of 3-6 other developers Collaborate on architectural and design decisions Participate in backlog refinement to ensure we’re solving the right problems Provide and receive feedback on code Contribute to achieving team level objectives Follow best practices to write clean, maintainable, scalable, and testable software for a mission critical project Voice your opinions throughout sprints to help ensure we’re building a successful platform Help fix bugs and manage tech debt 3+ years experience in a related field Bachelor’s degree in software engineering or computer science, or the equivalent education and experience Proficiency in modern software language and willingness to quickly learn our technology stack Golang or Python experience Familiarity with Angular Experience or strong understanding with high scalability, data-intensive and/or distributed applications Familiarity with Google Cloud Platform Cloud-Native Computing using Google Cloud Platform
BigQuery, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Tasks, Cloud SQL, Cloud Spanner, Cloud Datastore, Stackdriver, the list goes on! We’ve also been invited to join the Early Access Program on quite a few GCP technologies. BigQuery, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Tasks, Cloud SQL, Cloud Spanner, Cloud Datastore, Stackdriver, the list goes on! We’ve also been invited to join the Early Access Program on quite a few GCP technologies. Golang, Typescript, Python, Javascript, HTML Angular Cadence Workflow Elasticsearch Kubernetes & Docker Microservice architecture GRPC 
ScrapedJobID596:
Manage the setup, back up and refresh of environments Manage security Developing reports and other customizations Troubleshooting during testing Perform data conversions Provide technical demonstrations to customers Onsite or remote technical training principally of a technical nature You will understand the industries BDO services and contribute to the group's advancement You will ensure work is complete, accurate and appropriately reviewed by maintaining the necessary technical knowledge and professional development You will recommend and implement quality or efficiency improvements to our engagements You will actively engage in communication with people leaders to ensure understanding of performance and development, while identifying and attracting top talent You will support our firm's revenue growth by referring clients to other services lines and new clients to BDO University degree or college diploma in information technology or business Experience with data conversion or integration an asset Experience with software development tools or languages an asset Possess or plan to obtain Microsoft certification(s) Proficient communication skills (oral and written) Experience with database systems such as SQL Server or SQL Express is preferred but not essential Knowledge of Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations or similar ERP software considered an asset We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID597:
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Work closely with system designers to develop architecture and create implementation plans Review, test and enhance existing features Performance tuning, testing, and documentation Handling inbound support and responding to bug reports 3 years of professional software development experience Comprehensive knowledge of frontend web development technologies, including JavaScript, CSS, HTML Experience developing web application backends using Flask, Django, Rails, Express, or an equivalent framework Experience with relational databases such as Postgres or MySQL Past experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Desired Experience Experience with Python. Experience deploying software on cloud platforms (e.g. GCP, AWS, Microsoft Azure) 8 hour shift Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID598:
Evolve within a devOps team Conduct design, development, code reviews and resolve production issues Strong empathy with customer situation Be responsible for features from development to production Participate at doing faster release Improve the product Documentation. Very good knowledge of Node.js development Good knowledge of unit test libraries (Mocha-Chai-Jest) Good knowledge of TypeScript Experience in ReactJs web development. Experience with non-relational databases (NoSQL) Good knowledge of UML diagrams Experience in agile development and Scrum/Kanban methodology Experience with micro-service architecture Experience with cloud based development/serverless Experience with Test-Driven-Development. Excellent communication and ownership skills Should be highly adaptive to ensure product and organizational agility. Team Player Curiosity Listening and empathy Autonomy Willingness to learn and work on new technologies. At least 7 years Bachelor or master degree in SW, IT or computer science Bilingual. A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation A 12-minute walk from Du College metro station. 
ScrapedJobID599:
Improve and maintain our internal developer and user facing tool sets and web applications Develop and improve network visualizations, management and configuration dashboards Develop new tools for database user administration and metrics visualization dashboards on engagement and mobile app usage Work with our UX team to draft new designs for our products Apply front-end productization features such as improved security, token handling, session management and other best practices as per OWASP v4.0 spec Experience with ReactJS preferred, but other front-end framework experience is also desirable (Angular, Vue, etc.) Expertise in CSS and modern layouts is key: CSS Grid, Flexbox, SASS/LESS Ability to write responsive layouts/break points and draft designs with our UX team Proficiency with command line tools Expertise with version control with GIT Ability to work cross functionally and own your projects, ticket your own milestones and releases Proficiency in writing and supporting your documentation for the tools you own Ability to ticket and manage your work using Jira Ability to write CSS animations Knowing your way around Docker and Docker Compose Familiarity with Accessibility Best Practices Knowing how to leverage CSS3 for advanced user interface interactions Experience with NodeJS and writing REST APIs Familiarity with OAuth and JSON Web Tokens Skill in developing and maintaining a front-end testing pipeline Experience with Puppeteer to automate UI testing 
ScrapedJobID600:
Remote IT support with our clients Coding in Dart every day (a language similar to C, C#, Swift, Java, Typescript, etc), as well as occasionally Javascript, PHP, HTML, and CSS Working with our team of designers and animators to produce stunning HD digital signage content in HTML Troubleshooting content display issues and making code updates. Adding to and augmenting security on all levels of our platform Database management, both NoSql and MySql Helping optimize backend and frontend systems to scale Creating a stunning and responsive web application Building and maintaining Flutter applications for mobile and web Working with (or building) a variety of third-party RESTful APIs Contributing to our code libraries and internal tools Server updates, enhancements, and maintenance Research, architecture, and planning Minimum 3 years related experience Bachelor's of Computer Science or equivalent experience Expertise in Object Oriented & Class Based Programming in Dart or a Dart-like language Strong understanding of HTML and CSS Ability to bring static designs to life with code Experience in web security and database management Monday to Friday Have you coded in Dart? How comfortable are you troubleshooting technical challenges over the phone? Yes 
ScrapedJobID601:
Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform using Xamarin. Mentor other iOS developers on the team. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Expertise developing large-scale mobile IOS applications, with technologies like SWIFT or Xamarin Solid understanding of relational database technology covering design, queries, transactions, stored procedures, triggers, constrains and optimization. Solid understanding of object-oriented programming concepts and design patterns Experience Three or more years of professional mobile IOS development experience Have a high standard in code quality and practices Have published one or more iOS apps in the app store Proven experience with Swift and Apple design patterns Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle Excellent communications skills Excellent organization skills to maintain quality and delivery timelines for multiple releases and features. Proven ability to deliver complete product features, from design to release Must have the flexibility to work varied hours as required. Bachelor’s Degree or College Diploma in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID602:
Be a part of a team of different types of developers; Tech lead role on the project; Technologies and development tools selection for the JS part of the project; JavaScript development on projects with thick front-end; MVVM frameworks implementation. Understanding of Internet and HTTP protocol principles; Strong knowledge of JavaScript, AJAX and at least of one library (JQuery, MooTools, Prototype); Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, LESS/SASS; Experience with XML formats, JSON / JSONP; Understanding of OOP, MVC principles; Experience with Bootstrap, Angular or with similar frameworks; Grunt, NPM; Knowledge of Git and SVN version control systems; Self-organized, team-working; English level: Intermediate or above. Challenging short- and long-term projects with the customers, vendors, and partners from EU and US; Local and distributed project teams management of 10+ professionals; A real possibility to gain knowledge and grow in project delivery management; Competitive compensation depending on skills and experience; Flexible working hours; Remote work opportunity (by approval); Social benefits (see details below). Office located in the city center; Modern ergonomic furniture; Yoga classes in the office; English classes onsite; Seasonal vaccination; 5 additional paid days a year in case of illness without a sick leave; Individual approach and personal development program; Reimbursement for professional literature; Compensation for sports; Compensation of external training and certification; Corporate events and trips; Tasty & Fruits Days - pleasant surprises from the Company. 
ScrapedJobID603:
Developing new user-facing features using React.js Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers Skills Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model* Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles* Familiarity with mobile platform platform* Experience with data structure* Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token* Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools* Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements* A knack for benchmarking and optimization* Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care developing: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID604:
Produce new features in the context of the decommissioning of a vendor tool. It's not just about writing code, but also making design/architecture decisions, testing, tracking quality metrics, and producing documentation. Demonstrate functionality to stakeholders and the product owner (Product Owner) to gain a strong understanding of the field and get feedback on the work provided Participate in "Scrum" related activities, such as daily stand-up meetings, backlog grooming, retrospective Sprint, and demos. Deliver solutions according to our standards and provide operational support if necessary. SQL - SQL Server – PL-SQL Java, REST API Angular Ability to work with complex information systems Written and oral autonomy in English Sense of organization, methodical, analytical Communication skills plus: Knowledge of the market finance universe (equity markets, interest rates, derivatives, etc.) Education and level of experience: University degree: Computer Science Plus: Experience in corporate and investment banking or finance an asset English: mandatory Plus: French Seniority Level Industry Information Technology and Services Employment Type Job Functions Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) Java: 3 years (required) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID605:
Conduct tasks related to feasibility studies, time and cost estimates, IT planning, risk technology, applications development, model development, and establish and implement new or revised applications systems and programs to meet specific business needs or user areas Monitor and control all phases of development process and analysis, design, construction, testing, and implementation as well as provide user and operational support on applications to business users Utilize in-depth specialty knowledge of applications development to analyze complex problems/issues, provide evaluation of business process, system process, and industry standards, and make evaluative judgement Consult with users/clients and other technology groups on issues, recommend advanced programming solutions, and install and assist customer exposure systems Ensure essential procedures are followed and help define operating standards and processes Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts Strong fundamentals in computer science and software construction Demonstrated experience on React and NodeJS Experience with web technologies (HTML, CSS, etc.) Familiarity with Linux is an asset Familiarity with KVM, AWS, React, and Python are assets Eager to learn and willing to take initiatives Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented environment Proven ability to work creatively in a problem-solving environment Excellent communication skills 
ScrapedJobID606:
Self motivated Team player Excellent knowledge of English written and spoken Crystal Report .Net and C# LINQ, Lambda XML, UML .Net MVC Entity framework WPF, WCF Targeted Clusters Bachelor of Computer Science Bachelor of Engineering Graduate Certificate & Diploma – Faculty of Engineering & Computer Science 
ScrapedJobID607:
Implementing new features in our brand new Flutter based mobile application Taking designs from concept to reality with great attention to the littlest of details Interfacing with SLAM’s API and adding to it or editing it where necessary (PHP/mySQL) Improving and maintaining CI/CD pipelines and tools to make app deployment fast and efficient Building real-time features Building creative interactive features using new technologies Monitoring crash reports, eliminating bugs, and keeping packages up to date Writing technical documentation Writing automated tests Working in a tight feedback loop with the customer success team and directly with customers to make sure we’re solving the right problems and innovating Exploring new technologies and frameworks to implement at SLAM Technologies to keep systems and engineering efforts up to date, safe, and quick to build on Running product and architecture experiments, assessing success with product analytics data Working with marketing and account management teams to understand customer needs Communicating regularly with technical and strategic partners on integration updates Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science or other science/engineering field Minimum of 2 years full-time software development work experience Proficient with mobile app development using Flutter & Dart Experience with a backend development framework (PHP/mySQL preferred) Experience writing clean and maintainable code Experience with Git and version control Excellent English verbal and written communication skills Can work in a fast-paced dynamic environment, often independently with tight deadlines Demonstrated experience in software development. Demonstrated experience developing SaaS software applications. Portfolio of personal projects Experience with PHP/mySQL Experience with native mobile app SDKs Previous experience leading development teams or working at small companies Communication, Team Player, Problem solving, Decision making, Critical thinking, Computer use, Continuous learning Superior written and verbal communication skills Self-starter who has a desire to learn, grow, and excel in their role Strong knowledge and experience of SaaS platforms Demonstrated experience in resolving complex technical issues Time management skills and an ability to prioritize workload Strong multi-tasking and organizational skills Work effectively together with other team members to create maximum synergy, coordination and cooperation Willing to work hard and having a good job tenure and job history. Lead by example Must be growth oriented and career minded. Have a friendly and helpful attitude Must be able to work independently and resourcefully to meet established goals. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID608:

ScrapedJobID609:
Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Advocate for improvements to the product quality, accessibility and performance Write thorough documentation Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers Help bring the system into company-wide adoption Work in a diverse and remote team where you will not only learn from others but also show a passion for sharing your knowledge 4+ years of experience working as a front-end developer Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Redux) Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript Experience working in remote and distributed teams Experience with accessibility tools Experience with cryptocurrencies React Redux NextJS Git and GitHub Figma 
ScrapedJobID610:
When you get in in the morning, you sync up to the latest code and data, and check your email. Then it's off to your morning scrum, where the team discusses issues that have arisen. You present avenues for AI improvement, and what you will be working on for the day – which is programming AI for non-playable characters' (NPCs) behaviours, navigation, decisional systems and traffic systems, for instance, and fixing AI-related bugs. In collaboration with designers, you ensure that the game's AI systems are coherent and maintain high standards of quality. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent training or relevant experience Excellent understanding of C++, including refactoring, optimization, debugging and testing Strong experience in profiling and low-level optimizations Significant knowledge and experience with existing and cutting-edge AI technologies (e.g. pathfinding, behavior trees, planning, character controllers) Experience from modern game development and a never-ending curiosity for the games industry and new technology That rare mix of attention to detail and flexibility in your work organization A proficiency to communicate with all disciplines and to support and elevate the team in terms of quality and vision of the game You are creative and thirsty for innovation A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package:
Disability Insurance
Dental Insurance
Extended medical insurance
(Optional) RRSP contribution
Relocation Assistance
Bonus (If Applicable) Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID611:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Computer Printer Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Own vehicle Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail MS Windows Internet Database software Programming software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID612:
Build on current architecture in a scalable way Develop new mobile-responsive features Review/improve current features and code Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Ensure integrity of data and improve security measures Write SOP's for future team members Support in recruitment of additional team members Eventually take on leadership role to manager the technology team as an extension of the CTO Knowledge of Objective-C, Android Java and Kotlin and Typescript (with React Native) along with other front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery). Knowledge of multiple back-end languages including (e.g. C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks, specifically Strapi Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Familiarity with gamification for both the website and app Desire to challenge the status-quo and develop new ideas or approaches that haven't been considered Keen to both learn and teach - leadership comes from all levels of the organization but we also always have blind spots we can improve on Willingness to try new approaches or accept ideas from other members on the team Self-Identify as a and experience leading projects/roadmap design Strong capacity for leadership and providing constructive feedback Ability to be both autonomous in your role and collaborative in the team when required Competitive salary Personal electric scooter for the duration of summer STM Metro Pass for Winter season Company laptop Coffee & snacks Monthly team activities and events Health & Dental Insurance 
ScrapedJobID613:
A die-hard data enthusiast who loves storytelling and has a clear passion for supporting the AI movement. Someone who lives and breathes data. Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID614:
Développer des interfaces graphiques Participer au choix des technologies utilisées Participer à la maintenance reliée aux interfaces graphiques S’assurer du respect des règles de codage Apporter des solutions d’affichage élégantes et performantes des données échangées avec les simulateurs OPAL-RT Participer à l’élaboration de la chaîne de développement dédiée aux interfaces graphiques Assurer une cohérence et une convergence entre les divers produits Travailler en collaboration avec les architectes systèmes et logiciel pour définir les API entre les interfaces graphiques et les systèmes de simulation Scolarité :Baccalauréat en Génie informatique ou logiciel Expérience :3 ans d’expérience en développement d’interface graphique Connaissances requises :TypeScript, React, REST API, HTML/CSS, Git Connaissance des outils/librairies suivants (Atouts) : js, Webpack, Golang, Simulink Connaissances linguistiques : Bonne maîtrise du français et de l’anglais Compétences recherchées : Faire preuve de leadership, d’autonomie et d’initiative ; posséder un bon sens de l’organisation Vous recherchez des défis stimulants qui vous pousseront à vous dépasser sans cesse. Vous rêvez d’une ambiance à la fois familiale, professionnelle, collaborative et conviviale. Vous avez besoin d’un horaire flexible et l’accès au télétravail afin de concilier votre vie privée à votre vie professionnelle. Vous souhaitez parfaire vos connaissances et votre savoir-faire en côtoyant des chercheurs, des innovateurs, des scientifiques qui ont tous un point en commun, la Passion. Vous avez fait le choix d’être un collaborateur important pour l’avancement technologie d’une multitude d’industries. Vous désirez être considéré pour vos idées, votre créativité et vos talents. Vous connaissez votre valeur et recherchez une rémunération globale concurrentielle. Vous ne voulez pas un simple emploi, vous voulez une carrière! Develop graphic interfaces Participate in the choice of technologies used Participate in the maintenance related to graphical interfaces Ensure compliance with coding rules Provide elegant and efficient display solutions for data exchanged with OPAL-RT simulators Participate in the elaboration of the development chain dedicated to the graphic interfaces Ensure consistency and convergence between the various products Work in collaboration with system and software architects to define the APIs between the graphical interfaces and the simulation systems Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer or Software Engineering Experience: 3 years experience in GUI development Required knowledge: TypeScript, React, REST API, HTML/CSS, Git Knowledge of the following tools/libraries (Assets): Node.js, Webpack, Golang, Simulink Language abilities: Good level in French and English Desired skills: Demonstrate leadership, autonomy and initiative; possess good organizational skills You are seeking stimulating challenges that will constantly push you to do your best You dream of a family environment that is also professional, cooperative and friendly. You need a flexible schedule and the ability to telecommute in order to balance work and home life. You want to continue to expand your knowledge and know-how by working side-by-side with researchers, innovators and scientists who share one thing; Passion. You have chosen to be an important contributor to the technological progress in a multitude of industries. You want to be recognized for your ideas, creativity and talent. You know your worth and seek a globally competitive salary. You don’t just want a job, you want a career! 
ScrapedJobID615:
English Fluent (Verbal and Written) Bachelor's Degree in related field At least 6 months experience in coding on at least one major software project in C or C++ At least 6 months experience in advanced data structures and algorithms At least 6 months experience in debugging and problem determination Some knowledge of low-level programming (e.g. assembly language) Master's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering At least 6 months experience in academic or professional work in compilers or compiler optimization At least 6 months experience in benchmarking or application performance analysis At least 6 months experience in multithreaded programming issues, parallelism, numerical computation, etc. At least 6 months experience in low-level programming (e.g. assembly language) and low-level debugging Working knowledge of Unix-like operating systems Basic knowledge in one or more computer architectures, and of hardware/software interactions 
ScrapedJobID616:
Improve and maintain our internal developer and user facing tool sets and web applications Develop and improve network visualizations, management and configuration dashboards Develop new tools for database user administration and metrics visualization dashboards on engagement and mobile app usage Work with our UX team to draft new designs for our products Apply front-end productization features such as improved security, token handling, session management and other best practices as per OWASP v4.0 spec Experience with ReactJS preferred, but other front-end framework experience is also desirable (Angular, Vue, etc.) Expertise in CSS and modern layouts is key: CSS Grid, Flexbox, SASS/LESS Ability to write responsive layouts/break points and draft designs with our UX team Proficiency with command line tools Expertise with version control with GIT Ability to work cross functionally and own your projects, ticket your own milestones and releases Proficiency in writing and supporting your documentation for the tools you own Ability to ticket and manage your work using Jira Ability to write CSS animations Knowing your way around Docker and Docker Compose Familiarity with Accessibility Best Practices Knowing how to leverage CSS3 for advanced user interface interactions Experience with NodeJS and writing REST APIs Familiarity with OAuth and JSON Web Tokens Skill in developing and maintaining a front-end testing pipeline Experience with Puppeteer to automate UI testing 
ScrapedJobID617:
Self motivated Team player Excellent knowledge of English written and spoken Crystal Report .Net and C# LINQ, Lambda XML, UML .Net MVC Entity framework WPF, WCF Targeted Clusters Bachelor of Computer Science Bachelor of Engineering Graduate Certificate & Diploma – Faculty of Engineering & Computer Science 
ScrapedJobID618:
Develop software solutions in an Agile environment by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; and following the software development lifecycle. Create, test and promote software coding. Solve problems arising from errors and issues related to software. Ensure feasible coding habits and clarity with code, for future use. Comprehend code and make it more efficient, as well as add to existing code without breaking functionality and logic. Learn information that may not be related solely to programming to improve comprehension. Communicate clearly using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques. Set up monitoring tools; check systems are healthy and running; look for defects to ensure data is valid Learn various software applications. Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues. Perform tasks precisely and according to standards and procedures, and without errors. Education in Computer Science or other education related to programming. Proven technical knowledge and practical experience in software development. Experience in the following software languages is preferred: Ruby, C#, HTML, Javascript, CSS, ASP.NET, and GIT. Ability to "think outside the box". Software Development Fundamentals and process. Software Design, documentation, testing. Keen attention to detail, accuracy and completeness. Ability to maintain a high level of productivity and self-direction. The desire to be part of a growing company with a huge focus on team collaboration. 
ScrapedJobID619:
Write quality, clean and maintainable Python code using programming best practices Build new features and fix bugs in Python and other programming languages like Java and C++ Write server-side Python code that powers the user interface Implement proof of concept, prototypes and production-grade software Trouble-shoot software issues and implement bug fixes Translate functional requirements into conceptual and detailed designs Provide estimates for development efforts Experience in writing client / server database applications using Object Oriented languages Hands-on experience with Python is an asset Demonstrated experience in applications development in UNIX environment UNIX networking experience with strong knowledge of NetBSD, PostgreSQL and Linux Application development experience in the financial industry, including: POS devices, debit/credit card terminals, and communication protocols Understanding of Extreme Programming practices and rules Strong database design skills and fluent in SQL statements Methodical, organized and able to multi-task B.S. in Computer Science / Co-op Software Engineering Stream / Mathematics Fast learner, self-starter, solution oriented and productive worker Ability to work independently, as a team player and in a fast paced environment 
ScrapedJobID620:
Working with a huge corpus of text data. Work closely with senior ML engineers on the team. Find, create, synthesize datasets for rapid prototyping. Stay updated with the latest and greatest in the field of NLP, more specifically, information retrieval, dialogue systems, multi-step reasoning and conversational-ai Foster a quantitative approach to problem solving. Lead by example. Be passionate about leveraging technology and making the law accessible for all Observe and overcome your own biases, and see what's possible. Help advance the state of the art in NLP, think beyond what exists today. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or a similar field heavy on math, experimentation and programming. Preferably, a Masters degree with a focus in Natural Language Processing. PhD candidates are also welcome to apply. Demonstrated experience in continuous self development in the field of NLP. Demonstrate self-learning by having completed relevant deep learning MOOCs, bootcamps, and capstone projects. Minimum of 2 years of industry experience in natural language processing. Experience with basic Python libraries such as Numpy, Pandas, NLTK, CoreNLP, spaCy, etc. Experience using at least one of the open source tools like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, etc. Experience with REST APIs (using and building) Legally authorized to work full-time (40 hours per week) in Canada. Effective Communication Skills An in-depth demo/presentation of your NLP research/projects Demonstrated advanced abilities in mathematics and/or linguistics Experience with Neural Networks, Information Retrieval, Question Answering, Multi-step Reasoning, Summarization Experience with ElasticSearch, FAISS, AWS SageMaker Competitive Stock Options Competitive Pay Unlimited vacation days 16" MacBook Pro dedicated for work Additional winter holidays (Dec 25 - Jan 1) Flexible work hours and location. We’re cool with remote work! In-person office workspace can be made available in Toronto (if required), in accordance with City of Toronto Public Health guidelines. 1 day, every alternate week, dedicated to projects you’d like to innovate on within the context of the work the company is doing Growing in to more senior roles, starting with hiring and training a co-op for your team and/or the project your team is leading No red tape, no unnecessary processes, accelerated learning and growth. Health benefits Work for a fast growing AI startup and make an impact. We are building something legit and impactful, not just another app. 
ScrapedJobID621:
Phenomenal Teammate. You work well with others and enjoy contributing to a fantastic team. Do others enjoy working with you? Ultra Reliable. Since we work in teams, we need team members who are engaged and seeking to contribute in a positive manner. Are you willing to show up on time and work hard? Responsible. You have the ability to work independently as needed. Can you be trusted to act without needing strict supervision? Self Starter. You are comfortable owning a task from start to finish and you take initiative to make continual process improvements. You observe strict deadlines and hold yourself accountable to your deliverables. Automate systems through design, analysis, programming, and building components to integrate with production machines Design, source, and implement new robotic systems (Internal and External) to improve operational efficiency Test programming and configurations of the new systems built You will assist the engineering team with setting up equipment for operational expansion and R&D purposes. You will be responsible for the Project Management and completion of paperwork including, projects, budget, status reports, timesheets, and required engineering documentation You will follow and complete equipment work instructions for various equipment while testing and ensuring a high quality of work for all documentation released Perform other duties as assigned. Technician diploma / Engineering degree (Mechatronics preferred) Basic skills with Solidworks assemblies and working with sheet metal Ability to wire, crimp, and solder prototype electronics in a safe and efficient manner Comfortable working with Excel, Solidworks, and learning new software Mechanical Aptitude and knowledge of manufacturing processes Able to work in a fast-paced environment with strict deadlines. Comfortable occasionally working in a temperature controlled environment. The warehouse is kept at between 0 to 10 degrees Celsius Familiarity with Automation controls like SCADA to do testing of mechanical systems Ability to push, pull, squat, bend, and reach above and below shoulders; repetitive use of hands An inclusive, fun workplace filled with fantastic colleagues. We’re a certified B-Corporation and our team is passionate about making a positive difference (and also about food!) The ability to work from home or from our HQ located in beautiful East Vancouver Competitive pay and bonuses, as well as the opportunity to participate in our Employee Stock Option Plan. $1000.00 budget allotted to professional development training Comprehensive health benefits (including medical, dental, vision and life-insurance) after 90 days of successful employment. Free food! A Fresh Prep meal plan for 2 meals per week and sample meals from our test kitchen at our HQ! 
ScrapedJobID622:
Lead the development of our external integrations with various platforms, namely: Shopify WooCommerce QuickBooks Xero etc. Maintain and expand these integrations, as well as existing integrations (CSV mapper built in Angular, Zapier, etc.) Integrate new features into these integrations, and contribute to the development of our Public API (i.e. new endpoints, security and performance enhancements, webhooks, GraphQL support, etc.) Angular React Node.js, TypeScript or JavaScript PHP Python HTTP REST API design, development and specifications (OAS 3) Webhooks Completed higher education in Computer Science or Software Engineering (B.Sc. or higher, or with significant work experience) At least some experience working in Agile/Scrum development teams Experience building and designing well-documented, highly functional, and versioned REST APIs Deep knowledge of best practices regarding performance and security in web development Experienced working with Git and using a flow such as Git Flow (with the master, release, develop and feature branches) Comfortable with peer code reviews (receiving and giving constructive criticism) Comfortable working in modern IDEs (of your choice, but we recommend JetBrain IDEs) Have strong writing and documentation skills Fluent in spoken and written English 
ScrapedJobID623:
Solid .NET C#, MS SQL, and WCF skills Strong knowledge of web services (SOAP and RESTful services) Excellent communication & interpersonal skills Silverlight HTML5, JQuery Git Integration w/ 3rd party systems Agile JIRA & Bamboo Experience building business systems Must be residing in Canada or have a valid Canadian citizenship to be considered A stable internet connection that can support seamless video and audio conferencing Availability during set hours to be determined by team lead Quiet office setting to conduct work or attend meetings Bachelors Degree in Computing Science, or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID624:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NodeJS NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Employee stock purchase plan Profit sharing Work from home Monday to Friday Have you read the eligibility requirements for the role? Please confirm Yes or No Node.js: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 2 years (required) NextJS: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID625:
Provide accurate physics-based simulation platforms of testing vehicles Implement new features and functions, perform hands-on testing and issue triage, support development of necessary tools and perform performance analysis as needed Ensure deliverables are complete as per milestones with excellence Identify and implement areas of efficiency of process and the product when scaling up Constantly striving for higher fidelity simulation models through data analysis and verification Bachelor Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science 8+ years of working experience with C++ Experience with modelling in a physics-based simulation environment, preferably automotive Experience working on large volumes of data in a real-time, or faster than real-time environment Skilled at automating manual tasks for an easy user experience Knowledge of containerization, virtual machines and integration to a CI/CD pipeline Experience of object-oriented programming and modern design patterns Knowledge of Python or other scripting languages Experience working with Scrum/Agile software development process and tools Familiar with High Performance Computers and/or GPU Programming an asset Able to work in a team as well as independently Must possess excellent communication skills 
ScrapedJobID626:
Implementing required API features: database design, API specification, and Laravel code (controllers, models, etc.) Benchmarking and stress testing prototypes for data-driven decision making Internal documentation Three (3) years of work experience in a development role or equivalent experience Solid understanding of building scalable, high performing systems and services Experience designing RESTful APIs or similar Experience with PHP’s Laravel/Lumen or similar frameworks Experience with Postgres (or equivalent SQL server), or Redis (or equivalent) Solid analytical and problem-solving mindset GitHub profile with sample projects you would like to showcase Masters or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent Engineering program Experience working in start-up environments Experience working with modern frameworks such as VueJS, NestJS, React Container tools experience with Docker or Kubernetes Proficiency in Linux and shell scripting (Bash 5.x) Exposure to PL/pgSQL Employee stock purchase plan Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID627:
5+ years of enterprise software application development experience building Qliksense and Qlikview Applications Deep experience designing dashboards in Qlikview and Qliksense Good knowledge of SQL – Oracle preferred. Experience of working with Oracle Databases. Experience in Qlikview to Qliksense Migration Knowledge of QV/QS server administration N-Printing Development Experience Knowledge of Control-M 
ScrapedJobID628:
Design, build, evolve, and maintain the foundational front-end of the Agility CMS platform design components used by the other members of your team, as well as by developers who use Agility to build integrations. Build the UI changes that will help increase the productivity of users and developers working with the platform. Build a great experience for people using Agility CMS Build UI components, libraries, and tools, that power the platform that impacts every Agility user, whether they’re an editor, developer, or partner Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, scalable, secure, and extensible Help drive sound technical decision making and lead technical conversations with other teams across Agility Cares deeply about consistency, usability, and speed Knows their way around the modern frontend ecosystem, and has worked on complex web applications with a global user base Can debug problems that span systems, and design solutions that span the whole stack Is energized by focusing on the needs of our users, both internal and external Holds themselves and others to a high bar when working with production systems Writes high quality code, and is willing to work outside frontend technologies Is adept at clear, concise, well-organized written communication about their work Has at least 3 years of experience as a software engineer 
ScrapedJobID629:
8 hour shift Golden gate: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID630:
Javascript, Java, Kotlin, Python Cloud : Azure, Docker Tools : Git / Jenkins / TeamCity, PowerBi, Orchestration and workflow applications. Self-directed and self-motivated, able to build and sustain long-term relationships with business and colleagues Strong at solving problems with a keen eye for details; a strong desire to learn and contribute solutions and ideas to the team Able to manage multiple tasks and use judgment to prioritize and escalate to achieve desired outcomes Confortable in verbal and written communications, able to adapt one’s communication to the audience 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID631:
Build and deliver memorable and functional web products for tbk and its clients. This might include a WordPress website for an international client; or a brand new mobile application for a scrappy start-up. Writing clean, and reusable PHP code within WordPress themes and plugins
Integrate systems via web services and APIs to support our clients’ marketing needs Writing effective tests to support unit testing goals set within the department Collaborate with designers and account managers to complete tasks related to our clients’ marketing needs Solve technical problems and present solutions to other developers, account managers, and designers Integrate digital work products into a standards-compliant WordPress theme, plugin, etc. as required. Adhere to WCAG 2.0 Guidelines when authoring and managing digital products. Implement enterprise-level, custom web-based software solutions for clients via modern web-based technologies and the delivery of best-in-class progressive web applications. Quality assurance testing of integrated artwork into WordPress themes, plugins, and other applications as required Provide mentorship to development team members in a way that supports their learning goals, improves them as professionals, and strengthens the quality of the solutions created. Provide guidance to creative and technical teams on best practices and technologies to leverage in order to effectively solve business problems. Solve technical problems and present solutions to other colleagues (company-wide, where applicable) Exceed targets set for the development of software modules. Provide project status updates to management and applicable accounts / project management team members. Identify project risks and provide solutions to mitigate or avoid such risks. Attend and contribute to daily Scrum Stand-ups; listen to and support your team in being great. Improve any and all areas of the development process within the development team. University degree or college diploma in engineering, programming, software development, software design or web design. Minimum 4 years professional experience designing and implementing websites in the PHP scripting language Minimum 2 years professional experience designing and implementing WordPress themes and plugins Minimum 1 year professional experience writing, analyzing and optimizing SQL queries, MySQL experience preferred Strong understanding of design patterns, general web functions and industry standards Prior experience within a quality assurance (QA) role or QA process within a project. Knowledge of Unit Testing, Continuous Integration and industry standards for coding styles is required. Deep functional knowledge or hands-on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc ..) is needed to be successful in this position Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications, and the protection of sensitive information. Prior experience with Git source control management process within an agile structure Working knowledge of PHP Frameworks and their Concepts: CodeIgniter, Symfony, Laravel, and others Working experience designing and implementing WordPress themes and plugins. Strong understanding of web design patterns and theories, general web functions and industry standards Prior experience within a Quality Assurance (QA) role or QA process within a project. Knowledge of Unit Testing, Continuous Integration and industry standards for coding styles. Professional communication skills—both written and verbal. 
ScrapedJobID632:
Monday to Friday Machine Learning: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID633:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) programming: 1 year (required) full stack development: 1 year (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID634:
Active participation in the full Software Development Lifecycle, from the conceptual stage to implementation including participation in sprint planning sessions, SCRUM stand-ups, design, code, review & retrospectives Participate in, and lead project and team meetings interacting and collaborating with team members and other departments as appropriate Create and maintain software documentation Working on all levels of code from database interaction and core business logic up through data delivery and web interface Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on user requirements Testing code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Working on bug fixes and improving web interface performance Continuously discovering, evaluating, and implementing new technologies and industry trends to enhance the web interface and maximize development efficiency A bachelor's or college degree in computer science or equivalent Ability to research, organize and present verbal and written ideas in a clear and concise manner Ability to manage a project, motivating a team, while executing tasks in a team-oriented, collaborative, high-pressure environment Problem diagnosis and solving skills Ability to learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques React AngularJS Android app development CSS responsive design programming User Interface design patterns HTML Jira, BitBucket, Git JAVA/Spring Node.JS/Express PostgreSQL Objective C for XCode with experience in magical records AWS Workforce management scheduling logic or event management software Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday What is your residency status (work permit, permanent resident or citizen)? Where are you located (city and country)? What is your salary expectation? How many years of experience to you have as a full stack developer? You will need to do a quick video introducing yourself and a code test to advance in the process. Will this be a problem? Would you be willing to relocate to Ottawa? DCS / DEC (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID635:
Create, modify and maintain Angular, JavaScript, HTML and CSS programs in an efficient way, according to the specifications or to users requests as well as to draw up the documentation and to carry out tests Control and apply the various programming languages used, to know and use the existing software code as well as to implement programs or to modify them by using the available tools See to the preparation of documents in relation to implementing programs and modules Prepare the documentation concerning the operation and to collaborate in implementing recommendations Assume the responsibility of UI design Work on new production projects and prepare the instructions intended for the operating service Carry out the statements of requirements as to the modifications of the ActiVia software Assume the responsibility for the tests Prepare architectural documentation for internal reference, the product’s limitations, and the technical reference manual Participate in production, support, and validation activities Other tasks as assigned by management. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent discipline Minimum 8 years or more of relevant experience required Experience in JavaScript, Angular, HTML Experience with Node.js Experience working with Docker Knowledge of various programming languages Good communication skills in English; proficiency in French is a strong asset. 
ScrapedJobID636:
Knowledge of best practices and writing Clean Code 3-5 years of working knowledge with modern frameworks and languages (REACT & NodeJS preferably) Comfortable in the command line (e.g. Linux, Windows, or Mac) Builds a prototype and is able to take it to production (kind of mindset) You can demonstrate experience from at least one large scale project Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Autodidact who rapidly picks up new concepts and technologies Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Knowledge of Cloud Foundry and k8s Knowledge of Concourse and CircleCI Knowledge of MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB Familiarity with AWS & Docker Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID637:
Involved in the development and coding of RPM’s R•SUITE software Work with technical architects and senior software developers to define and document solutions Effectively collaborate with business analysts, quality assurance analysts, and DBA's throughout software development life cycle (SDLC) Review, test and document software functionality Analyze, debug and resolve defects and/or production issues Meet deadlines and complete development solutions with quality Developers are expected to be team players: intra- and inter-department co-operation fosters morale and productivity Developers are expected to be proactive about the development of their business knowledge, including understanding fundamental concepts of RPM's systems like including, but not limited to, clients, plan accounts, investments, order entry, order fulfillment and settlement, and taxation. Developers are encouraged to develop these skills through training with other developers, both one on one and in group environments like ‘Lunch and Learns', as well as through courses like IFIC and the CSC. 1-2 years of software development experience (professional or internships) Post-Secondary Degree in Computer/Software engineering or a related discipline Technical Skills: Experience working with VB6, VBA, VB.net, or C# Experience with Object Oriented Programming Experience with UML Comprehensive knowledge and experience with database (SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedure) Experience with JAVA and installer packages is an asset Excellent written and verbal communication skills Interest and knowledge in developing financial applications Understanding of the Wealth Management industry, preferably in banking, mutual funds (record keeping or distribution) and/or securities would be an asset A proactive, “service-first” attitude combined with strong communication and presentation skills Ability to work independently on projects, with tight deadlines, under minimal supervision Competitive compensation including tuition reimbursement for skill development and continuous learning Comprehensive benefits including health & dental and matching group RRSP contributions Corporate employee discount program Employee Referral Bonus Program Central location located in the heart of the financial district, close to GO and TTC. Check out our commute score here! 
ScrapedJobID638:
Work with a team and organization that will challenge you to think differently about software-based problem solving and who will be open to your new ideas and approaches Create new features and maintain existing implementations based on business requirements and technical specifications Apply principles and methodologies of scrum agile development practices Work with product leadership and cross-functional teams to perform discovery and development efforts that directly influence product roadmap Document and test to ensure the quality of the completed work requirement Maintain regular communication with other team members and stakeholders to ensure the quality, timeliness, and reliability of product development efforts Offer product support on project and maintenance escalations University degree in Computer Science, Engineering Science or equivalent 3+ years of working as a software developer Experience with relational databases (MS SQL, Oracle) Demonstrable experience creating tabular models using one or more of Tabular Editor, Visual Studio or PowerBI desktop Experience with cloud development and SaaS platforms Effective verbal and written communication skills A keen interest in learning and keeping up with new technology Working knowledge of Azure Analysis Server Working knowledge of Azure Data Factory Working knowledge of Azure Databricks & Azure Synapse Working knowledge of Azure SQL Server setup and deployment Working knowledge of CI/CD pipelines Exposure to paginated reporting tools such as SSRS or Report Builder 
ScrapedJobID639:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID640:
Are a passionate, entrepreneurially-spirited technologist that owns delivery from concept through to completion. Are an advocate for engineering excellence Able to identify areas of improvement and client pain points, working with a client success team Have an insatiable commitment for continued learning and honing your craft Love working in a startup environment where it is likely that in a day you’ll go from product architecture discussions to bug fixes, QA, and testing. Are meticulous about the details and knows how to leverage data to make informed decisions Understand what technical debt is — you’re pragmatic and know when to make trade-offs between architectural purity and reality of a product startup Believe in mentorship and its ability to change lives and is comfortable being a player/coach, mentoring others on the team, over time Produce reliable and maintainable software to meet the application and infrastructure needs of the En Point Mentorship platform Wear many hats, including leading development operations and quality assurance processes, working with CEO and third party vendor Embody En Point values by being customer-focused and supporting clients as they form meaningful mentorship relationships Work closely with the CEO and Client Success Manager to fulfill client’s needs, responding to bugs and errors while taking care to prevent as many as possible. Develop code reviews, documentation, and standard processes for En Point Contribute to long-term product roadmap working with CEO and team Formal software development training (Bachelor’s degree or college diploma and/or a suitable amount of online accreditation courses and experience) 3-5 years of professional experience with one or more of the following: Drupal (Drupal 8 or 9), PHP, HTML, SASS/CSS, JS Can bring a deep understanding of software developments best practices to the work Understands the scope and relationships of small features and production stack for your area. Experience and/or exposure to automated testing and being able to create test plans, and review tools required for testing and to debug and diagnose issues in any environment. Experience with and/or knowledge of visual regression testing and other product analytics tools like Hotjar and/or Full Story Understands and knows how to responsive design principles Understanding of modern build practices, including performance optimizations, and security considerations Ability to write custom modules/plugins for project-specific functionality Experience with building cloud-based products and services Experience managing external relationships or vendors an asset Ability to theme and build front-end Knowledge of Accessibility best practices Familiarity with other CMSes such as WordPress an asset 
ScrapedJobID641:
Build on current architecture in a scalable way Develop new mobile-responsive features Review/improve current features and code Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Ensure integrity of data and improve security measures Write SOP's for future team members Support in recruitment of additional team members Eventually take on leadership role to manager the technology team as an extension of the CTO Knowledge of Objective-C, Android Java and Kotlin and Typescript (with React Native) along with other front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery). Knowledge of multiple back-end languages including (e.g. C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks, specifically Strapi Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Familiarity with gamification for both the website and app Desire to challenge the status-quo and develop new ideas or approaches that haven't been considered Keen to both learn and teach - leadership comes from all levels of the organization but we also always have blind spots we can improve on Willingness to try new approaches or accept ideas from other members on the team Self-Identify as a and experience leading projects/roadmap design Strong capacity for leadership and providing constructive feedback Ability to be both autonomous in your role and collaborative in the team when required Competitive salary Personal electric scooter for the duration of summer STM Metro Pass for Winter season Company laptop Coffee & snacks Monthly team activities and events Health & Dental Insurance 
ScrapedJobID642:
Develop PWA (Progressive Web App) using Service Workers Performance Tuning Discuss with customer business groups to understand functionality and come up with innovative ideas for web development for the best user experience Undertake project specific Proof of Concepts activities to validate technical feasibility with guidance from the Application Architect Discuss with offshore team on tasks to be done, and mentor junior members of the team. Performs design & code review s for team members. Train, conduct interviews and build new high-performance front-end teams Experience in development RWD and SPA with Angular. Demonstrates knowledge of Dependency Injection , Templates, Validations, Linting, Pipes, Directives, Model Typecasting, State management, Debugging and Testing Sound Know ledge in unit testing (automated) using Junit, Mockito, Selenium, Cucumber Experienced in TDD and CI/CD using robust automated build pipelines that automatically execute static code analyzers, design analyzers, unit tests, and integration tests. Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Concourse, Bamboo Invoke/ consume APIs/ RESTful Services/ OData API using NodeJS, Spring, Sprint Boot, Sprint Security, OAuth. Working know ledge of PWA, Gatsby, Riot, experience working with any CM S, JSON Web Token (JWT), familiarity with GIT. 
ScrapedJobID643:
111a Lakeshore Rd E, Mississauga, ON L5G 1E2, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions Design client-side and server-side architecture Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications Write effective APIs Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Create security and data protection settings Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design Write technical documentation Work with data scientists and analysts to improve software Degree in Computer Science, Statistics or relevant field Proven experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role Experience developing desktop and mobile applications Familiarity with common stacks Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (i.e., HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery) Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (i.e., C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g., Angular, React, Node.js) Familiarity with databases (i.e., MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Excellent communication and teamwork skills Great attention to detail Competitive Base Salary and Performance Incentives Retirement Provisions Comprehensive Extended Health Benefits Package Professional Development Opportunities Flexible Working Time 
ScrapedJobID644:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with an emphasis on front-end systems We emphasize user-centric features and long-term business goals through team involvement. You will be contributing to our product through Lean UX style product design You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring interest and growing experience with UX technology Your team delivers: Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Passion for Technology Proficiency with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) Proficiency with one or more modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Knowledgeable in working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Proficiency designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Nice to have - experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc.) Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Lots of team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Excellent healthcare benefits Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID645:
English Fluent (Verbal and Written) Bachelor's Degree in related field At least 6 months experience in coding on at least one major software project in C or C++ At least 6 months experience in advanced data structures and algorithms At least 6 months experience in debugging and problem determination Some knowledge of low-level programming (e.g. assembly language) Master's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering At least 6 months experience in academic or professional work in compilers or compiler optimization At least 6 months experience in benchmarking or application performance analysis At least 6 months experience in multithreaded programming issues, parallelism, numerical computation, etc. At least 6 months experience in low-level programming (e.g. assembly language) and low-level debugging Working knowledge of Unix-like operating systems Basic knowledge in one or more computer architectures, and of hardware/software interactions 
ScrapedJobID646:
Create responsive and custom WordPress websites using Elementor page builder as a foundation, and able to tailor the rest of the site to match mockups Upload festival program content to our website using WordPress platform Optimize SEO of WordPress websites Recommend and implement website performance improvements Development, debugging and maintenance of existing and new WordPress web projects Check website content for accuracy Proofread and edit the text before publishing Assist with delivery of event content and programming, archival coverage, and other event specific tasks during event days Strong HTML5, CSS3, PHP, MySQL, JQuery skills Experience with servers / hosting Ability to work very closely with designers and respect pixel perfect design Aesthetically inclined and an appreciation for good design Having hands-on experience creating wireframes by using Adobe XD is an asset Knowledgeable on current best practices and trends in user experience/user interfaces Strong time management ability to meet changing priorities while meeting strict deadlines Experience working in a highly collaborative environment Strong detail-oriented and organized Yes 
ScrapedJobID647:

ScrapedJobID648:
In collaboration with the product manager and other Dev team members, designing and developing new features, functionality for the RocketRez platform Working with customers or departments on technical issues including software system design and maintenance. Writing and developing software that is capable of cross-platform optimization for mobile phones, responsive to other applications, API capability. Modifying software to fix errors, improve its performance, or add new features. Developing software programming and documentation. Preparing reports on programming project specifications, activities, or status. Consulting with stakeholders on project status and proposals. Analyzing information to recommend and plan new systems or modifications of an existing system. Conferring with project managers to obtain information on limitations or capabilities. Additional responsibilities as needed or assigned Bachelor's degree in computer science or related degree. 2-4 years software development experience. Strong C# (ASP.NET MVC), SQL, and JavaScript. Knowledge of the software development life cycle, software engineering, and architecture. The desire and capability to work in a fast-paced environment. Ability to develop unit testing of code components or complete applications. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID649:

ScrapedJobID650:
Gather business requirements from lab team, scope work needed to complete, estimate timelines, and architect solutions Utilize standard and emerging technologies to design and build solutions to execute features in the product roadmap as well as smaller amendments to existing products. Constantly seek to optimize live applications to continuously improve speed and scalability Architect, design, config and develop visually appealing AEM templates, components, permissions, and policies to deliver high quality front-end architecture (web & mobile) Development building enterprise applications using AEM this will include developing templates, data, and component Develops and configures integrations in addition to conducting unit testing and technical fixes during subsequent testing etc. Develops and deploys proof of concepts, prototypes and sanity tests leveraging agile methodologies and tools Develops and maintains code and configuration repositories to ensure code is centrally monitored/managed Evaluates and determine optimal toolsets to support all activities of this role including automating the CICD pipeline Support the change and release management process (ITIL) including defining release strategy & associated task planning for change projects, service readiness & acceptance and service transition Provides tier three (3) application support, including on call support as required to ensure that issues are resolved in a timely manner Identifies potential solution risks/issues and escalates/communicates to relevant key stakeholders (business/technology/vendors) to ensure a mitigation strategy is developed Prepares documentation and other relevant information to transition to the operate team for business as usual Conducts changes required to existing systems (e.g., upgrade/new releases, optimization) Experience with AEM building blocks including templates, components, dialogs, widgets, and bundles AEM 6.5 sites configuration and set-up Manage CMS platform issues with support teams and stakeholders Provide advanced-level development and documentation skills Ensure user experience and feasibility determine design choices Run extensive QA to ensure consistency across devices and browsers Develop and maintain APIs and all supporting code and design and build micro-services Build reusable code and libraries for future use Work collaboratively within an Agile environment Works in close partnership with the lab team and product owners to gather and understand business requirements. Interacts with Technology and Operations partners to share and align on standards, best practices and emerging trends on Dev/Ops and Agile methodology. Works with 3rd party or contracted resources or external technology vendors to collaborate and jointly develop solutions. Part of a Bigger Picture: socially responsible company that gives back all its profits to the province and people of Ontario Flexible Work Environment: family friendly work practices to help you balance both work and life You Matter: we are wellness focused with various resources, to support your physical and mental wellbeing Freedom to Innovate: supports new and better ways to be successful Be your Authentic Self: environment that values diversity as a source of strength Learning Galore: 24-7 access to robust online learning programs Public Service Pension Plan: participate in a major defined benefit pension plan sponsored by the Government of Ontario 
ScrapedJobID651:
Expand the functionality of the existing system in accordance with the Company corporate standards and technical requirements. Write well-designed, testable and efficient code using software development best practices. Ensure compliance of all security measures in the application development processes are applied. Integrate and migrate data from various back-end services and data bases. Provide application support in resolving and troubleshooting technical issues. Other duties as assigned. Degree, diploma or certificate in graphic design, web development or computer science. Bachelor's degree is preferred. A minimum of three years’ experience in web design and development, supported by a portfolio of past work. An equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered. 1-2+ years of experience and a strong understanding of PHP, Javascript, JSON, JQuery, HTML5, Bootstrap and CSS3. 1-2+ years experience with relational databases such as MySQL 1-2+ years experience with Linux servers. Moodle and/or general LMS experience an asset. Solid base understanding of web applications including security, session management and best development practices; A high degree of proficiency in programming skills with in-depth knowledge of modern scripting and programming languages; Understanding of API, standards and frameworks including RESTful web services; Experience with API's and Moodle A working knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Good organizational skills and the ability to multitask while working within the constraints of multiple deadlines; Proven project management skills with a demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects in parallel; Must work well independently with minimal supervision and within a team in a fast paced rapidly changing environment; must be deadline driven and goal-oriented; Willingness to learn new software languages, databases and software tools Ability to work under pressure and maintain a calm focus during hectic periods; Ability to manage external vendors and services as required; A positive attitude and customer focused approach; Ability to act with tact, good judgment, and discretion Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Vancouver, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) What are your salary expectations? Front-end: 2 years (required) PHP: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID652:
Working deeper with the JavaScript and Rails ecosystems Working with modern browser technologies and paradigms Building performant, secure and accessible web applications Building innovative products and features integrated with existing systems Maintaining large and continuously evolving web apps Translating complex business requirements into maintainable code A minimum of 5 years of experience building single-page applications in React (Typescript a plus) with a GraphQL or RESTful APIs Solid experience building, testing and maintaining client-facing products Experience working in a team environment Ability to participate in the design, implementation, and testing of the web application Participate in code reviews and spread your knowledge to the team Capacity to accept constructive code review and challenge your beliefs when presented with relevant evidence Outstanding problem-solving skills and can-do attitude Capacity and willingness to work in an agile multi-team environment Excellent communication skills and fluent in English and French is a nice to have Interest in mentoring, guiding and teaching junior developers; previous experience as a lead with direct reports, an asset 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual company get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software developers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID653:
Azure Devops: 7 years (preferred) Microsoft Azure: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID654:
Lead development of the HelpWear Android App Direct involvement in the software development for the HeartWatch system Developing new features that meet clinical and market requirements Code review and repository management Working together with UX designers in building out usable and accessible UI Working closely on our bluetooth device integration with the app Finding innovative methods to improve the overall usability of HelpWear’s system General understanding of software development processes as well as tools to power day to day operations to ship the application 2 Years in Android Development 1+ Years in Computer/Software Engineering or Software Developer experience Previous experience working with embedded systems/devices via bluetooth Worked with Bluetooth device integration with android Company events Discounted or free food Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Please provide a link to a portfolio of previous work you've completed. This can be over GitHub, other version control software, or any other webpage. Please write "I confirm" below to confirm that you have read and answered both of the previous questions. Note that failing to answer any of these questions may result in the rejection of your application. Android development: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID655:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application using Java and React, Vue.js and Ember.js JavaScript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop Single Page Applications (SPA) such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, financial planning tools. Assist with BAU requests like daily content change, front-end web template designs etc. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration- Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with Client's standards, best practices, web accessibility frameworks, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status document to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met Java JavaScript JHTML5 CSS/CSS3 JXML JSON, and other third-party API tools. Experience and expertise with Vue.js, Ember.js, Angular, React, or a comparable JavaScript framework. 
ScrapedJobID656:
Develop new and maintain existing Python modules Participate in planning and directly influence our SRE Architecture Be a part of a global DevOps team involved in all areas of infrastructure Consult engineering departments on Python and CM related topics Develop Ansible modules and Terraform providers for our provisioning systems System level thinker Programmer for life Infrastructure oriented Sharp technologist 2-3 years programming Python 1 year of using Configuration Management systems (Salt, Ansible) SQL Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite etc.) IT experience – advantage Django programming experience - advantage AWS Cloud Jenkins (Groovy) Regex, JSON and text operations in Python Attention to the core Solution oriented Self-starter Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby $1,900 as congratulations if you have a baby whilst you work for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events free snacks and catered lunch in-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career 
ScrapedJobID657:
Implement Drupal content types, views, and modules to build out complex sites Work with technical architects to implement and extend our frameworks, and create modules that can be reused across projects Support front-end developers on Drupal Theming and customizations Work with our hosted solutions team to support deployments Work with a wide range of web services to display static and dynamic content Build and document easy-to-use content author interfaces Collaborate with the rest of the development team to solve problems and make things better Find better ways to deliver projects all the time Work with content authors and clients to make their tasks easier so they can create better content A degree or diploma in computer science or a related field or comparable accreditation is an asset but not necessary 3+ years experience in web or application development, or a related field You have some experience with LAMP systems Experience working in PHP frameworks such as Symfony or Laravel Experience working with Drupal or another PHP based CMS You should have excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving capabilities You have some experience with LAMP systems You have some experience with Git or other version control systems Ability to work in multiple projects and manage multiple tasks with minimum or little supervision Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience communicating and working with clients one-on-one and in groups 
ScrapedJobID658:
Intermediate knowledge and 2+ years experience building Magento websites Advanced PHP and MySQL knowledge Knowledge of MVC frameworks (such as Zend, Laraval, Symfony etc.) Experience mapping out large-scale web projects Experience building websites from HTML and CSS documents Experience coding semantically, and optimizing code for speed, SEO, and performance Experience launching websites on cPanel server environments Experience working with versioning software (such as SVN or Git) Always looking out for best practices and new technology Ractive.js and AngularJS experience Experience in UI/UX design 
ScrapedJobID659:
Android development: 5 years (preferred) Java, Kotlin development: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID660:
5 + years developing C# Created scripts using Powershell Worked with migrations Experience working in an o365 infrastructure Helped to strategize, develop and troubleshoot migration issues and used best practice Design developed applications and tools to support an o365 infrastructure migration .NET/ C# Development Automate using Powershell Create a solid infrastructure that can be used for future migrations Utilize APIs (Graph API, REST, SDK, OLAP) and develop calls to integrate o365 applications Advanced SQL programming skills Knowledge Unified Communications exp (Teams, Zoom) Office 365 migration tools (Sharegate/Quest/mover.io/etc). Understanding of eComms, Information barriers, Data classifications, Data leakage protection etc. 
ScrapedJobID661:
Royal Canadian Mint is hiring a permanent and term (18 months) Website Developer who can thrive in a dynamic and inclusive environment. Reporting to the Manager, eCommerce, the Website Developer is responsible for working on the Mint’s English and French national digital properties bringing customized, inspiring content to our customers, designing innovative technical solutions, driving engagement, and designing customized digital experiences to reach the right customer with the right product at the right time.


Key Responsibilities

Work cross functionally with marketing, product, and sales teams to create innovative and brand enhancing web assets and email communication for monthly product launches
Develop digital assets, including website pages, banners, social ads and post as well as email content for National Marketing Campaigns
Design merchandizing emails with dynamic content for targeted audiences
Create high-quality designs and layouts that drive customer engagement and conversion
Collaborate with other team members to ensure a consistent creative direction for each project


Technical Skills and Abilities:

Software: Adobe Creative Cloud, Android Studio, Xcode
Programming: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, MJML, Kotlin, Swift
Digital Experience platform: Optimizley, Sitecore, Magento, Wordpress or equivalent
Email: Acoustic (formerly Silverpop), Delivera, Mailchimp, or equivalent
Proven understanding of front-end technologies, including to HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery or equivalent
Knowledge of the WCAG standards on accessibility to ensure technical compliance


Education and Experience:
University degree or diploma specializing in multimedia production, graphic design, UX or related field of study
Minimum 3 years of experience working in a web-based environment, digital experience platform and email marketing platform preferably in eCommerce
Experience developing UX/UI design to optimize customer experience and customer journey
Experience with digital marketing, email marketing, SEO/SEM, automation, web analytics, segmentation, personalization and targeting technologies
Experience working in an Agile environment
Expertise in the methods and techniques for conducting quality assurance


We are looking for a candidate who can be an inspiring team player with a positive attitude and willingness to learn. You can comfortably manage several projects with different priorities within a deadline-driven environment without compromising quality. Working in collaborative agile team environment, you will bring creative ideas and solutions. Organization, time management and the ability to take initiative are critical skills required.

The health and safety of our employees is a top priority. The Mint has developed significant and rigorous safety protocols to address the COVID-19 pandemic.

At the Mint you will collaborate with a diverse group of people and be a part of an iconic Canadian organization. We pay competitive salary and offer a range of benefits that support employees and their families. The Mint supports its employees by focusing on their growth and development. Candidates are required to complete a background check, facilitated by the Mint, prior to starting.

The Mint is committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We value diversity and aim to provide an inclusive, barrier-free recruitment, selection and onboarding process to ensure that each candidate is treated respectfully. You are welcome to self identify with one of the four employment equity groups (women, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities) in your application.

If you need accommodation at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know; we are committed to being an inclusive employer.

Ready to mint your career? Please forward your resume to careers@mint.ca by December 14, 2021. We thank all candidates who apply, however, only those selected for further consideration will be contacted.

We look forward to receiving your application.
Back to Listing Work cross functionally with marketing, product, and sales teams to create innovative and brand enhancing web assets and email communication for monthly product launches Develop digital assets, including website pages, banners, social ads and post as well as email content for National Marketing Campaigns Design merchandizing emails with dynamic content for targeted audiences Create high-quality designs and layouts that drive customer engagement and conversion Collaborate with other team members to ensure a consistent creative direction for each project Software: Adobe Creative Cloud, Android Studio, Xcode Programming: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, MJML, Kotlin, Swift Digital Experience platform: Optimizley, Sitecore, Magento, Wordpress or equivalent Email: Acoustic (formerly Silverpop), Delivera, Mailchimp, or equivalent Proven understanding of front-end technologies, including to HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery or equivalent Knowledge of the WCAG standards on accessibility to ensure technical compliance University degree or diploma specializing in multimedia production, graphic design, UX or related field of study Minimum 3 years of experience working in a web-based environment, digital experience platform and email marketing platform preferably in eCommerce Experience developing UX/UI design to optimize customer experience and customer journey Experience with digital marketing, email marketing, SEO/SEM, automation, web analytics, segmentation, personalization and targeting technologies Experience working in an Agile environment Expertise in the methods and techniques for conducting quality assurance 
ScrapedJobID662:
Consistently create well-designed, tested code using best practices for website development, including mobile and responsive site design, as well as cross-browser compatibility Create websites and user interfaces, using standard HTML/CSS practices, while incorporating data from back-end databases and services Create and maintain workflows with teams to provide visibility and to ensure workload balance for consistent visual designs Maintain updated knowledge of new and emerging industry trends and technology Meet regularly with business stakeholders and management to understand and refine business and functional requirements, and determine project scopes and specifications Develop and maintain strategic operational systems, tools, processes and documentation, including participation in tactical and strategic development projects Ensure software stability via regression, support quality assurance, and perform unit and user-acceptance testing or test automation to identify bugs and ensure production operations run successfully Work quickly and carefully to complete small edits requested by customers, develop plans for completing larger projects, collaborate with colleagues, and suggest new solutions to improve existing web properties Perform UI designs and coding, creating reusable objects and templates, wireframes for web pages and email templates; manage maintenance, updates, expansions and scaling of each design Commit code to repository early and often, following GIT branching best practices Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or related field Minimum 4 years’ experience in planning and developing websites in an Agile environment using a Scrum framework or similar across multiple products and organizations Working knowledge of web applications, programming languages, and web services, such as CSS, CSS3, cross-browser compatibility, HTML, HTML5, JavaScript, Vue, React, Node, JQuery Experience creating and consuming restful and SOAP-based API’s Strong experience and expertise in Software Design (MVC, MVP or Viper) and experience with writing automated UI and unit tests (BDD) Proficiency with content management systems, including WordPress or HubSpot Proficiency in tagging and events tracking using Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager Dedication to innovative, sophisticated designs and collaborative problem solving Outstanding organizational and multi-tasking capabilities Excellent communication and collaboration skills Experience managing Linux-based web server Experience with eCommerce, including Shopify Proven success in a project coordination role Experience with HubSpot CMS and Marketing tools Agency experience and/or experience working in SaaS application organizations 
ScrapedJobID663:
Azure Devops: 7 years (preferred) Microsoft Azure: 5 years (preferred) Docker: 4 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID664:
Yes Casual dress Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Shopify Development: 5 years (required) Ruby On Rails: 5 years (required) Liquid/PHP: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID665:
Minimum 3 years experience in C # programming: WebForms, MVC, API Proficiency in .NET Framework, .NET Core: 2.0 - 4.6 Proficiency in SQL Server: 2010 - 2014 Master of Visual Studio: 2010 - 2017 Knowledge of XML, XSLT, JSON Versatility and ability to learn and adapt Autonomy and good management of priorities Strong ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Good teamwork skills. 
ScrapedJobID666:
Design and develop responsive, high performance, reliable React-based web applications targeting both mobile devices and desktop clients. Participate in how our enterprise grade SaaS solutions are built, deployed, and operated in a true Agile setting supported by senior developers, testers, and product managers Create wireframes, storyboards, sitemaps prototype and screen flows Deliver high fidelity UI assets which can be easily translated to UI components Optimize existing user interface designs based on market trends Understand business goals and objectives Prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that users love Conduct an ongoing user research Contribute to the design and improvement of web features and projects Minimum 2 years of experience in design/development of web applications. Good knowledge in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and React. Experience with version control tools, preferably git. Good understanding of WebSockets and HTTPS protocol Deep knowledge of the Adobe Suite and Figma Ability to quickly learn new technologies and tools Fluent in spoken and written English Experience with end-to-end release and deployment of web applications. Eager; curious and passionate to learn about technology and processes. Collaborative; values team success more than individual accomplishments. Passion for knowledge; a desire to learn and share knowledge. Problem-solver; always ready to dive in and tackle problems head on. Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and API Exceptional eye for detail and passion for quality Inquisitive; not afraid to ask questions. A compelling portfolio of work that demonstrates high-quality design work that also tells a story that you are a deep design thinker. 
ScrapedJobID667:
Implementing new features in our brand new Flutter based mobile application Taking designs from concept to reality with great attention to the littlest of details Interfacing with SLAM’s API and adding to it or editing it where necessary (PHP/mySQL) Improving and maintaining CI/CD pipelines and tools to make app deployment fast and efficient Building real-time features Building creative interactive features using new technologies Monitoring crash reports, eliminating bugs, and keeping packages up to date Writing technical documentation Writing automated tests Working in a tight feedback loop with the customer success team and directly with customers to make sure we’re solving the right problems and innovating Exploring new technologies and frameworks to implement at SLAM Technologies to keep systems and engineering efforts up to date, safe, and quick to build on Running product and architecture experiments, assessing success with product analytics data Working with marketing and account management teams to understand customer needs Communicating regularly with technical and strategic partners on integration updates Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science or other science/engineering field Minimum of 2 years full-time software development work experience Proficient with mobile app development using Flutter & Dart Experience with a backend development framework (PHP/mySQL preferred) Experience writing clean and maintainable code Experience with Git and version control Excellent English verbal and written communication skills Can work in a fast-paced dynamic environment, often independently with tight deadlines Demonstrated experience in software development. Demonstrated experience developing SaaS software applications. Portfolio of personal projects Experience with PHP/mySQL Experience with native mobile app SDKs Previous experience leading development teams or working at small companies Communication, Team Player, Problem solving, Decision making, Critical thinking, Computer use, Continuous learning Superior written and verbal communication skills Self-starter who has a desire to learn, grow, and excel in their role Strong knowledge and experience of SaaS platforms Demonstrated experience in resolving complex technical issues Time management skills and an ability to prioritize workload Strong multi-tasking and organizational skills Work effectively together with other team members to create maximum synergy, coordination and cooperation Willing to work hard and having a good job tenure and job history. Lead by example Must be growth oriented and career minded. Have a friendly and helpful attitude Must be able to work independently and resourcefully to meet established goals. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID668:
Plans, designs, develops, deploys, tests, maintains, updates and supports custom solutions which involves website architecture, dynamic programming, database development, server configuration, service and application administration, and application integration Assist to support of packaged application integration into solutions, data conversion planning and testing, and a key contact for vendor technical support of applications belonging to or assigned to the web services portfolio Analyze business requirements and communicate regularly with departments to effectively design and deploy technology and custom solutions to solve business problems Provides 2nd level support to service desk and end users as required with respect to the department’s web and dynamic services (includes but not limited to intranet sites, extranet sites, internet sites, database, and dynamic/data driven applications) Good understanding of the software development lifecycle and must be able to communicate project status, issues, and resolutions effectively Some knowledge and development experience in:
SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices
Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server
SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell
Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive
Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass
Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React
Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft
Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies Experience with delivery of websites involving team & project collaboration, corporate communication, and business process portals including financial reporting May have some experience writing design specifications and data models for Web and dynamic applications This is a customer facing role and requires a resourceful individual that is confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in crisis management and expectation management Strong teamwork and cross-group skills are essential Organizational skills to effectively prioritize tasks Troubleshooting skills to contend with technical difficulties, and analytical skills to assist in the resolution of complicated application integration challenges Verbal communication and interpersonal skills required with the ability to write in a clear and concise manner 
ScrapedJobID669:
Flexible schedule Monday to Friday Shopify: 2 years (required) Lightspeed: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID670:

ScrapedJobID671:
Evolve within a devOps team Conduct design, development, code reviews and resolve production issues Strong empathy with customer situation Be responsible for features from development to production Participate at doing faster release Improve the product Documentation. Very good knowledge of Node.js development Good knowledge of unit test libraries (Mocha-Chai-Jest) Good knowledge of TypeScript Experience in ReactJs web development. Experience with non-relational databases (NoSQL) Good knowledge of UML diagrams Experience in agile development and Scrum/Kanban methodology Experience with micro-service architecture Experience with cloud based development/serverless Experience with Test-Driven-Development. Excellent communication and ownership skills Should be highly adaptive to ensure product and organizational agility. Team Player Curiosity Listening and empathy Autonomy Willingness to learn and work on new technologies. At least 7 years Bachelor or master degree in SW, IT or computer science Bilingual. A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation A 12-minute walk from Du College metro station. 
ScrapedJobID672:
Generous time off (including vacation, holiday shut-down between Christmas and New Years, and having your birthday off) Full and flexible benefits on day 1 (it is our business after all) Endless supply of free coffee(!) Convenient commute accessibility University Degree in Computer Science or a Community College Certificate in Computer Science or equivalent experience. Minimum of 3-4 years of business application development experience. Requires an intermediate level of coding, technical and time management skills. Requires a strong working knowledge of the functions of the development tools installed at Green Shield and utilizes these tools specifically in the development of application software. Designs and develops modules of logic, including data base access methods, for online and batch application in one or more programming environments such as TypeScript, C#, ASP.NET, .Net Core, and other languages or framework technologies as required. Have experience with SPA and frameworks such as Angular and React. Have working knowledge of Front-End or GUI development using HTML 5 / CSS3 (Bootstrap, Foundation and/or Material Design) and Pre-processors such as SASS and/or SCSS. Have experience with Node.js and associated package managers such as (NPM, WebPack and/or other build tools and task runners). Experience in using Unit Testing frameworks such as Selenium would be considered an asset. Oracle PL/SQL experience would be considered an asset. Must be able to interpret application design into code design and produce optimized software solutions compliant with industry and corporate development standards. Has strong interpersonal skills and can work effectively with IT peers, and/or internal clients. Must be able to carry out the iterative review of online screens and reports and to implement required revisions where necessary. Must be able to present technical options and alternatives. Must be able to perform full unit testing on all components of a program. Must be fully versed and competent in the use of automated testing tools and utilities. Must be able to produce required documentation for all programs created or changed and able to write or assist in writing user or operational documentation. Assures that all applications are developed with the highest quality and adhere to departmental standards for logic coding, version control and library management by requesting and participating in peer review sessions. Participates with Software Developers and Senior Software Developers in the review of internal standards for code structure, language use, version control and code library management. May be called upon to participate in the evaluation of new tools and methodologies for the purpose of making recommendation for their use in the IT Department. Provides resource estimates for various components of the software development process in support of project planning and scheduling tasks. Bilingualism (English & French) 
ScrapedJobID673:
Développement Java et/ou Python Développement web (HTML/CSS, Angular, Bootstrap) Connaissance du langage SQL Communication de résultats d’analyses (à l’aide d’outils de visualisation) Connaissance de Spring Boot, Django ou Flask Connaissance des outils de CI/CD (Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes) Compréhension de la Méthode Agile Société Générale est l’un des tout premiers groupes européens de services financiers. Acteur important de l’économie depuis plus de 150 ans, Société Générale emploie plus de 138 000 collaborateurs dans 62 pays et accompagne au quotidien 29 millions de clients à travers le monde. La Société Générale a ouvert son premier bureau aux États-Unis en 1938 et au Canada en 1974 et compte désormais environ 2 500 professionnels travaillant dans 8 villes américaines, 3 villes au Canada et ainsi qu’en Amérique latine. Société Générale n’est pas qu’une institution financière, c’est un groupe qui place l’innovation et un impact financier positif et durable au cœur de sa culture. Le groupe Société Générale a fait du numérique un levier clé pour transformer la relation bancaire. L’édition 2019 des Trophées du eCAC40 classe Société Générale à la première place des banques ayant le mieux négocié le virage du numérique ! Nos groupes ressources employés tels que Fierté et Alliés, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet témoignent de l’implication de nos employés pour leur communauté. 
ScrapedJobID674:
5+ years experience in the field Know the in and outs of Drupal Have a kick-ass attitude Love coffee...nah j.k. - but we really do consume a lot of coffee here. Understanding of but not limited to PHP, MySQL, AJAX, javascript Experience with the Web Experience Toolkit (WxT) Experience working with or for government clients Likes to buy timbits for the office ... no really ... we like timbits. Basic understanding of CSS & HTML Working on OSX 5+ years experience in the field Know the in and outs of Drupal Have a kick-ass attitude Love coffee...nah j.k. - but we really do consume a lot of coffee here. Understanding of but not limited to PHP, MySQL, AJAX, javascript Experience with the Web Experience Toolkit (WxT) Experience working with or for government clients Likes to buy timbits for the office ... no really ... we like timbits. Basic understanding of CSS & HTML Working on OSX 5+ years experience in the field jQuery Wizard SASS Magician Know CSS3, HTML5, jQuery or equivalent of Experience with drupal theming. Experience working with or for government clients Likes to buy timbits for the office ... no really ... we like timbits. Knowing PHP is a huge bonus Understanding command line 
ScrapedJobID675:
2 ans d’expérience solide en développement logiciel De l'expérience en développement web (C#, ASP.NET Core) Une connaissance du développement Web front-end en utilisant JavaScript ainsi que les frameworks front-end modernes tels que Angular, React ou Vue.js La conception et le développement de solutions orientées objet n'ont plus de secret pour toi Connaissance et compréhension solides des systèmes de bases de données relationnelles et du langage SQL Un horaire flexible de 37,5h/semaine La possibilité de travailler dans le confort de ta maison, quand le projet le permet évidemment (en télétravail à 100% jusqu’à nouvel ordre, et en moyenne à 50% après la pandémie) Un régime de retraite et un programme d’assurances complet Des congés supplémentaires à Noël! Un stationnement gratuit Événements sociaux. Que dirais-tu de tir à l'arc, de lancer de la hache, ou de jeux vidéo en équipe en télétravail? Et bien plus! A solid 2 years of experience in software development To have enjoyed some experience in web development (C#, ASP.NET Core) To have a knowledge of front-end web development which include but aren’t limited to HTML5, CSS and JavaScript languages or JavaScript framework like Angular, React or Vue.JS Designing and Developing object-oriented solutions hold no secrets for you as you’ve been there and done that Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL language A flexible 37.5 hours/week schedule Ability to work in your comfy clothes from home, well, when the project allows for it of course (working 100% remotely until further notice, and an average of 50% after the pandemic) A comprehensive group insurance plan and retirement savings plan Extra days off at Christmas! Free parking Fun social events. Archery anyone? Or when working remotely, playing video games as a team? And much more! 
ScrapedJobID676:
You are experienced in developing for the web using React.js, JavaScript, and HTML5 for UI development You are experienced using React to comume data from APIs You are excited by the possibilities provided by cloud technologies such as Microsoft Azure including the areas of app services, microservices and serverless technologies Designing and developing software against requirements in React.js Exploring new development techniques and tools that will enhance the performance, functionality and maintainability of the applications Adopting agile ways of working in your approach to development and encouraging others - playing an active role in ceremonies or equivalent, managing your own workload/tasks including setting priorities, estimating effort and tracking progress Playing an active part in our team: helping to build an inclusive environment, sharing knowledge, and promoting development best practices with colleagues within the team Professional development experience with React.js, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 Strong team working skills with ability to build trusted relationships with people and groups with diverse backgrounds. A good knowledge of Agile methodologies and SCRUM framework Experience with API design and development skills including RESTful API (OData, OpenAPI) Knowledge of the design and implementation of PaaS and serverless solutions in Azure You have a passion for diversity, recognizing the innovation and competitive edge that comes from a diverse highly skilled team where equal opportunities are truly valued You will be developing your technical skills and strive to improve the team You will be able to engage with internal stakeholders, gain their confidence and persuade them to cooperate with initiatives where required You will possess a natural curiosity for all things technical and will take responsibility for keeping yourself up to date You will have good English written/verbal communication skills with both non-technical as well as technical audiences 
ScrapedJobID677:
Augment existing in-house team of intermediate and junior web developers Configure AEM as a headless CMS Provide software development expertise in web search to guide team Code in ReactJS Build accessible front-end web pages 8 hour shift Monday to Friday AEM Developer: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID678:
Work on a variety of maintenance and enhancement activities. Work with business stakeholders and other SMEs to understand high-level business requirements. Work with the Solution Designers and contribute to the development of project plans by participating in the scoping and estimating of proposed projects. Apply technical background/understanding, business knowledge, system knowledge in the elicitation of Systems Requirements for projects. Support testing teams in translating requirements and use cases into test conditions and expected results for product, performance, user acceptance, and operational acceptance testing; participate in the testing of developed systems/solutions. Support a positive work environment that promote service to business, quality, innovation and teamwork and ensure timely communication of issues/ points of interest. Provide technical guidance and mentoring to other team members. A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Diploma in IT with equivalent IT experience; 5+ years of IT experience including 2+ years in a Guidewire developer role; Hands on development experience with Guidewire Claim Centre, Policy Centre or Billing Centre; Claim Centre v8 and above certification is required, v10 is ideal; Strong Java development skills is required; Experience within an Azure development environment is required; Good knowledge of Guidewire foundation and fundamentals; Experience in Agile and Scrums; Experience with either XML, GUnit, Jenkins, GIT/Subversion/TFS, Code Coverage and Code Scan Plugin/Tools; Experience with Application Servers like WebSphere, Weblogic, JBoss and/or Tomcat; Experience with Database Servers like SQL Server, Oracle, and/or DB2; Ability to engage different stakeholders (Configuration, Integration, Middleware and Legacy teams) to resolve issues; Proven ability to mentor and coach team members is required. 
ScrapedJobID679:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Have you living locally for at least 2 years? PHP: 4 years (preferred) Yii: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID680:
Develop and enhance VimBiz, Vimsoft’s flagship product, which is a suite of Rich, Web and Mobile applications developed using Microsoft .NET and Microsoft SQL Server technologies Work with a team to develop and create simple processes to resolve complex business requirements and to create automation tools to further reduce the user’s workload Create complex functions, stored procedures, triggers, and scripts to support application development Develop techniques to increase performance information processing and accelerate complex queries Post-secondary education in Computer Science/IT, or equivalent job experience Minimum 3 years’ experience as Software Developer Good knowledge of relational databases and database programming languages (T-SQL) Programming experience using Microsoft Visual Studio .NET Experience developing, deploying, or managing applications on Microsoft Azure or other Cloud platforms Skills and experience with technologies such as Web Services, Web Applications, and Xamarin Understanding of business workflows and processes in the media and broadcasting industry Experience working in enterprise software development and client implementation Knowledge of Crystal Reports and/or Microsoft Reporting Services Experience with system integration and interfacing with other applications Multilingual (English, French, Spanish, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID681:
Design, build, test, and deploy highly-available services that improve patient centric healthcare at scale. Use data to support product decisions and prioritize the right projects for the team. Use the right language and framework for the challenge at hand. Build great user experiences that allow customers to easily understand powerful data tools. Own product decisions end-to-end and bring structure to a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Train other team members on your specialities to ensure a cross functional team 4+ years of software engineering experience in a web/mobile development in and infrastructure. Bonus points for experience in the digital health or healthcare space. Experience in backend technologies: Django, AWS, Heroku, RMDB, Reddis, Restful APIs, Application security, containers, and scripting languages. Experience in modern web technologies HTML5, CSS3, Django, and react native. Experience with Snowflake, Databricks, and other modern cloud data tools a bonus. A proponent of diverse and inclusive engineering cultures, and a commitment to fostering such an environment. Unafraid to communicate what’s working and what needs to change. Someone who is energized by ambiguity and can create structure in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Our tech stack immediately consists of Django, Native React, and AWS. Do you have experience in all three of the technologies? Django: 2 years (required) AWS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID682:
Casual dress Dental care On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID683:
You will design, develop, modify, debug and/or maintain software code according to functional, non-functional and technical design specifications. You will follow Amdocs software engineering standards, applicable software development methodology and release processes, to ensure code is maintainable, scalable, supportable and demo the software products to stakeholders You will investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code, provides fixes and workarounds, and reviews changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions. You will work within a team, collaborate and add value through participation in peer code reviews, provide comments and suggestions, work with cross functional teams to achieve goals. You will assume technical accountability for your specific work products within an application and provide technical support during solution design for new requirements. You will be encouraged to actively look for innovation and continuous improvement, efficiency in all assigned tasks. Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computer Science or equivalent Java experience (server side) on Linux/Unix/Windows Demonstrable experience with the Spring framework components - Spring Boot, MVC, Integration, ‎Security, etc.‎ Experience in Unit Testing using tools like Junit & TestNG, and mocking tools like ‎Mockito/Power mock.‎ Preferred working experience in NoSQL databases.‎ Knowledge in message queue such as ActiveMQ, Kafka or RabbitMQ.‎ Knowledge with version control tools like Git and Bitbucket.‎ Knowledge of software best practices like Refactoring and Clean Code Exposure to Agile/Scrum and TDD Experience with Continuous Integration(Jenkins), Continuous Deployment, Static Code ‎Analysis (SonarQube)‎ Exposure to cloud and containerization.‎ You will be challenged with design and develop new software applications You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever growing opportunities for personal growth You will have the opportunity to work with the industry most advanced technologies 
ScrapedJobID684:
Bachelor's degree required in Software Engineering or Computer Science 4 - 6 years relevant experience Experience with AI (sentiment analysis, data classification, unstructured clustering) Azure maintenance (scaling, monitoring, backups, resource automation) Experience with classic ASP for legacy application Azure MSSQL C# (Core and Framework) Javascript (no frameworks) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Why are LEARNstyle and this role a good fit for you? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Software development: 4 years (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID685:
Working with an team to develop, test, and maintain web and desktop-based business applications built on the latest web/IoT technologies. Assisting in the collection and documentation of user’s requirements, development of use cases, and estimates. Preparing reports, manuals and other documentation on the proper use, operation and maintenance of Optima’s software products. Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards. Participating in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code. Package and support deployment of releases. Working with teammates in the migration of older applications to current technologies. Developing, refining, and tuning integration between applications. Analyzing and resolving technical and application problems. Adhering to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget. Providing support to Optima customers by closely working with the Optima support team. Perform related duties consistent with the scope and intent of the position. Undergraduate’s or Associate’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience (1 or more years of experience as a Junior Software Engineer). Studied or completed Information Technology or related courses in post-secondary education. Exposure to one or more of the following programming languages: Java, Javascript, SQL, C, C++, PHP, Python. Proven ability to write design, build, test and debug software. Knowledge of operating systems (Microsoft, Unix, Linux). Demonstrated proficiency in the following technologies: JavaScript, HTML, XML, SQL, JSON. Knowledge of relational database management systems such as MySQL. Knowledge of software life-cycle and agile methodologies. Knowledge of web services and service-oriented architectures. Experience in data processing, data visualization, statistics, time series analysis, and analytical processes in general. Familiarity with test automation tools. Familiarity with the Eclipse development environment. Knowledge of troubleshooting local area networks, wide area networks and data communications equipment. Working knowledge of a range of diagnostic utilities. Good understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives. Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Exceptional interpersonal skills, with a focus on rapport-building, listening, and questioning skills. Strong documentation skills. A strong interest in working in the telecommunications arena as a Java/Javascript/Web Developer. Ability to conduct research into a wide range of computing issues as required. Ability to absorb and retain information quickly. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Highly self motivated and directed. Keen attention to detail. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Exceptional customer service orientation. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Sitting for extended periods of time. Manual dexterity to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, power tools, and to handle other computer components. Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripherals. Candidate must have legal working status, be a permanent resident or Canadian citizen, and be fluent in English. This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment. This job will occasionally require travel to facilities and locations operated by Optima’s customers. 
ScrapedJobID686:
Design, write, maintain, improve, and test our web and mobile applications. Assist our customer support team by providing explanations and resolutions to complex problems reported by our users. Effectively contribute suggestions and new ideas to enhance performance and usability. Research and develop new solutions using new technologies to enhance our existing software applications. Report to a Team Leader and/or Development Manager. Willingly take on other tasks as required. Degree or diploma in Computer Science/related field OR equivalent work experience 2+ years of software development experience in a web-based environment Proficiency in .NET, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, ASP.Net, and SQL Experience with version control software and processes Able to configure and maintain Windows Servers & Services including IIS & MS SQL Ability to learn quickly Comfortable working at a small, dynamic company Can translate business goals into actionable work assignments with minimal direction Use best practices to document and write quality software, with a commitment to standardization and predictability. Effective presentation and documentation skills. Encourages and accepts personal feedback Can use judgment to solve problems where protocol might not exist Experience working in an Agile development environment Working knowledge of HTTP, SOAP and RESTful services Desire to debate and explore new technologies Web & Mobile technologies such as: Xamarin, Sencha, Angular, React Design and develop comprehensive automated unit and regression tests Design and develop comprehensive CI/CD solutions Competitive salary, commission plan and robust benefits 3 weeks of vacation to start, your birthday off, a paid volunteer day of your choosing, plus an extra day for a special holiday of significance to you. Employee Stock Purchase Program (Nasdaq: EVCM) Some flexibility around working hours and remote work Staff Enrichment (i.e., happy hours, lunches, company culture activities and competitions, etc.) Gym/Wellness reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID687:
Performs analysis of business and user needs and document business requirements for the design and development of an application system. Defines systems scope, objectives and solutions that fulfill specific business objectives and service level agreements (SLAs) by working with business representatives to elicit requirements and by applying their knowledge of business processes, industry practices and relevant technology. Designs solutions that support business functions, processes and applications. Applies knowledge of the business area and functions in development and evaluation of alternatives for IT solutions, while balancing important concerns such as adherence to established practices, and alignment with enterprise strategy. Participates in from the early phases of projects, producing solution options and approach documents that clarify the problem space. Proposes a recommended solution, explains the rationale, enumerates significant components (people, process and technology) and addresses relevant constraints, risks, competing concerns, alternatives and the consequences of proposed choices. ensures adherence to HSB Group architecture standards and methodologies, ensures that solutions address all functional and non-functional requirements, and leads multifunctional teams in the successful integration of application components. Acts as an advocate for promoting change and developing solutions for improvements to applications processes and technology. Acting as a bridge between business and IT, business analyst collaborates with Business Solutions team to provide consultation on topics such as methodology, process and design, determine options on closing gaps between business capabilities and systems supporting the business processes. Participates in process flow analysis and process redesign along business process improvement specialist and Business Solutions team. Participates and supports the creation of a detailed functional design document to match customer requirements. Communicate business needs of the project to the technical team. Directly involved in the implementation, evaluation and testing of the business applications. Based on business requirements, produces technical specification for custom development and systems integration requirements. Provides current best practice and 3rd Party solution alternatives as part of the functional design document. Participates and leads, when needed, project meetings with the customer. Work closely with Quality Assurance team for project testing strategy and plans. Provide input for business readiness plans, including communication, and training. Triage and document incoming incidents to ensure proper incident priority are assessed. A bachelor’s degree or higher in a technical discipline, business analysis or equivalent education and work experience. 4-6 years related experience. Experience with SQL is an asset. Developer experience an asset, but not required. Background in proven and emerging architectures/technologies such as SOA, web services and cloud computing. Solid exposure to multi-tiered architecture, design, and implementation. Knowledge of agile methodologies. Previous Insurance Industry experience is an asset. Strong creativity in solution design; inventive thinking. Proven ability to manage and prioritize multiple, concurrent activities and the ability to adapt to changing priorities. Strong analytical, facilitation, problem solving and organizational skills. Experience leading meetings, coordinating deliverables, and resolving issues. Ability to communicate to both the technical and non-technical communities. Experience working in a matrixed environment, with functional reporting relationship and global IT. A strong desire to keep abreast of new and emerging technologies.  
ScrapedJobID688:

ScrapedJobID689:
Systems design: Analysis of a system’s requirements to create a design, system components and a working model. Systems and applications development: Conversion of information from design specifications to programming code. Writing specific programs by analyzing workflow charts and diagrams and applying knowledge of computer capabilities to satisfy system requirements. Strong understanding and experience using SQL optimization techniques Work with project management to create and maintain production and development schedules around areas of responsibility Demonstrated ability to work both independently and as part of a team A bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (i.e.: Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a similar major with extensive computer-based or technical content) Minimum 7 years experience with PL/SQL development The ability to integrate data from multiple source system Excellent analytical, written and oral communication skills Flexibility and ability to deal with ambiguity Ability to work within a team environment Scripting in shell & python 
ScrapedJobID690:
Are you passionate or interested in learning about maritime shipping & logistics? Are you entrepreneurial at heart and want to be a part of a family owned company? Are you a people person who cares for others? Are you a dedicated and committed individual who believes in continuously evolving? Create, design, develop, and deploy RPA systems, environments, projects, by working closely with subject matter experts and existing business process. Provide support, maintain, and report on automated bots in collaboration with business users. Optimize and support existing web applications, API’s, stored procedures using SQL, C#, ASPNET, CSS, HTML Three (3) to five (5) years’ experience programming in team/business environment DEC or University degree in computer science Solid knowledge in SQL, C#, ASP.NET, CSS, HTML, Java required Passion for data and programming Efficient problem solving & business sense Resourceful, autodidact, attention to detail Ability to quickly understand, design and deconstruct algorithms and data structures 100% health and dental benefits coverage RRSP coverage with MSC Canada matching a portion of employee contribution Tailored training program opportunities for employee development Employee mentorship, leadership and assistance opportunities An employee referral incentive program Community Involvement Gym facility Health & Wellness Program 
ScrapedJobID691:
Participate in the construction and maintenance of the Java project framework, develop high concurrency and distributed systems, and maintain the existing systems. Participate in the discussion and compilation of the project implementation plan, complete the preparation of the project requirements, outline, detailed design, and other documents. Responsible for the project subsystem or module design and coding. Responsible for core business system optimization, to ensure system security, quality, and performance. Responsible to deliver SnapPay (Alipay strategic partners) system, a high concurrent and stable payment system to hundreds of thousands of merchants. Participating in project planning and solution proposals. Translating designer mock-ups and wireframes into code. Implementing high-quality unit tests. Performing peer code review to meet program quality targets. Identifying and diagnosing deficiencies related to systems, code, and infrastructure. Drafting system documentation for a wide variety of purposes. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer engineering. Demonstrated development skills in Spring boot. Familiar with OOP and design patterns. Experience with designing & developing Restful web services with Spring MVC or Spring webflux. Good at MySQL or other relational databases and good SQL skills Must be performance-driven and able to work in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines. 
ScrapedJobID692:
On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID693:
Design and deliver high quality features and enhancements. Provide estimates and actively participate in the spring planning process. Produce highly secure solutions. Performance tuning. Peer review code. Front-end development experience and knowledge of Javascript modern frameworks like Vue.js, React or Angular. Experience writing and working with REST APIs. Ability to create a vision for our front-end applications while supporting multitude of customer features Collaborate with other cross-functional teams working on features for our customers Lead technical and architecture discussions about our front-end applications Ability to work closely with UX designers and Product owners to deliver the best UX for our customers Ability to deliver high-quality code using automated tests Familiarity with automated build pipelines; continuous integration or continuous delivery Proven experience using code repositories such as GitHub. Demonstrated ability to work in a fast pace customer centric environment. 5+ years of experience in web application development using Agile methodologies. Excellent communication and organization skills. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent. Experience with A/B testing Familiarity with deploying to cloud providers in and container-based distributed systems (Docker). Basic knowledge of relational databases Familiarity with *nix like environments Basic knowledge of message brokering systems such as RabbitMQ Familiarity with at least one dynamically typed, object-oriented programming language Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID694:
Collaborating with other members of the development team to derive the best possible design to meet requirements Implementing, testing, documenting, and maintaining back-end systems for multiple high-traffic services Providing constructive feedback in the form of code and design reviews Looking for ways to improve our development and deployment processes Ensuring security and performance of our products Adoption of Shopify’s new versioned API - this one keeps us in business! Support for Shopify’s new bulk APIs; this cut our operating costs (fewer servers) and increased the speed of our backups. Rewind Copy for QuickBooks; #1 feature request for QuickBooks customers, move your data from here to there and make it easy. Rewind API (version 1); services that want to power data resiliency in their apps with Rewind can now do so. Hooking Hubspot into various areas of our product to capture customer events for sales/marketing. Addressing multiple code and database scaling challenges in the processing of daily backups for our American BigCommerce customers. Adding support for new entry level pricing plans that required creating limitations in product functionality. Implementing new first time user experience features to https://app.rewind.io. Upgrading all applicable components from Rails 5 to Rails 6. Enhancements to our administrative interface (the one that support, sales, and marketing rely on) to bundle customers, change billing plans, and cancel subscriptions. Aggregating Webhooks with DynamoDB and SQS Delay Queues Great troubleshooting and analytical skills, you’re an exceptional communicator, you have prior experience building or maintaining TypeScript-based applications, and you have a curious mind for how things work and what makes them tick. You should enjoy making complicated situations simple and painless. You should be a stellar communicator, even when you have to communicate less-than-stellar news. You should have highly tuned senses of compassion and empathy and a drive to constantly help others. You must be comfortable interacting with REST and GraphQL APIs, and be proficient in TypeScript or Javascript. You should be well-versed in AWS, source control management (preferably Git), and Docker. You might have a CS degree. You might not. That’s not what we’re looking for. We care about what you can do and how you do it, not about how you got here. A strong track record of conscientious, thoughtful work speaks volumes. why you want to work at Rewind and not somewhere else. a time you taught yourself a new skill to complete a job or project. some of the work we do; introduce yourself as a colleague and explain how you can help us your favourite meal; why you love it and how you prepare it 
ScrapedJobID695:
Building data-driven software applications based on Python, JavaScript (Node.js) and HTML5 (Boostrap) Developing high performance databases and designing well structured database schemas using MS SQL Server and MySQL Modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces. Directing system testing and validation procedures. Directing software programming and documentation development. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals. Working with customers or departments on technical issues including software system design and maintenance. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with engineering staff to evaluate software-hardware interfaces and develop specifications and performance requirements. Designing and developing software systems using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcomes and design consequences. Preparing reports on programming project specifications, activities, or status. Conferring with project managers to obtain information on limitations or capabilities. Possession of a post-secondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, or a relevant field. Strong knowledge of the Python and JavaScript (Node.js) programming languages / frameworks Strong knowledge of database development and schema design using MS SQL Server and MySQL Strong knowledge of HTML5 UI development using the Bootstrap framework Strong knowledge of SQL (Structured Query Language). Good expertise in software development methodologies The desire to work in fast-paced environment. Ability to develop unit testing of code components or complete applications. Creativity is always a plus. Possession of a problem-solving attitude. Must be a full-stack developer and understand concepts of software engineering. Experience working on a variety of software development projects. Deep programming language knowledge. Analyze code and communicate detailed reviews to development teams to ensure a marked improvement in applications and the timely completion of projects. Collaborate with team members to improve the company’s engineering tools, systems and procedures, and data security. Develop and maintain design and troubleshooting documentation. Can work independently and as part of a team. 8 hour shift Python development: 5 years (required) Microsoft SQL Server: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID696:
Value working collaboratively Iterate on a design, seeing the potential and where to focus next Evaluate solution alternatives, recognizing and understanding pros and cons Persevere when running into issues Want to share your learning and learn from others Want feedback and want to provide feedback Experience with web development, including Javascript, Jquery, and Ajax C# or other similar programming languages Unit testing SQL Software security fundamentals and common security vulnerabilities Understanding of source control software (e.g. GIT) Experience with Microsoft Development Stack Using HTML to develop webpages Experience processing XML and JSON Test-Driven Development Data Model first design approach Working knowledge of concurrency and multi-threaded applications Payment processing including Credit Card and Electronic Funds Transfers Experience building MVC Web Applications Experience designing and testing RESTful web services Experience integrating APIs Web design principles (e.g. accessibility, responsive design) Web design languages (CSS, SCSS) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID697:
Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID698:
Design, code and test major features in collaboration with team members, Designers, Software Developers and QA Analysts Participate in the architectural design of new features and functions Develop for scalability, performance, and reliability Perform maintenance for existing products Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration Dependable and concise communication at all times Mentor teammates through code review, explanation, and example Stay current with trends, techniques, technology and other factors impacting the job Ad hoc duties .NET Core, C# RabbitMQ PostgreSQL Docker .NET Framework WPF, XAML JIRA, Git, GitLab, Visual Studio Bonus: React or other Javascript frameworks College degree in a Computer Science or Software Engineering 5+ years of .NET Framework development experience Professional experience implementing scalable, performant, reliable web services Detail oriented, can easily context switch and have excellent organizational skills. 
ScrapedJobID699:
Analyze data via SQL queries to assess structure, granularity, quality, and fit for analytics. Gather, document, and validate detailed business requirements. Brainstorm, define, and document innovative, actionable analytics and KPIs. Developing calculations, parameters, dashboard actions, and other components. Integrating ML predictive & prescriptive model outputs and AI-generated insights. Build interactivity into dashboards – e.g., parameters, actions, navigation – for ease-of-use. 3-6+ years of relevant experience in Tableau dashboard building. Experience is other areas of UI experience like Web page building will be an added advantage. Bachelors Degree in Computer/Data Science or other related discipline 
ScrapedJobID700:
Identify production issues, develop solutions, and test and implement projects or initiatives to solve business problems. Work closely with IT staff and business resources across our global sites. Help with the implementation, ongoing maintenance, and configuration of the CRM systems. Adapt quickly in an ever-changing and dynamic environment with frequent multiple deadlines. Reengineer, modify, and design business processes. Experience working in the High-Tech Industry. 2+ Years of Salesforce Administration / Development Experience. Ability to identify and document business requirements. Strong analytical skills and problem solving skill with a system and process orientation. Strong interpersonal and demonstrated team skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Affinity for Time Management skills. Post-Secondary Education in related field in STEM. Salesforce Certified Administrator. Certified Salesforce App Builder. Salesforce Administration and security Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud Salesforce CPQ Salesforce Lightning Framework Salesforce Communities Experience with Atlassian Jira Agile and Confluence Software Experience and understanding of Agile Frameworks & Project Management Apex Development Various Salesforce Addons and Managed Packages Financial Force PSA Hubspot Docebo Learning System. 6 sense Competitive compensation plan Flexible working hours – in some roles work from home Employee development including training programs and mentorship Career development and advancement opportunities International travel opportunities - we are a global company. The Sandvine Global Talent Acquisition Team 
ScrapedJobID701:
or equivalent experience XML PHP MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML DHTML CSS ASP XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) Ajax ASP.NET Git Criminal record check Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Internet Image editing software Programming software Software development Website creation and management software Accurate Team player Excellent written communication Organized 
ScrapedJobID702:
Understand WorkBC program service policies and contractual obligations, and understand the Work collaboratively with Employment Counsellors and Employment Skills Facilitators to Maintain and monitor client progress to successful job attachment outcome by building a strong Assist clients and employers in completing wage subsidy applications Document the clients’ progress in achieving the goals outlined in their work experience plan and Maintain an excellent working knowledge of local employment opportunities via cold calling, Develop an ongoing relationship with employers and maintain such relationship using the Coordinate employer engagement events, such as job fairs, industry presentations, work site Curate job postings and communicate opportunities to the Client Services Team and clients (e.g. Secure placement opportunity for clients by screening them, referring resumes to employers, Provide on-site job coaching to clients as needed Sound knowledge of the Employment Insurance Act, BC Employment and Assistance program Current and satisfactory Criminal Record Check required Excellent inter-personal verbal and written communication skills, Experience providing customer service and resolving issues both in person and in a virtual Experience building partnerships with community agencies, employers, and other stakeholders Experience conducting and interpreting client needs assessments Experience coaching and mentoring clients Ability to work co-operatively in a team environment, Strong organizational and time-management skills, Proficient in Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office software such as Word, Excel, Access, Tactful, discreet, diplomatic, patient, flexible and possesses cultural sensitivity and excellent Critical thinking skills: ability to process and organize facts, data, and other information to Proficiency in a second language will be considered an asset Driver’s License would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID703:
Furthering the use of data analysis tools in the organization. Managing competing projects across multiple regions. Managing user requests, data issues, and reporting enhancements. Creating multi-use, cross functional data libraries to support multiple client and internal reporting requests, particularly in the Factset Vermilion Reporting Suite. Experience working with large datasets. Bachelor’s degree or above in Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Business, Economics, or Computer Science. Strong written communication skills. Organized and self-motivated. Eagerness to learn and test out new ideas. Strong work values - dependable, honest, positive attitude. Solution-based mindset, always looking to find answers. Generalist mindset, willing to work in different domains based on need. Analytical mindset. Interest in working with data and using data collection, aggregation, presentation tools. Experience in Microsoft Excel, VBA is a plus. Experience in Factset Vermilion Reporting Suite, Sylvan Vision, or Simcorp Coric. SQL knowledge. Experience working in a corporate environment is preferred. Experience in, or willingness to learn business intelligence tools, particularly Microsoft Power BI. 
ScrapedJobID704:
Our team is 31% women and as diverse as the population in the regions we operate in, including the LGBTQIA+ community. 49% of our people were born in countries other than where our offices are located. Our team members collectively speak 19 different languages. 59% of our people speak more than one language In the past year Architech has increased the number of women in our technology function by 200%. We strive to do even better as our multi-year strategic plan unfolds. We analyzed salaries by gender of persons in the same role and are delighted to report a 0% gender pay gap in our delivery and technology roles! Build scalable, reliable, resilient, secure systems that are built open source with cloud first architecture. Implement responsible web and/or mobile design principles using the latest technologies. Work in an Agile team with Designers and Product Owners to continuously iterate and build feedback into the solution. Be part of the team that architects and delivers the nuances within our overall technical strategy. Commit to our ever-evolving CI/CD chain and working templates. Work with technologies such as AWS and our partner technologies within projects including Azure, DotCMS and Red Hat. Approach new projects with the client needs and users in mind. Be open to learn and absorb the rapid changes in the engineering industry. 3+ years of professional web development experience with React, Redux, Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, jQuery and HTML5. Understanding of object-oriented design principles and RESTful APIs such as, Java. Experience with AWS and good understanding of DevOps. Solid understanding of CSS and CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Foundation and Sass. Knowledge and experience with CI/CD using Jenkins or Circle CI or Travis. Strong knowledge of development tools and programming languages, and preferably have experience working with cloud technologies. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. Be passionate about providing inclusive and accessible experiences to our partners, including seeing products and features through the lens of Accessibility first and championing this vision across our teams. Be willing to work with many teams, trying new methods and helping others learn new ways. 
ScrapedJobID705:
3+ years of professional experience in software development Strong knowledge of Android SDK, different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning Ability to design applications around natural user interfaces, such as “touch” Familiarity with the use of additional sensors, such as gyroscopes and accelerometers Knowledge of the open-source Android ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications A knack for benchmarking and optimization Understanding of Google’s Android design principles and interface guidelines Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Familiarity with continuous integration Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage Full-time availability is a strong advantage Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID706:
Design and implement software solutions for the Digital Marketing/Web Content Management domain. Review and understand functional requirements to be able to conceive and present application designs and prototypes. Document and publish technical requirements, design and functional specifications for use by internal teams. Evaluate existing functionality and propose and implement improvements and extensions as required by the overall architecture of the product. Participate in the evaluation and resolution of defect ticket reports for new as well as legacy components Contribute to the team’s software development lifecycle improvement initiatives by utilizing standard practices as well proposing areas of improvement – design, planning, implementation, testing, and documentation. Manage feature development from concept to release and communicate with management and development teams regarding status, progress, and projected delivery BS in Computer Science or related degree or equivalent experience, MS desired 6+ years of software development experience with Java and JSP/Servlet technologies. 6+ years of experience in designing and implementing web applications using HTML, Javascript, CSS Strong grasp of object-oriented design and implementation Experience with Java application servers - Tomcat/JBoss/Wildfly Experience with Java application framework (Struts, Spring, JSF, etc.) Experience with XML, Hibernate. Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, Backbone.js, Angular, React Must have development experience with a focus on unit testing Must be proficient on Windows and Linux. Customer focused, works well in a collaborative team-oriented environment Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Prior experience with Angular web development is a plus Prior experience with Agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID707:
Workday integrations (Studio, EIB, Core Connectors, Rest Reports) Workday Payroll integrations (PECI, PICOF, EXPR, EI) SQL Server, PowerBI, Integrating systems using API/Web services Minimum 10 years demonstrated developer experience in providing solutions to business teams for Human Resources (HR) with one or more of the following technologies: Workday, ADP GlobalView. Experience configuring Workday integrations (Studio, EIB, Core Connectors, Rest Reports) is mandatory. Excellent communication skills - both oral and written Requirements gathering experience is nice to have as you will occasionally be working closely with the business to identify technical requirements. Knowledge of payroll systems an asset Proficiency with MS Excel macros, MFT/SFTP, PGP, SQL server HIVE Hadoop (EDL platform) and experience with Power BI development an asset Experience with Agile delivery a plus 
ScrapedJobID708:
Design, build, test, and deliver high-quality enterprise web or java-based user interfaces Take a test-driven development approach to write well-tested code Collaborate with design, development, stakeholders, and sponsor users Identify opportunities and add value by removing inefficiencies for the team as well as our customers A minimum 3 years experience in developing software applications with Java A minimum 3 years experience with UI technologies: Eclipse, JavaScript, Node.js, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, React Experience with Windows, Linux development, macOS Experience in debugging and problem determination Experience with agile development practices Experience writing automated test cases Exposure to accessibility testing & threat modelling Knowledge of source control and code management Experience writing customer facing technical documentation Technical curiosity and ability to grasp new concepts quickly through online education Experience in z/OS software development Knowledge of COBOL, PL/I, GO, and/or Assembler Experience with RTC, RQM and RCPTT Experience with XML and JSON 
ScrapedJobID709:
Design, write, maintain, improve, and test our web and mobile applications. Assist our customer support team by providing explanations and resolutions to complex problems reported by our users. Effectively contribute suggestions and new ideas to enhance performance and usability. Research and develop new solutions using new technologies to enhance our existing software applications. Report to a Team Leader and/or Development Manager. Willingly take on other tasks as required. Degree or diploma in Computer Science/related field OR equivalent work experience 2+ years of software development experience in a web-based environment Proficiency in .NET, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, ASP.Net, and SQL Experience with version control software and processes Able to configure and maintain Windows Servers & Services including IIS & MS SQL Ability to learn quickly Comfortable working at a small, dynamic company Can translate business goals into actionable work assignments with minimal direction Use best practices to document and write quality software, with a commitment to standardization and predictability. Effective presentation and documentation skills. Encourages and accepts personal feedback Can use judgment to solve problems where protocol might not exist Experience working in an Agile development environment Working knowledge of HTTP, SOAP and RESTful services Desire to debate and explore new technologies Web & Mobile technologies such as: Xamarin, Sencha, Angular, React Design and develop comprehensive automated unit and regression tests Design and develop comprehensive CI/CD solutions Competitive salary, commission plan and robust benefits 3 weeks of vacation to start, your birthday off, a paid volunteer day of your choosing, plus an extra day for a special holiday of significance to you. Employee Stock Purchase Program (Nasdaq: EVCM) Some flexibility around working hours and remote work Staff Enrichment (i.e., happy hours, lunches, company culture activities and competitions, etc.) Gym/Wellness reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID710:
A short check in on Zoom, to align everyone’s goals, firefight unexpected issues, or scope out incoming project requests. Self-guided work on previously-scoped projects, typically represented by tickets in Jira. Communicating with your teammates, and others in the company, on Slack, our go-to communication tool. Reviewing your teammates’ newly checked-in code in Github to suggest changes or improvements. Brainstorming and documenting ways to make the existing codebase better. Infrequent but essential inter-team meetings to discuss objectives and highlight challenges including, but not limited to: product marketing, SEO and searchability optimization, or content creation. Tactical team meetings to discuss long term goals, review and troubleshoot technical debt and legacy issues, and reflect on recent successes and challenges. Special projects or experiments to challenge ourselves to think outside the box and come up with new or different ways to improve our website. Optionally, zoom socials and games to help blow off some steam! 
ScrapedJobID711:
Assisting with facilitation of weekly Employment Services Orientations Conducting individual intakes and assessments Providing 3 months active service for clients and 1 month follow-up service management; clients must be committed to engaging with an Employment Developer for up to 4 months. Engaging with individual clients to assess employment skills, strengths, experiences and barriers and developing individualized case plans designed to enhance employability and secure employment Coordinating and facilitating client access to employment related education and/or training and events that may provide employment opportunities and to other resources that may reduce individual employment barriers Supporting the development of employer relations; facilitating the hiring of clients and providing ongoing support as needed for employee retention Assisting as needed with facilitation of soft-skills employment readiness workshops for groups Assisting with coordination and providing information at career events to assist clients with criminal records secure employment Program marketing, networking, and building supportive working relationships with community resources Ongoing development of intake and assessment processes, outcome measurement and evaluation tools Data collection, database input, casework documentation, participant evaluations and administrative tasks Internal and external reporting as required Participating in regularly scheduled agency and team meetings 
ScrapedJobID712:
Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift web application development: 3 years (preferred) modern cross-browser HTML5, ES6 and CSS, SASS: 3 years (preferred) developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet: 3 years (preferred) developing front-end solutions using HTML, CSS/SCSS: 3 years (preferred) frontend web development using ReactJS: 2 years (preferred) CSS preprocessors , JS package managers, and task runners: 2 years (preferred) PHP, NodeJS: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID713:
Software development in Unix/Linux Experience with C/C++/Objective C/Swift, Java, Javascript, Python, Perl Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly Ability to follow instructions and work in a team environment as well as work independently Conscientious, detail-oriented and hard-working Knowledge of TCP/IP networking Knowledge of email related protocols, such as SMTP, POP3 and IMAP Knowledge of machine learning, statistics and probability theory Knowldege of big data process – Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Map Reduce 
ScrapedJobID714:
ReactJS React-Native Familiarity with a design tool (Adobe, Figma, Gimp, etc.) HTML/CSS/JS (ideally have experience with Typescript) GraphQL or some other state management tool (Flow, MobX, Redux, etc.) Postgresql Version control (Git) RabbitMQ GoLang Docker Xcode Android studio Experience in Agile Scrum methodology The opportunity to work with some of the best minds in Medicine and AI to attack the most important problems facing our healthcare institutions The chance to see firsthand how your work will affect the outcomes of patients and healthcare providers A competitive salary ($48,530-$100,000) and benefits package A generous vacation policy A wellness stipend to assist with cost associated with fitness (i.e Apple Fitness)/gym memberships etc. A 40 hour work week with a flexible schedule and a remote first environment Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally permitted to work in Canada? ReactJS: 1 year (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) HTML: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID715:
4+ years of hands-on experience with developing web applications 2+ years of AngularJS (1.x) and/or Angular (2+) Advanced knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Working knowledge of OOP, TypeScript and ES6 - working knowledge of responsive development (e.g. Bootstrap and breakpoints) Expert with Less/Sass and Gulp / Grunt Experience with Webpack Experience knowledge of RxJS Experience with testing framework (e.g. Jasmine & Karma) Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering 
ScrapedJobID716:

ScrapedJobID717:
A Bachelor’s Degree in IT. At least 7 years of experience in development, integration or architecture using Java/JEE technologies in a business environment. Good knowledge of the following technologies: Java Enterprise Edition (JEE), Eclipse/IntelliJ/Netbeans, Spring, Apache Tomcat, JBoss, WebSphere, Camel, SOAP, REST, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, OSGI, Servlet, EJB, XML. Good knowledge of one or more of the following databases: Oracle, DB2, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLServer, and NoSQL. The market’s most competitive compensation plan. A 35-hour workweek. Fully-paid overtime. A group insurance program, fully paid by the employer. RRSP contributions up to 5%. A minimum of 4 weeks of vacation in addition to two weeks during the Christmas holiday period and two statutory holidays for Easter. A Christmas party and extraordinary corporate activities, such as go-karting, a snowmobile trips, etc. $500 allowance for sports activities to help you stay healthy and in shape. A bonus upon obtaining online certifications according to objectives. A $3000 referral bonus should your candidate be successfully hired. 
ScrapedJobID718:
Analyze 3rd party API documentation and endpoints Write code for app schedule and attendee data Use Git / Bitbucket for version control of our apps Implement client change requests Collect statistics and data for clients Support Producers on technical calls with clients Provide client support in the form of onsite or on call support Attend cross-functional meetings, scrum and standups Set up 3rd party applications to integrate with our projects Opportunity to grow as a backend developer and work on our API Opportunity to learn new languages such as Python and contribute to our growing microservices architecture Take part in weekly architectural meetings, learn from our EB technical experts and contribute your ideas to the future of our platform 1-3 years in Backend Web Development. Exceptional recent grads are highly encouraged to apply. Bsc. in Comp. Sci or equivalent degree or experience Possess technical skills in SQL, databases and data manipulation or the aptitude to learn these tools Knowledge of programming in PHP is a plus A real interest in mobile app technology and/or project management Proven ability to multitask, prioritize and meet deadlines Ability to thrive in an exciting environment where change is the only constant Superb attention to detail Self-motivated Teammate with a “can-do” attitude A dream to work on the edge of creativity and learn new technologies Any experience with Python is a plus 
ScrapedJobID719:
Evolve within a devOps team Conduct design, development, code reviews and resolve production issues Strong empathy with customer situation Be responsible for features from development to production Participate at doing faster release Improve the product Documentation. Very good knowledge of Node.js development Good knowledge of unit test libraries (Mocha-Chai-Jest) Good knowledge of TypeScript Experience in ReactJs web development. Experience with non-relational databases (NoSQL) Good knowledge of UML diagrams Experience in agile development and Scrum/Kanban methodology Experience with micro-service architecture Experience with cloud based development/serverless Experience with Test-Driven-Development. Excellent communication and ownership skills Should be highly adaptive to ensure product and organizational agility. Team Player Curiosity Listening and empathy Autonomy Willingness to learn and work on new technologies. At least 7 years Bachelor or master degree in SW, IT or computer science Bilingual. A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation A 12-minute walk from Du College metro station. 
ScrapedJobID720:
Design, build, test, implement and maintain software solutions while ensuring reliability and scalability all while following the software development lifecycle. Develop software code using object-oriented programming languages. Code is written with more consideration of the business impact. Responsible for maintaining and reviewing code. Work with internal teams (including Project Management, Business Analysis, DevOps and Quality Assurance) to ensure code and applications are being designed and delivered as per customer expectations and requirements. Maintain technical documentation to assist with maintenance and upgrades. Analyze, investigate, and solve technical problems associated with code and applications and recommend improvements. And minimize disruptions and impacts to customers and other team members. May be involved in planning and deployment. BSc. degree in Computer Science or related technical field. 3-5 years of Software Development / engineering related work experience Proficient in one or more codes bases (C#, .NET frameworks, Angular, etc.) Familiarity with writing and consuming API’s Working knowledge of most of the following: Azure Dev Ops, SQL Scripting for MS SQL, GIT, CSS & .Less and JavaScript Demonstrated ability to write simple and/or routine code Experience using database views, stored procedures, triggers and user-defined data types (UDT) 
ScrapedJobID721:
Software development in Unix/Linux Experience with C/C++/Objective C/Swift, Java, Javascript, Python, Perl Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly Ability to follow instructions and work in a team environment as well as work independently Conscientious, detail-oriented and hard-working Knowledge of TCP/IP networking Knowledge of email related protocols, such as SMTP, POP3 and IMAP Knowledge of machine learning, statistics and probability theory Knowldege of big data process – Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Map Reduce 
ScrapedJobID722:
ReactJS React-Native Familiarity with a design tool (Adobe, Figma, Gimp, etc.) HTML/CSS/JS (ideally have experience with Typescript) GraphQL or some other state management tool (Flow, MobX, Redux, etc.) Postgresql Version control (Git) RabbitMQ GoLang Docker Xcode Android studio Experience in Agile Scrum methodology The opportunity to work with some of the best minds in Medicine and AI to attack the most important problems facing our healthcare institutions The chance to see firsthand how your work will affect the outcomes of patients and healthcare providers A competitive salary ($48,530-$100,000) and benefits package A generous vacation policy A wellness stipend to assist with cost associated with fitness (i.e Apple Fitness)/gym memberships etc. A 40 hour work week with a flexible schedule and a remote first environment Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally permitted to work in Canada? ReactJS: 1 year (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) HTML: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID723:
4+ years of hands-on experience with developing web applications 2+ years of AngularJS (1.x) and/or Angular (2+) Advanced knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Working knowledge of OOP, TypeScript and ES6 - working knowledge of responsive development (e.g. Bootstrap and breakpoints) Expert with Less/Sass and Gulp / Grunt Experience with Webpack Experience knowledge of RxJS Experience with testing framework (e.g. Jasmine & Karma) Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering 
ScrapedJobID724:

ScrapedJobID725:
A Bachelor’s Degree in IT. At least 7 years of experience in development, integration or architecture using Java/JEE technologies in a business environment. Good knowledge of the following technologies: Java Enterprise Edition (JEE), Eclipse/IntelliJ/Netbeans, Spring, Apache Tomcat, JBoss, WebSphere, Camel, SOAP, REST, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, OSGI, Servlet, EJB, XML. Good knowledge of one or more of the following databases: Oracle, DB2, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLServer, and NoSQL. The market’s most competitive compensation plan. A 35-hour workweek. Fully-paid overtime. A group insurance program, fully paid by the employer. RRSP contributions up to 5%. A minimum of 4 weeks of vacation in addition to two weeks during the Christmas holiday period and two statutory holidays for Easter. A Christmas party and extraordinary corporate activities, such as go-karting, a snowmobile trips, etc. $500 allowance for sports activities to help you stay healthy and in shape. A bonus upon obtaining online certifications according to objectives. A $3000 referral bonus should your candidate be successfully hired. 
ScrapedJobID726:
Analyze 3rd party API documentation and endpoints Write code for app schedule and attendee data Use Git / Bitbucket for version control of our apps Implement client change requests Collect statistics and data for clients Support Producers on technical calls with clients Provide client support in the form of onsite or on call support Attend cross-functional meetings, scrum and standups Set up 3rd party applications to integrate with our projects Opportunity to grow as a backend developer and work on our API Opportunity to learn new languages such as Python and contribute to our growing microservices architecture Take part in weekly architectural meetings, learn from our EB technical experts and contribute your ideas to the future of our platform 1-3 years in Backend Web Development. Exceptional recent grads are highly encouraged to apply. Bsc. in Comp. Sci or equivalent degree or experience Possess technical skills in SQL, databases and data manipulation or the aptitude to learn these tools Knowledge of programming in PHP is a plus A real interest in mobile app technology and/or project management Proven ability to multitask, prioritize and meet deadlines Ability to thrive in an exciting environment where change is the only constant Superb attention to detail Self-motivated Teammate with a “can-do” attitude A dream to work on the edge of creativity and learn new technologies Any experience with Python is a plus 
ScrapedJobID727:
Evolve within a devOps team Conduct design, development, code reviews and resolve production issues Strong empathy with customer situation Be responsible for features from development to production Participate at doing faster release Improve the product Documentation. Very good knowledge of Node.js development Good knowledge of unit test libraries (Mocha-Chai-Jest) Good knowledge of TypeScript Experience in ReactJs web development. Experience with non-relational databases (NoSQL) Good knowledge of UML diagrams Experience in agile development and Scrum/Kanban methodology Experience with micro-service architecture Experience with cloud based development/serverless Experience with Test-Driven-Development. Excellent communication and ownership skills Should be highly adaptive to ensure product and organizational agility. Team Player Curiosity Listening and empathy Autonomy Willingness to learn and work on new technologies. At least 7 years Bachelor or master degree in SW, IT or computer science Bilingual. A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation A 12-minute walk from Du College metro station. 
ScrapedJobID728:
Design, build, test, implement and maintain software solutions while ensuring reliability and scalability all while following the software development lifecycle. Develop software code using object-oriented programming languages. Code is written with more consideration of the business impact. Responsible for maintaining and reviewing code. Work with internal teams (including Project Management, Business Analysis, DevOps and Quality Assurance) to ensure code and applications are being designed and delivered as per customer expectations and requirements. Maintain technical documentation to assist with maintenance and upgrades. Analyze, investigate, and solve technical problems associated with code and applications and recommend improvements. And minimize disruptions and impacts to customers and other team members. May be involved in planning and deployment. BSc. degree in Computer Science or related technical field. 3-5 years of Software Development / engineering related work experience Proficient in one or more codes bases (C#, .NET frameworks, Angular, etc.) Familiarity with writing and consuming API’s Working knowledge of most of the following: Azure Dev Ops, SQL Scripting for MS SQL, GIT, CSS & .Less and JavaScript Demonstrated ability to write simple and/or routine code Experience using database views, stored procedures, triggers and user-defined data types (UDT) 
ScrapedJobID729:
Personally Identifiable Information: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID730:
Day shift Monday to Friday PeopleSoft: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID731:
Working with Project Manager to define future requirements and define logical system design for each piece of development Working with staff to define any new application requirements and define the logical system design for each development Managing the programming of the application Monitoring and maintaining the application performance Managing the programming of the development request Attending meetings to understand nature of business relationship and integration needs Mapping out process flows and defining logical system design for integration Providing backup support for all network functions Post-secondary diploma or degree in IT, computer systems or technology 5+ years development experience programming with .NET (C#) and TSQL Proficiency in .NET Core, & MSSQL Experience with SSRS, Kendo UI, Azure Devops an asset Knowledge of HTML 5 & Typescript an asset Familiarity with and sound understanding of OO design patterns including MVVM Experience writing unit tests/mocking Ability to work independently and as part of a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Telephone: (416) 307-3300 (please ask to speak to a Human Resources representative) Mail: 200 Bay Street, North Tower, Suite 2600, Toronto, ON M5J 2J2 Fax: (416) 981-7214 Bonus pay Overtime pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Are you proficient in .NET Core, & MSSQL? Explain Software development: 5 years (preferred) programming with .NET (C#) and TSQL: 5 years (preferred) SSRS, Kendo UI, Azure Devops: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID732:
3 years or more experience in front-end programming Mastering HTML5 and CSS3 in responsive web Mastering CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Fundation Good knowledge of PHP Creative and curious Rigorous and strategic Analytical skills Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to express ideas clearly and accurately Collaborative and proactive Ability to solve problems Organized and have excellent work techniques Develop and integrate Web features related to the established user experience Design and implement web pages using best practices in UX/UI, SEO and mobile Participate in creating landing pages for digital campaigns Provide estimates for web development efforts in collaboration with multiple teams Diagnose and solve technical problems Work in collaboration with a multidisciplinary team (web strategist, graphic designer, backend developer) Participate in the realization of functional tests Identify possible solutions for moderately complex situations, evaluate them and make a decision in partnership with the team Keep up to date on Web and emerging technologies. Support the start of production. 
ScrapedJobID733:
At least 3 years of native Android development experience . 6 years total experience Extremely comfortable with understanding and implementing internet application with REST services at the backend Super awesome with Android concepts like fragments, location services, Google Cloud Messaging API, UI transitions, Image processing and multi-threaded communications, among others Familiarity with continuous integration (Jenkins), application monitoring (Crashlytics and fabric.io), mocking tools (Appium and Apiary), build tool development and enhancements, using unit testing and cucumber tests for functional tests Extremely comfortable with understanding and implementing client-side handlers for web services with REST services at the backend Knowledge in Android Studio and GitHub is a huge plus Experience with Cucumber testing framework desired B.S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science is desired B.Tech/B.E. (Computers) 
ScrapedJobID734:
Utilize HTML/CSS and email marketing best practices to create and code interactive experiences for email. Develop/modify email templates and existing campaigns. Contribute to the continued modernization and evolution of the brand. Apply the best practices in email development, email compliance regulations, and accessibility. Set up, test, and launch complex email campaigns with dynamic content, and SMS messaging. Execute email campaigns with a heavy emphasis on customer segmentation, testing protocol, and technical execution. Perform QA. Ensure identical rendering across browsers, ESPs, and devices. Troubleshoot HTML, CSS, and other performance issues. Proactively work with teammates to improve processes and work methods for greater efficiency. Perform coding and database maintenance tasks as required. Relevant email development work experience. Advanced knowledge and understanding of HTML/CSS. Proficient in responsive email design and front-end development. Experience with JavaScript, Adobe Creative Suite, and Salesforce Marketing Cloud (formerly ExactTarget). Working knowledge of SQL and AMPscript is a huge plus. Preferably with Liquid, Google Analytics, MJML experience, but not required Knowledgeable of email compliance regulations. Familiarity with email marketing and marketing automation technology. Testing Coding QA Communication Skills Project Management Multitasker Collaborative Skills Currently working remotely Future opportunities to build working remotely into the employment norms Flexible Sick day policy Sponsored Time off for the Holidays Family First Philosophy Casual Dress Code* Flexible working hours Training & Development Budget Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Secondary School (required) email development: 3 years (required) English (required) 
ScrapedJobID735:
HTML, CSS, Javascript (ES6) Object oriented web programming like Ruby on Rails Using relational databases like Postgres Confident with the Unix shell Comfortable writing tests, in particular rspec Confidence when justifying decisions Empathy when listening to other opinions Scrum and agile development Vue.js Redis Test automation and Selenium Database organization and optimization Docker and Kubernetes Continuous integration and Configuration management User Experience design and research An inclusive, fun workplace filled with fantastic colleagues. We’re a certified B-Corporation and our team is passionate about making a positive difference (and also about food!) The ability to work from home or from our HQ located in beautiful East Vancouver Competitive pay and bonuses, as well as the opportunity to participate in our Employee Stock Option Plan. Comprehensive health benefits (including medical, dental, vision and life-insurance) after 90 days of successful employment. Free food! A Fresh Prep meal plan for 2 meals per week and sample meals from our test kitchen at our HQ! 
ScrapedJobID736:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Have you living locally for at least 2 years? PHP: 4 years (preferred) Yii: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID737:
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with Public Sector governance methodologies (e.g. UPM, architecture gating) Ability to work with minimal supervision in an agile environment, be an effective communicator with other team members and the business owners. Demonstrated experience in architecting, design, and building of dynamic, real-time analytics pipelines and dashboards using visualization tools such as PowerBI Demonstrated experience in design and development of ETL (Extract, transform, load) processes, and validating data sources 10+ years of experience with developing code in SQL and Azure SQL, T-SQL, Azure Streaming Analytics SQL In-depth knowledge of Azure PaaS data services such as Azure SQL Database, Data Lake Store (Gen 2), Data Factory Review and understand code and architecture of the existing code, and make updates as required to ensure the code is modular and can support scalability requirements Code enhancements to existing features and new features as per approved requirements and design direction Provide realistic work estimates to support project planning; capture business requirements and update business rules based on the requirements Use structured methodologies, design best practices, implement code that is of quality, and clearly documented. The application should function as required, without any defects. The application must operate with the Operating System (OS) and other peripherals as identified Create custom reports as required, applying Microsoft Technologies Conduct testing, integration, and deployment of the developed changes across the environment Review, analyze and recommend solutions to any defects discovered in production Fully document all developed code, and transition in a steady state to a full-time resource. 10+ years of experience with developing code in SQL and Azure SQL, T-SQL, Azure Streaming Analytics SQL In-depth knowledge of Azure PaaS data services such as Azure SQL Database, Data Lake Store (Gen 2), Data Factory In-depth knowledge of on-premise SQL Server In-depth knowledge of Azure PaaS data streaming services such as Azure Event Hub, Streaming Analytics Familiar with SSAS Partitioning Demonstrated experience with power query/power pivot, and being able to combine datasets from different sources Writing Python and SQL script for custom Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) installations Demonstrated experience with Datafactory, On-Premise data gateway Familiar with PowerBI best practices Experience with and knowledge of UI Design Principles Experience in SOAP and REST web services for processing real-time data streams Demonstrated experience in enabling role-based security in the reports by restricting access to information (record-based access) and reports Demonstrated experience with deployment of Report into Azure infrastructure. Demonstrated ability to translate complex business requirements into technical solutions Analytical mind with a problem-solving aptitude 10+ years of technical data warehousing experience with a focus in the design and development of Business Intelligence Experience with Azure Analysis Services / SSAS (tabular/multidimensional), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Power BI End to end management of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) Developing process models and ongoing analysis of program effectiveness for Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD), Demonstrated experience in design and data modeling of data warehouse (e.g. dimensional modeling), data cubes, tabular models to support reporting, both ad-hoc and “canned” reports. Demonstrated experience in design and development of data models for OLTP (On-line Transaction Processing) and OLAP (On-line Analytical Processing) environments based on industry best practices. Demonstrated experience in design and development of ETL (Extract, transform, load) processes, and validating data sources Demonstrated experience in design and development of visualizations for various reports/dashboards including near real-time to be shared with both B2B and B2C Demonstrated experience in architecting, design, and building of dynamic, real-time analytics pipelines and dashboards using visualization tools such as PowerBI Demonstrated experience in building and deploying Mobile dashboards Strong verbal and written communication skills that enable to effectively communicate ideas and concepts. Strong Interpersonal and negotiation skills. Writing Business Requirements Document, Data Sharing Agreements, Strong consulting skills to engage with all stakeholders, lead meetings with internal and external clients to gather and document business requirements. Ability to work with minimal supervision in an agile environment, be an effective communicator with other team members and the business owners. A demonstrated team player with a proven track record for meeting deadlines Demonstrated experience in creating of conceptual, logical, and physical data documentation for knowledge retention and transfer. Experience in working on multi-year projects Experience with building enterprise level reporting solutions that protect high-sensitive information Demonstrated knowledge and experience with Public Sector governance methodologies (e.g. UPM, architecture gating) Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID738:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 3+ years professional experience in CMS and/or web development with languages and environments such as JAVA or AEM Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (after Covid - we're all grounded for now) Passion for what you do Work as part of the team to consult with clients, build relationships, discuss requirements, and lend your expertise Develop innovative solutions in a collaborative team environment - delivering not only what’s asked for, but going beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work with new and existing websites to build reusable and modular web pages / features Develop and replicate design patterns Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Perform accessibility testing along with cross-browser and device testing A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, but work on enterprise grade projects Full health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID739:
Remote IT support with our clients Coding in Dart every day (a language similar to C, C#, Swift, Java, Typescript, etc), as well as occasionally Javascript, PHP, HTML, and CSS Working with our team of designers and animators to produce stunning HD digital signage content in HTML Troubleshooting content display issues and making code updates. Adding to and augmenting security on all levels of our platform Database management, both NoSql and MySql Helping optimize backend and frontend systems to scale Creating a stunning and responsive web application Building and maintaining Flutter applications for mobile and web Working with (or building) a variety of third-party RESTful APIs Contributing to our code libraries and internal tools Server updates, enhancements, and maintenance Research, architecture, and planning Minimum 3 years related experience Bachelor's of Computer Science or equivalent experience Expertise in Object Oriented & Class Based Programming in Dart or a Dart-like language Strong understanding of HTML and CSS Ability to bring static designs to life with code Experience in web security and database management Monday to Friday Have you coded in Dart? How comfortable are you troubleshooting technical challenges over the phone? Yes 
ScrapedJobID740:
8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) .NET: 1 year (preferred) .NET Core: 1 year (preferred) ActiveMQ: 1 year (preferred) PL/SQL: 1 year (preferred) Python: 1 year (preferred) RESTful: 1 year (preferred) Jenkins: 1 year (preferred) TDD: 1 year (preferred) Azure: 1 year (preferred) capital markets: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID741:
10 years of software development experience either in JAVA or .NEt Strong experience developing in JavaScript, jQuery and other popular JS frameworks and libraries, including HTML5 and CSS3 Experience with planning and developing API endpoints Experience using OAuth standard Experience with client and server side NODEJS Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID742:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID743:
Performing "greenfield" development of new software solutions. applications to support staff and customer users; Maintaining and extending existing libraries, applications and services; Creating programs to interoperate with proprietary systems such as networking equipment and television content providers; Perform code reviews and work with other developers to ensure the best solution is used; Contributing to the overall architecture and design of our software ecosystem. You have experience building web applications with VueJS or similar front-end web frameworks; You have experience building web applications with Python; You stay up-to-date with the latest technologies and best practices and desire to share knowledge with others; You are passionate about writing clean, maintainable code. Pyramid VueJS SQLAlchemy Postgres HTML, CSS, Javascript A rewarding role with opportunities to see yourself and the company grow. A comprehensive and competitive benefits program, including Health, Dental & Vision Coverage, Travel Insurance, our Taxable/Lifestyle Spending Account, a Health Care Spending Account, and an Employee Assistance Program. Lively company culture including regular social events, and a casual dress code. We've gone virtual to keep our staff safe and to stay connected! Once we're back in the office you'll have a grocery-stocked kitchen, and monthly staff lunches provided by local businesses to look forward to! Company-paid training, and continued education allowance. An open concept office space in Liberty Village with a fantastic view of the city. Opportunities to give back to our community through numerous fundraisers and charitable events. Did we mention our office is dog friendly? Our Chief Snuggle Officer, Beans, can't wait to work with you! Team Player: Works well as a member of a group Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization Peer Recognition: Inspired to perform well by the praise of coworkers Work-Life Balance: Inspired to perform well by having ample time to pursue work and interests outside of work 
ScrapedJobID744:
Bachelors degree with 8-12 years of relevant experience. Java 8: spring boot, spring REST data, Spring Cloud, openfeign Angular or React development DevOps: CI/CD & test automation. Gradle, GIT, JIRA , Bitbucket, Jenkins SonarQube, Splunk Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID745:
End-to-end development of software systems from architecture and design through development to deployments and maintenance. Provides input to the technology leadership, project management and account teams to define deliverables and timelines. Experiment with and evaluate new technologies 3-5 years developing website and web applications Extensive experience with modern HTML, JavaScript, and CSS Hands-on experience of node.js, React/Angular or other modern JavaScript technologies Applied knowledge of web and mobile development best practices Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Understanding of programming fundamentals and development process and strategies (ie: software development models, database systems, TDD, unit tests, domain driven design, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Team orientation and sparkling interpersonal skills Postsecondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, the Sciences or Mathematics. Experience with continuous deployment tools We expect all of our developers to be exceptionally proficient at coding. As a self-check, you should be able to do the following questions in your sleep using your favourite programming language. Reverse a simple words-only sentence ("bob likes dogs" -> "dogs likes bob") Write jQuery code to log the value of a select element every time it changes. 
ScrapedJobID746:

ScrapedJobID747:
WORK REMOTELY Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5) Team spirit Good problem-solving skills Bonus pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift What is your status of stay in Canada ? Expected Salary in CAD/year ? Python: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID748:
Employee assistance program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Front-end development: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID749:
Develop and deliver high performance, highly available and sustainable real time, front office and back office applications. Contribute to the overall and detailed design and development of the multi-tier trading applications working with distributed external systems and clients. Work with Development Manager to understand requirements, architecture, design, schedule and the overall solution. Conduct / participate in code reviews, identify language related problems and performance issues, provide feedback and corrections related to online documentation, evaluate code compliance to enterprise and project standards. Provide second level of support as required. Preparation of standard application technical, operational / procedural documentation for development team, users and technical support staff University degree in computer science or an equivalent combination of education and work experience. Solid understanding of Java and Object-Oriented Programming Good understanding of SQL, databases and Linux. Organized, focused and persistent – ability to work to the plan and meet delivery dates. Excellent interpersonal skills, strong and proficient verbal / written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID750:
At least 3 years of professional experience in software engineering, including some experience with consumer web apps Experience developing, and implementing product features and improvements .Net experience preferred Familiarity with backend engineering techniques Excited to explore technologies, develop new skills, and share knowledge Flexible, pragmatic, and oriented toward finding solutions Experience working with microservice architecture a plus Familiarity with GraphQL a plus Ability to work with a distributed team (Toronto, New York City, Salt Lake City, Ukraine) Communicative, collaborative, and open-minded, with a track record of working cross-functionally 
ScrapedJobID751:
Collaborate with key business users to identify business needs and drive detailed technical requirements; Develop Data and Business Models to support BI professional services; Develop Reports and Dashboards; Create and maintain data dictionary and related documentation; Perform data validation and testing; Create and Deliver BI training material to customers; Provide BI support to our Customer Care (support) and Cloud Teams; Provide BI support level III; Acquire a strong understanding of Tecsys applications. A minimum of 3+ years of relevant experience; Advanced skills in T-SQL and understanding of relational databases such as MS SQL Server & Oracle; Advanced experience with visualization / reporting using Power BI – including the administration of the platform; Strong experience in data modeling using Analysis Services or Power BI and proficiency with DAX language; Experience working in an Agile development environment; Experience working with Microsoft Azure; Experience working in Linux and Windows Server environments; Results-driven person focused on what can be completed, not what can be started; Strong organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills; Experience in Supply Chain business operations and related data analytics; Experience with Java script and Python; Experience working as a scrum master; Experience in developing ETL processes; Self-starter with strong initiative; Bilingual (spoken and written) in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID752:
Capable of becoming a technical resource for the team by being able to quickly learn unfamiliar tools and frameworks on the job Capable of vetting and analyzing different libraries, APIs, and problem-solving approaches to create production quality solutions Communicating with technical and non-technical peers Write documentation to support any code maintenance and technical analysis 3+ years of experience developing in PHP, MySQL, Docker, and Git 1+ years of experience creating custom WordPress Plugins 1+ years of experience developing in Laravel experience developing in Node.js Ability to contribute to Database Architecture Planning Ability to work on a team and independently Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Strong customer service, organizational, and problem-solving skills Magento, Joomla, Drupal experience MongoDB and Python experience Ansible and CodeceptJS experience Experience working with crypto currency payments Experience utilizing natural language machine learning in production Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID753:
Excellent understanding of Java fundamentals, data structures and algorithms. Expertise required in object-oriented design methodology Expertise in Spring and Hibernate/web based technologies Excellent understanding of distributed systems and service-oriented architecture Proven results-oriented person with a focus on delivery in a high-velocity, high-scalability and high-availability environment. Enthusiasm and willingness to learn new technologies and dig into problems Good communication skills 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID754:
Enjoy working in an environment getting high value features in customers' hands quickly Love working with the latest technologies, stacks and engineering concepts Love contributing in all the multiple phases of the product, from requirements, user experience consideration, architecture, implementation to delivery. Work collaboratively with product management and other stakeholders (Backend, UX, etc.) to iterate on new features, contributing to the definition of UX / UI and implementation. Develop and test features and improvements to the boostsecurity.io product in a secure, well-tested, and performant way Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review. Work with minimum supervision on building and testing changes, and bringing features and changes to customers, in production. Improve the overall product experience through evolving the frontend and improving the quality of frontend features. Participate in the Agile - Scrum team process Provide mentorship for junior developers on your team to help them grow in their technical responsibilities and remove blockers to their autonomy. Participate in the frontend sustaining and resolving defects reported internally or from customers. Advanced knowledge of typescript, javascript, ReactJS. Bonus points if you have some GraphQL-foo. You’re a black belt on Angular or Ember, not so much on React, but you’re eager to learn React? That works too! Quality centric: You have demonstrated experience with writing automated tests (eg. Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, AVA, tape). We’re super interested in your experience. A solid understanding of core web and browser concepts (eg. how the browser parses and constructs a web page) as well as of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts. Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment Demonstrated strong communication skills for complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose iterative solutions Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems Comfort working in a highly agile, intensely iterative software development process Positive and solution-oriented mindset with inclination towards communication, inclusion, and visibility Self-motivated and self-driven Share our values, and work in accordance with those values Nest.JS experience or similar framework is a nice plus GraphQL experience Developer platform/tool industry experience Domain knowledge relevant to CI/CD and/or security products Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Front-end development: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID755:
Be a part of a team of developers to design and program high-performance, scalable multi-tiered applications and database solutions Recommend and implement system designs based on long-term IT organization strategy Work closely with business and systems analysts, and QA to develop alternative solutions to meet business needs Analyze production system problems and recommend solutions Investigate and solve production problems with minimal guidance Research and recommend technologies to the team and management to help keep our tech stack up to date Mentor junior team members in good coding practices and new technologies At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework / .NET CORE At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Transact SQL Experience creating backend .Net web services (RESTful APIs) development using C# Understanding of functional and object-oriented programming concepts A mentality of striving to achieve releases early and adding additional functionality to the releases or pushing code early. Highly motivated team player as well as a strong individual contributor Effective verbal and written communications, with an ability to effectively convey information, concepts, and ideas to others Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID756:
Design and develop microservices, large-scale web services, and APIs for an engineering platform - PaaS - Platform-as-a-Service, while using modern software development best practices; Produce clean and efficient code based on a simple development process aimed at reusable, optimal and maintainable solutions that will improve the quality of the platform; Work with the operations team to ensure support of developed applications in all environments; Design and develop the frontend application in micro-frontend architecture for the platform services; Contribute to architecture and design requirements while creating technical documentation with a focus on quality deliverables; Enhance development and build tools and improve items such as CI/CD flows; Write unit and integration tests and participate in code reviews; Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions; Keep up to date with new technologies in the fields of online services, game development and the web in general; Work closely with teammates in the design, coding and review of test plans to contribute to the creation of robust software and promote knowledge sharing. Strong background in software engineering and development and knowledge of the NodeJS language; Experience in web development such as REST, gRPC, CI/CD pipeline, GitLab CI, Spinnaker, experience with Terraform, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes and understanding of object-oriented programming - OOP; Experience in frontend development and experience with React, Preact/Redux, CSS/SCSS as well as knowledge of Design Systems; Experience with Agile development - Scrum and experience working in an Agile and DevOps environment; Ability to make complex information accessible and to communicate easily within distributed teams and excellent communication skills in French and English, both written and oral. 
ScrapedJobID757:
On call Yes 
ScrapedJobID758:
Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID759:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Work with agile team to iteratively deliver production quality components to trading desk Design and implement end-to-end components with a strong sense of scalability, re-usability, and QA Learn new technologies as needed, teach other team members Communicate with traders and desk strategists on new application requests Provide support to trading desk on any application or tradeflow related issues Strong in Java, Spring, JDBC, Hibernate Experience developing WebServices/REST services deployed over Tomcat/Jetty/CXF Multi-threaded & distributed computing experience Web application implementation & n-tier architecture Relational databases and stored procedures OO fundamentals, design patterns, data structures and algorithms Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of professional experiences Working knowledge of Fixed Income products and businesses Experience building applications with HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Angular, Typescript helpful Other web UI frameworks such as React, jQuery, ExtJS Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID760:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science or a related field 7 years front-end experience 2+ years’ experience with React Previous experience in project management and/or leading and empowering teams either as a leader among your peers and/or as a leader of team projects. Applied experience with software engineering best practices (version control, test-driven development, continuous deployment, observability, etc.) Experience making decisions when requirements are uncertain or flexible Strong passion for UX, UI, data and building things Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively articulate complex ideas and concepts Strong technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers A passion for tackling challenging problems Desire to learn, listen to feedback, and grow professionally Flexible, mission-oriented mindset, being open to ideas (and willing to bring your own ideas) that can produce better overall results for the company Strong logical and analytical skills Strong creative, visual-design and problem-solving skills - comfortable with UI design, production techniques as well as developing and implementing new algorithms and transforming hard problems into solvable, maintainable code and APIs Software engineering best practices, including test-driven development, version control, continuous deployment, and observability Typescript React GraphQL Docker Kubernetes PostgreSQL MongoDB Define, develop and maintain web services APIs Develop cloud software services Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Work as part of a team to build services, deliver features, fix bugs, and support our products through the entire software lifecycle Make architecture and design decisions, collaborating with teammates both within and outside of the Engineering department Follow through with tasks and activities, while keeping stakeholders in the loop and well informed Generate new ideas on how to improve our products, processes, and culture Any other duties commensurate with the role. Make a difference – Your work will have an impact from day 1. Work/Life balance – Flexible hours, get stuff done and still have a full life outside of work. Work hard / Play hard – Get the job done while sharing laughs with co-workers. Wear many hats – As part of a small company, you’ll have the chance to contribute in many different areas. Friday lunches – Sit down with the entire company, including the CEO, for a remote catered lunch every second Friday. Tight-knit team – We support each other at work and outside of work. Every opinion is valued – Even students can challenge the CEO. Growth – Be a key player in a constantly growing company, grow your career along with the company! Make manufacturing better – From medical equipment to sustainable tea, help the world be more productive. Quarterly bonuses based on company performance with option to receive bonus in stocks. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Bachelor's Degree (required) Front-end development: 7 years (required) React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID761:
A diverse team of colleagues with multiple fields of expertise A stimulating and flexible working environment Comprehensive health and dental plan that is 100% employer paid effective on your first day Emphasis on work life balance, providing wellness benefits, health resources and fitness center discounts An organization where we encourage personal learning, growth and giving back to our communities MAAX – The most advanced health benefit management solution in Canada – we are definitely proud Mobile – Leading edge cloud integrated mobile solutions for all our client needs Enterprise Analytics and Reporting – Always-on decision support and awareness Broad integration services and API’s serving our clients, partners and providers 2 or more years experience building enterprise grade or web-scale software using Java and Open Source technologies You have earned a post-secondary diploma or degree and/or relevant working experience in business, technology or engineering Strong conceptualization ability, excellent ability to translate abstract ideas into working, high quality code Highly collaborative and capable of working in a fast paced and dynamic team environment Develop and maintain applications using Java (Spring Framework), Oracle, XML, JSON, Junit and numerous JavaScript libraries such as Node.js, Vue.js, Angular.js Participating in design and code reviews with a focus on ensuring your solutions are high quality, secure, reliable and performant Strong collaboration skills demonstrated through the ability to work effectively with stakeholders, quality control analysts and security experts, as examples Support continuous improvement and adoption of best practices including Lean Agile, DevOps, Continuous Delivery Pipeline, and ITIL. Staying up to date with new technologies and suggesting feasible ways to make use of them through your advanced mentorship and knowledge sharing skills Enterprise integration patterns using REST Containerization and Orchestration (Docker/Kubernetes) Public/Private cloud Continuous integration and delivery Build automation & deployment Agile practices and tools Quality control Operational excellence Feature driven development Cybersecurity and threat assessment 
ScrapedJobID762:
Design, develop and implement detailed functional test plans, cases, and automated scripts as per product specification(s) for internal and external projects/engagements; trace requirements to tests Leverage a wide range of testing methodologies to thoroughly test features, functions, performance, etc. Document and analyze test results; investigate and discover quality issues and recommend solutions – execute as required Support website and web-based analytics application builds as needed Work in collaboration with team members across disciplines to incorporate business requirements, user experience, user interface design, client- based analyses, etc. into test plans, test cases and/or website/web-analytic builds Identify potential implementation issues and recommend technological/process improvements Develop quality assurance approach and comprehensive testing structures with forward-looking considerations Produce technical reports and documentations A Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or similar technical field of study and/or equivalent practical experience Experience in designing highly effective test plans and test cycles Proficiency in combining UI technologies (eg. JavaScript, CSS, HTML) Experience with automated testing applications (eg. Postman) Quick to adopt new tools, systems, and programming languages Ability to see big picture while paying close attention to details Strong planning, organizational, and analytical skills Ability to perform in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment – independently & collaboratively in a team Highly self-motivated with a strong desire to learn and stay abreast of data analytics/insights, business intelligence, and artificial intelligence technology developments and standards Excellent oral and written communication skills; proficient in document and report writing Passionate and enthusiastic for innovation in the tech industry Familiar with modern web programming technologies (eg. ReactJS, Angular, Vue) and/or data analytics tools (eg. RStudio, Jupyter) with the ability to perform data analytics and draw insights Familiar with scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures and algorithms Understanding of digital advertising; some prior experience with advertising platforms and tools such as Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, etc. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID763:
Web Development using ASP.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, .NET Core/(MVC/MVVM), Ajax, Razor, REST, Typescript, SignalR Complex data analysis utilizing MS-SQL Enterprise Applications using .NET, WinForms, .NET Core Reporting tools, using RDLC, Crystal, SSRS and custom technologies Mapping Applications and tools utilizing Google and BING Map APIs, MapBasic and Open Street Maps. Mobile Applications, - Xamarin, Native Android/IOS API Development and Communications (Custom, Azure, AWS, etc.) Salesforce - Visualforce, Lightning Web Components, general environment Machine Learning and advanced data analytics UI/UX Design Fast moving environment with a variety of projects and technologies to work with in an interactive team based environment. Flexible Hours with a focus on delivering objectives not watching the clock. Our current environment has the team working remotely with the option to work in the office if desired. We'd like to see people back to the office at some point, however, our remote office solution has been working nicely for many so it won't be enforced. Involvement in all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle potentially taking on different roles for different projects. Mentoring within the team. Weekly status meetings, bi-weekly code share meetings. Learning from your peers and sharing your knowledge as well. High Standards. Our clients demand them, we strive to exceed their expectations. Genuine interest and curiosity in all things technical Aptitude and desire to learn a wide variety of environments. Honesty in your work and interactions with others. Ability and desire to dig in and solve challenging problems. Desire to work in a team environment 
ScrapedJobID764:
Convert the functional requirement into ETL solution and technical design and produce ETL mapping documents and technical design document Perform PoC before adopting a solution and work with solution architecture team to finalize the solution approach Develop the ETL code & necessary SQL Scripts according to the specifications and preparation of unit test cases Develop DS Wrapper Unix scripts to invoke the Datastage job UAT batch executions and gather stats/test results Participate in the UAT meetings and resolve any issues that arises and drive the project to closure Prod readiness and cut over activities and GO LIVE and provide warranty support after production deployment Plan and transfer knowledge to production support and guide and coach junior team members Extensive coding experience with Datastage ETL tools and schedule datastage jobs in micro batches Strong experience with RDBMS, SQL specifically with MSSQL Server Good experience in UNIX command line and shell scripting Coding experience with event platform (Kafka) , API and mainframe and familiarity with cloud concepts Experience with DevOps tools and technologies A solid track record of accomplishments in systems design, deployment, troubleshooting, and tuning A minimum of 8 years of application instrumentation systems design, deployment and support experience is required Understanding of CDC technologies like SQData and Qlik Replicate Experience in working an agile environment Work experience with financial organization A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Opportunities to do challenging work Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
ScrapedJobID765:
Bachelor's degree required in Data Analytics, Software Engineering or Computer Science 4 - 6 years relevant experience Excellent written and verbal English Data architecture across SQL databases and various NoSQL formats Assist in creating a warehouse/lake for integrated (but anonymous) analysis Assist in database architecture for existing and new products Tuning and monitoring MSSQL databases Analyzing execution plans and statistics to identify performance issues Writing / modifying existing procedures, scripts and indexes to reduce bottlenecks Creating and maintaining indexes and maintenance plans Tuning and training AI models for consumption Sentiment analysis and data classification Explore bringing anomaly detection and data clustering into existing applications Knowledge of Azure, including deployments, scaling, monitoring and maintenance Experience/knowledge in other tech stacks (front end, C#, etc...) Azure MSSQL C# (Core and Framework) Javascript (no frameworks) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Why is LEARNstyle the right fit for you? Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID766:
Convert the functional requirement into ETL solution and technical design and produce ETL mapping documents and technical design document Perform PoC before adopting a solution and work with solution architecture team to finalize the solution approach Develop the ETL code & necessary SQL Scripts according to the specifications and preparation of unit test cases Develop DS Wrapper Unix scripts to invoke the Datastage job UAT batch executions and gather stats/test results Participate in the UAT meetings and resolve any issues that arises and drive the project to closure Prod readiness and cut over activities and GO LIVE and provide warranty support after production deployment Plan and transfer knowledge to production support and guide and coach junior team members Extensive coding experience with Datastage ETL tools and schedule datastage jobs in micro batches Strong experience with RDBMS, SQL specifically with MSSQL Server Good experience in UNIX command line and shell scripting Coding experience with event platform (Kafka) , API and mainframe and familiarity with cloud concepts Experience with DevOps tools and technologies A solid track record of accomplishments in systems design, deployment, troubleshooting, and tuning A minimum of 8 years of application instrumentation systems design, deployment and support experience is required Understanding of CDC technologies like SQData and Qlik Replicate Experience in working an agile environment Work experience with financial organization A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Opportunities to do challenging work Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
ScrapedJobID767:
Bachelor's degree required in Data Analytics, Software Engineering or Computer Science 4 - 6 years relevant experience Excellent written and verbal English Data architecture across SQL databases and various NoSQL formats Assist in creating a warehouse/lake for integrated (but anonymous) analysis Assist in database architecture for existing and new products Tuning and monitoring MSSQL databases Analyzing execution plans and statistics to identify performance issues Writing / modifying existing procedures, scripts and indexes to reduce bottlenecks Creating and maintaining indexes and maintenance plans Tuning and training AI models for consumption Sentiment analysis and data classification Explore bringing anomaly detection and data clustering into existing applications Knowledge of Azure, including deployments, scaling, monitoring and maintenance Experience/knowledge in other tech stacks (front end, C#, etc...) Azure MSSQL C# (Core and Framework) Javascript (no frameworks) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Why is LEARNstyle the right fit for you? Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID768:
Develop fast, flexible, and well-designed web services to power consumer facing websites Build efficient data sharing systems, involving internal and external API’s & services Design high performance database schemas, and write efficient SQL Analyze technical specification documents and build integrations to match Evaluate sources of technical data, photos, and videos, and create new web services to expose them Support front-end developers by building required server-side components, and designing clear API’s Work closely with analysts and dev-ops personnel to continuously add new features and refine existing systems. Expert knowledge of PHP & SQL Experience with REST, JSON, and SOAP/XML based web services Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, and software architecture concepts Experience with revision control systems such as GIT Solid understanding of Apache, Mysql, and Linux web hosting environments Good code testing & debugging skills, with a strong attention to detail A positive and professional attitude, strong personal organization skills, and the ability to work within a diverse team environment Experience with the rust programming language Experience with PHP or Python frameworks, such as Laravel, Django Experience with front-end web development Familiarity with JS, CSS, and build & automation tools Familiarity with network architecture, hosting infrastructure, and database replication Experience or interest in the following would also be considered an asset: automotive industry, intranet and CRM applications The chance to work at an innovative, award winning agency. We know when to work hard and play hard. We work in a space where our creative minds run free. We have each other’s back, through thick and thin. Our clients trust and believe in creativity. You’ll find yourself challenged to go beyond your comfort zone. The hours are flexible and you get generous time off during the winter holidays. We’re humbled by the number of talented people who apply to work with us every day. And we thank each and every one of you. Truly. If you have sent us your resume, we have received it. We’ll reach out directly to those we’d like to meet for an interview. Creating meaningful work means embracing different perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based on age, colour, ability, national origin, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. Not only are these provisions protected by provincial and federal law, embracing difference is what makes Cossette what it is—and we wouldn’t have it any other way. We pride ourselves on our inclusive and accessible workplace. If you need any accommodations during the interview process to make it work for you, let us know. 
ScrapedJobID769:
The BI Developer will: Supporting our client’s Business Analysts to build system requirement specifications. Developing the high-level solution design, which meets the system requirements. Work closely with offshore development team. Review coding and testing results produced by offshore development team. Provide direction, coaching and technical leadership guidance to the offshore development teams during application development life cycle Bachelor’s degree in IT or equivalent work experience. Experience in ETL (extract- transform-load) technology – specifically SAS DIS, SAS Enterprise Guide, or IBM DataStage. Strong SQL Skills – Preferably Teradata or Oracle. Stored Procedures (Teradata or Oracle) Strong understanding of Data Warehousing design strategies and best practices Customer Oriented - In-depth experience transforming system requirements into technical requirement; Strong teamwork and communication skills, plus a flexible approach to tasks and the working environment. Application development knowledge DBMS technologies; one or more of the following - Oracle, Teradata, MS SQL Server DBMS and SQL/Stored Procedure knowledge, Working knowledge of Unix or Linux Strong consulting, leadership and interpersonal skills; Ability to stimulate and participate in creative thinking for out-of-the-box solutions Resolving and influencing the positive outcome of conflicting objectives and priorities Ability to effectively communicate, interact with and influence Senior Technical Advisors Willing to learn fast and adapt quickly to change Work effectively within a fast-paced team Strong English written (technical) and verbal communication SAS or IBM DataStage Certification; Real Time or Near Real Time Data Acquisition technologies (e.g. Kafka, or Change Data Capture technologies) Exposure to BI reporting and Analytics tools such as MicroStrategy, Cognos, Webfocus, Microsoft SSAS, SAS, R etc.; Industry best practices in architectural methodologies and standards Industry experience in telecom 
ScrapedJobID770:
Interface with users to develop and document software requirements Develop design concepts, software design and integration of software with electrical, mechanical and control systems Support other software engineers who deploy the software in specific applications Program and integrate assignments involve leading-edge software and hardware technologies including interfacing with PLC’s, PC’s, robotics, motion controllers, vision systems, laser, and other automation controllers Lead and/or contribute to weekly agile meetings reviewing last week’s progress and plan upcoming work. Provide mentorship to other developers Perform reviews of concepts, code and team designs and provide constructive feedback Contribute to software design standards and overall software quality Maintain the technology stack for assigned software products Acquired broad product knowledge to be able to collaborate directly with internal and external stakeholders to solve problems and use the products effectively Strong programming/software development and problem-solving skills Experience with relational and non-relational databases Proven expertise in database design and architecture DBA proficiency for backend development Well versed in Microsoft SQL Server, ASP.Net, C#, JavaScript Exposure to React, AngularJS, D3.js, and/or other JavaScript libraries Familiarity with Agile development practices Experience with software development in a team environment Strong data analytics skills Strong statistical analysis skills Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing A self-starter with the ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision Understanding of automation mechanical, electrical and control systems Knowledge of machine operation, maintenance, service, and troubleshooting. Experience with PLCs and PLC communication Understanding and experience with OPC and industrial networks Exposure and understanding of business intelligence Be a part of a global organization that is a leader in its industry Subsidized breakfast and lunch daily; free gourmet beverages - coffee, tea and hot chocolate. Plus, Treat Day is every other week! Monthly “In-Chair Massage” clinic on-site with a Registered Massage Therapist Ability to participate in a variety of charitable events Social Club that offers BBQs and other social events throughout the year Work with other bright, talented people and discover opportunities for professional growth And much more! 
ScrapedJobID771:
A minimum of 1 years of relevant experience; Diploma in computer programming or relevant experience. Excellent programming knowledge of PHP, Laravel, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Vue.Js along with other programs related to web development. Proven experience with SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.) and performant database design Understanding of Cross Browsers compatibility Knowledge of Agile methodologies and DevOps techniques and practices. Demonstrate the ability to work within a team. Develop and support SOAP and REST APIs Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Passionate about searching for innovative solutions. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Du Lundi au Vendredi Do you have valid work permit in Canada? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID772:
Learn and apply new technologies Work well in a fast-paced, team environment Solve complex problems Design software using Javascript Proficient in front-end web development, including HTML5, CSS3 3+ years experience with JavaScript 2+ years experience developing with front-end JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or React 2+ years experience developing with Java and PHP Must have experience using Git or another version control system in a team setting Central location in downtown Toronto Forward thinking company that is pushing the boundaries of technology Excellent growth opportunity Daytime hours Monday to Friday On the TTC line Excellent Benefits 
ScrapedJobID773:
Minimum 4 years experience in Python development College or University Degree in Computer Science or related field Experience with Django / Flask / Pyramid frameworks Experience with both SQL and NoSQL databases. Full-stack skills is an asset: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript. Good social and teamwork skills Positive attitude towards technical challenges Quick learner Ability to think out of the box Ability to work in a multidisciplinary environment Great Attitude! 
ScrapedJobID774:
Develop, maintain, optimize, and enhance websites (HTML, CSS, JS) and web applications (.NET, etc.) Attention to detail is critical Projects are sometimes fast-paced and constantly evolving, you need to be flexible enough to move with the changing requirements Design, develop and test programs of average to high complexity Establish, deliver and refine a roadmap to ensure products remain current, deliver value and supports the needs of stakeholders in terms of scalability, resilience, security capacity, and operational maintenance Consult and collaborate with product owners Facilitates the deployment of applications from development to production B. Sc. Computer Science Degree from a University Front End Development (HTML / CSS / JS) Back End Development Experience (C#, IIS, Java, Perl, Node, etc.) Integrating APIs into Front End Creating Server-Side APIs (using .NET, Node, etc.) Experience with Databases (MySQL, MSSQL, etc.) Front End Frameworks (Angular, React JS, etc.) Deploying on iOS/Android Git for Source Control Experience with Continuous Integration Walking distance from Union Station Medical and Health Benefits to keep you healthy Professional Development Reimbursement Program Work in the comfort of your home. (PJs optional) Social gatherings throughout the year. (when we can) 
ScrapedJobID775:
Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID776:
Developing innovative approaches, techniques, and solutions in the areas of Automation, Performance Engineering, Continuous Testing, Chaos Engineering, Continuous Delivery, Service Virtualization, Shift Left, BDD, TDD, etc. Becoming an expert in testing best practices and developing Infrastructure, API and Load Testing solutions with industry standards and help the team to advance a strong left shift culture Designing and creating robust automated test scripts to simulate our customers use cases and collaborate with the developers to ensure there is sufficient integration and regression test cases. You will establish detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans which are streamlined for automation. Collaborate effectively with peer engineers and architects to solve complex problems spanning their respective areas to deliver end-to-end quality in our technology and customer experience Manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, continually changing environment. Research emerging test tools, trends and methodologies and enhance existing systems and processes. Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer science or related field preferred Must have knowledge and experience working with Docker, Kubernetes, GCP or AWS 3+ years' experience in QA role with automation responsibilities Experience using tools, frameworks, and languages like JavaScript, Python, Java, Cypress, Cucumber, Mocha, JMeter, Jenkins, GitHUB, New Relic, etc. Must have previous hands-on experience implementing an automation framework of front-end, back-end, Load testing and REST API services/applications You have excellent communication skills and the ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences You're a team player as well as self-starter who needs little supervision. You have the ability to use independent judgment to plan, prioritize and organize a diversified workload Comfortable working in a fast-paced and agile environment Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% premium coverage for medical, dental and vision for you and your family Additional: Health and DC FSA, Life insurance, with options for STD, LTD Retirement Plan: match up to 1% of annual salary for 401k or RRSP contributions Education Stipend: $1k annual education & development benefit Perk card: $150 per month towards health, wellness, and other perks via Assembly Cell Phone: $50 per month stipend towards cell phone reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID777:
Knowledge of best practices and writing Clean Code 3-5 years of working knowledge with modern frameworks and languages (REACT & NodeJS preferably) Comfortable in the command line (e.g. Linux, Windows, or Mac) Builds a prototype and is able to take it to production (kind of mindset) You can demonstrate experience from at least one large scale project Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Autodidact who rapidly picks up new concepts and technologies Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Knowledge of Cloud Foundry and k8s Knowledge of Concourse and CircleCI Knowledge of MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB Familiarity with AWS & Docker Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID778:
Design stable, reliable and effective analytics code Optimize and maintain data systems and platforms Ensure that our analytics are accurate and up to date in real-time Liaise with developers to improve applications and establish best practices Have a strong willingness to transition into a non-data related software developer position You’re passionate, creative, and understand life at a fast-growing company You learn quickly and master diverse technologies and techniques You’re also known as uber-competent. You’re good at what you do and you’re passionate about data analysis You have never encountered a problem you couldn’t creatively solve. 2+ years proven work experience as a Developer In-depth understanding of data management (e.g. permissions, recovery, security and monitoring) Knowledge of software development and user interface web applications Hands on experience with an analytics platform An ability to understand our application to ensure the data provided is consistent and reliable Experience as a Data Developer Experience with Google Analytics High growth company with plenty of opportunities for growth and development Remote-friendly & flexible work environment – you can work from home or from one of our offices! Friday lunch is on us! (Whether you’re at home or in the office) Wide selection of snacks provided Casual dress code for optimal comfort Competitive health benefits and paid vacation time Company issued Apple equipment A friendly and highly collaborative team 
ScrapedJobID779:
Design functional test cases that verify requirements and validate functionalities; Create, maintain and complete a growing and robust suite of automated end-to-end test cases, using internal tools and processes; Participate in all aspects of testing an e-commerce platform. This includes functional review, functional and regression test planning, bug tracking and reporting in an Agile environment; Analyze the needs and estimate the effort to test a specific functionality (“User story”); Execute all levels of testing, including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing and load testing; Report bugs and incidents to the development team (Azure DevOps tool); Collaborate with developers to improve the quality of deliverables and ensure business needs are met; Identify opportunities for improvement and recommend solutions to optimize and evolve processes and work methods; Actively contribute to the growth of our product knowledge base and interface with external audiences and internal teams as required. Robust experience with Selenium, TestNG and Maven; Hands-on experience with rigorous execution of test cycles from start to finish; Experience working hands-on in software development teams (SCRUM and Agile methods). Passionate about the web, e-commerce, online payment solutions, social networks (Facebook, etc.) and online search engines (Google, etc.); Able to work on multiple priorities simultaneously. Knowledge of the Azure DevOps tool; Knowledge of the Microsoft Azure environment; Experience in C#, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS Selector, XPath; Knowledge of automated testing Cypress; Familiar with Microsoft SQL Server and T-SQL; Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma; Three (3) to five (5) years of experience in software quality assurance. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID780:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with software development in Kubernetes and one of the following: Go, Java, C++, or Python. Experience working with open source communities and tools. Experience in developer tools, api design, or other developer experience focused areas. Experience working with third party developer tools (e.g., documentation, APIs, software development kits, client libraries). Experience participating in online platforms (e.g., open source platforms). Experience with relational database technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL, or SQL Server). Experience designing or improving large scale systems, fundamentals at scale (performance, security, reliability, etc.). Experience collaborating with cross-functional partners with the ability to collaborate effectively across organizational boundaries. Partner with product managers, engineering teams, technical writers, and customers to understand and improve the Cloud SQL developer experience. Contribute to maintenance and evolution of the Cloud SQL connectors and write samples to demonstrate their capabilities. 
ScrapedJobID781:
Design functional test cases that verify requirements and validate functionalities; Create, maintain and complete a growing and robust suite of automated end-to-end test cases, using internal tools and processes; Participate in all aspects of testing an e-commerce platform. This includes functional review, functional and regression test planning, bug tracking and reporting in an Agile environment; Analyze the needs and estimate the effort to test a specific functionality (“User story”); Execute all levels of testing, including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing and load testing; Report bugs and incidents to the development team (Azure DevOps tool); Collaborate with developers to improve the quality of deliverables and ensure business needs are met; Identify opportunities for improvement and recommend solutions to optimize and evolve processes and work methods; Actively contribute to the growth of our product knowledge base and interface with external audiences and internal teams as required. Robust experience with Selenium, TestNG and Maven; Hands-on experience with rigorous execution of test cycles from start to finish; Experience working hands-on in software development teams (SCRUM and Agile methods). Passionate about the web, e-commerce, online payment solutions, social networks (Facebook, etc.) and online search engines (Google, etc.); Able to work on multiple priorities simultaneously. Knowledge of the Azure DevOps tool; Knowledge of the Microsoft Azure environment; Experience in C#, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS Selector, XPath; Knowledge of automated testing Cypress; Familiar with Microsoft SQL Server and T-SQL; Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma; Three (3) to five (5) years of experience in software quality assurance. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID782:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with software development in Kubernetes and one of the following: Go, Java, C++, or Python. Experience working with open source communities and tools. Experience in developer tools, api design, or other developer experience focused areas. Experience working with third party developer tools (e.g., documentation, APIs, software development kits, client libraries). Experience participating in online platforms (e.g., open source platforms). Experience with relational database technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL, or SQL Server). Experience designing or improving large scale systems, fundamentals at scale (performance, security, reliability, etc.). Experience collaborating with cross-functional partners with the ability to collaborate effectively across organizational boundaries. Partner with product managers, engineering teams, technical writers, and customers to understand and improve the Cloud SQL developer experience. Contribute to maintenance and evolution of the Cloud SQL connectors and write samples to demonstrate their capabilities. 
ScrapedJobID783:

ScrapedJobID784:
Current student (3rd year or higher) at an accredited Canadian institution requiring completion of a co-op placement as part of their program. Pursuing a Bachelor of Computer Science degree (or equivalent). Has exceptional development skills in Django/Python and/or Ionic/Angular. Has hands-on experience in Git and writing code for unit testing. Has experience in creating and consuming ODATA REST web APIs. Has past experience in working with teams across different time zones. Can work remotely interacting with the team that may be distributed in multiple geographies. 
ScrapedJobID785:
Strong computer science fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented design) Desire to work in enterprise software Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Physics with strong academic performance Don’t have a university degree? That’s OK if you have the equivalent skills gained through work experience or disciplined self-study Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Life at Veeva: Generation Veeva 
ScrapedJobID786:
Enforce canonized standards, and provide new ones, using the relevant tools to achieve this objective. Write automated tests in tandem with business analysts and software developers that both satisfy the logical requirements, and predict common failures and abuses. Retrofit existing software with tests that cover high-traffic touchpoints, and update failing or inoperative tests. Respond to documented, reproducible issues by first verifiying them, and then writing regression tests to ensure future integrity. Minimize tribal knowledge by ensuring that documentation is regularly audited, updated, and expanded. Exercise a blank slate mandate to build a cohesive testing architecture that reaches all levels of the stack, covering all languages, spanning all frontends, backends, frameworks, and environments. Understand the purpose of unit, integration, and acceptance testing, and when to use each. Deep concern for all the meta of the software development lifecycle, including static code analysis, syntactical analysis via linting and sniffing, and preventative analysis via sanitization and validation. Recognize that 100% code coverage is a useless metric. Forensic-level attention to detail. Every bug is deconstructed, and the assumptions that lead to it identified. Resourceful enough to reproduce a stars-aligned, autumn-breeze-at-half-past-seven type of issue. Simply stated, you can reproduce the most enigmatic issue from the scarcest clue. Intuitive familiarity with how things should work, like a software interface or interaction, coupled with the foresight to anticipate how software can and will fail. Proactive, foundation-setting attitude and the grit to get things done right, consistently, and without compromise. Skillful communicator, both written and verbal. Technical subject matter does not have to be boring. Prior experience in a QA role. Demonstrable experience with automation tools or frameworks like PhpUnit, PhpStan, Codeception, Behat, Django test client, TeamCity, and others. Knowledge of the modern Web and all the browser quirks that accompany it. Familiarity with PHP, Python, JavaScript, CSS, and the tools each use to assure quality. Integration of tooling with editors like vim, VSCode, and Sublime, and IDEs like PyCharm and PhpStorm. Knowledge of networking protocols, particularly the lifecyle of an HTTP request. Basics like fiddler, postman, browser developer tools, git, bug trackers. Extraordinary comfort in a Unix-based terminal. MacOS and GNU Linux knowledge is very welcome. Work with a team of professionals that are given the time to build quality solutions. Intermediary hacks compromise our commitment to quality. Healthy work/life balance. Competitive salary. Three weeks paid vacation. Paid personal days. Health insurance (medical, dental, life). New MacBook Pro, and access to the best tools to effectively perform. Abundance of snacks. Proximity to metro station. Hybrid and remote working arrangements are possible. 
ScrapedJobID787:
Build high quality, performant, scalable and maintainable front-end applications Regularly collaborate with designers, developers, and product owners in order to avail interactive and scalable front-end applications. Then further collaborate with the UX designers for the purpose of designing and implementing application experience Work closely with full-stack/backend developers in building features and efficiencies for the realization of the anticipated end product Oversee the development of the company’s applications and will be in charge of the latest processes and technology in order to build scalable, distributed, and fault-tolerant front-end applications. Provide technical leadership and documentation to senior engineering leadership and key stakeholders, continuously informing them on progress and important details of projects at key phases of application development. Participate in the daily scrum and sprint planning. Analyze and ensure the technical feasibility of proposed application designs. Mentor and coach others, providing technical guidance and helping build an environment of knowledge-sharing and encouraged feedback Comfortable leading technical design discussions and facilitating technical decision making. 7+ years experience in hand-coded, standards-compliant HTML5, CSS and JS 3+ years production experience with modern client-side web frameworks such as React, AngularJS with Typescript Deep knowledge of programming best practices, software design patterns and industry standards like SOLID principles Ability to create responsive UI components for high-performance and scalability Good understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as SASS/LESS Experience with backend data / API integration using JSON and RESTful web services Hands-on experience building websites using responsive design Experience with Node workflow/build systems (webpack, npm, etc...), $ and a working knowledge of REST and JSON Good knowledge of front end unit testing frameworks and experience with their implementation Knowledge of the Agile methodology including sprints, SCRUMS and test-driven development You are curious by nature and not afraid to ask “why”. You don’t stop digging till you find out why your code worked (or didn’t work) You have the ability to learn and adapt to new technologies through training, self-advancement, and collaboration with peers Backend development using Node.js Experience with databases including MongoDB, PostgreSQL etc. Flexible and adaptable in regards to learning and understanding new technologies Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Proven ability to investigate software related issues and general problem solver Highly logical Highly self-motivated Proven analytical problem solving abilities Ability to effectively organize and perform tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Emphasize on quality, process, and iterative improvements. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent mix of education and experience Health, wellness and lifestyle benefits to balance your heart, mind, and body. Pension matching and Employee Equity Incentives to support your financial health. Unlimited paid time off so you can really recharge and enjoy life. Enough said. Flexible working environment. Choose your home, one of our trendy offices or mix it up. Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is important. And an amazing culture to top it all off! 
ScrapedJobID788:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines 3D graphic software Initiative Organized 
ScrapedJobID789:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID790:

ScrapedJobID791:
Responsible for the design, development, implementation and unit testing of responsive web applications leveraging Java/J2EE. Collaborate with front-end developers Create and update documentation in support of development efforts. Participates in code review with peers and managers Response to trouble/support call for applications in production Become a subject matter expert in 1-2 databases in order to support our platform Strong Java programming skills Background in Linux/Unix administration Familiar with cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Comfortable with an on-call schedule rotation Expertise with any of the following databases-including MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Elastic, Cassandra, SQL server & Oracle 
ScrapedJobID792:
Five (5) or more years’ experience as a software developer specifically in working with NAV C/SIDE C/AL development language. The ability to translate customer business requirements and specifications into code solutions along with the ability to develop and manager hours estimates. The ability to debug errors successfully, efficiently, and effectively. The capability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously. A proven ability to write effective system and process documentation, including business and system requirements, process diagrams, and data flow charts. Monday to Friday Software development: 5 years (required) Microsoft Dynamics NAV C/SIDE and C/AL: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID793:
SQL/Sybase developer with a strong/solid background in SQL/Sybase development, data architecture, data integration and queries. Minimum of three (3) years of SQL/Sybase experience on medium to large projects. Java and/or PowerBuilder development experience preferred. Experience in development, analysis, and usage of business and technical requirements towards the development of a Data Warehouse (stored procedures). Insurance industry experience preferred. Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritizing projects. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Personal skills: Honest; Personable; Reliable; Knowledgeable; Accountable; Confident; Entrepreneurial. Monday to Friday Do you live in the Greater Toronto Area? If so, where? SQL/Sybase: 3 years (required) Insurance Industry: 2 years (preferred) JAVA or PowerBuilder: 2 years (preferred) data warehouse/stored procedures: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID794:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Visual Basic VB Script JavaScript JSP HTML Python Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID795:
Work with a sophisticated world-class team of experienced software developers Design, implement and test very advanced mobile-friendly web applications and APIs Help design and implement software quality control procedures and policies Mentor junior developers and lead them technically Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience Knowledge and experience with Microsoft .Net Core, Python, and C# Knowledge and experience with MS SQL and other relational and non-relational databases Practical experience with React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript Experience with source code control frameworks (Git). Proven experience in software development life cycle and methodologies Familiarity with Artificial Intelligence and NLP technologies Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills Ability to manage personal time and priorities effectively Work well collaboratively on a team as an essential team contributor Knowledge of cloud technologies; specifically, Azure is a plus Meaningful work that truly has a purpose As a smaller, agile team, we offer roles with impact Your contributions are integral, your voice will be heard A competitive comprehensive compensation package Outstanding health, vision, and dental benefits Employee and Family Assistance Plan A health and wellness spending account Generous vacation and other PTO A home office setup allowance Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Stock options Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday No weekends Why are you interested in working at BlueDot? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID796:
Working closely with risk Management and other stakeholders globally to thoroughly capture requirements and translate them into a useful technical roadmap Driving the technical architecture strategy for all risk monitoring tools Writing clean code that is well documented, tested, and easy to maintain Taking complete end to end responsibility for the services your team owns, from conception to production operation Ensuring the systems are performant and can handle scale Setting up strong software development processes including Code Reviews, Testing, Documentation and drive good technology choices Shaping the future of the Core Engineering team through regular interviewing, and occasional campus recruiting trips More than 2 years of strong software development experience in building web services with Python based web frameworks like Django / Flask Hands on experience in working with relational databases like MySQL / PostgreSQL Experience in setting up and/or using web servers like Nginx / Apache A good taste in Software Architecture, especially around designing performant and user-friendly Rest APIs Strong debugging skills using Linux tools Knowledge of setting up and/or using tools for automating deployments, log analysis, application monitoring, etc. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. A good leader and can drive product vision Can provide training and support to internal teams Self-directed, adaptable and committed towards keeping up-to-date with latest technologies and best practices Able to learn quickly and take on additional responsibilities: you must be highly proactive and have strong follow-through skills Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 5 weeks of paid vacation per year Lunch and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free events and workshops 
ScrapedJobID797:
With supervision and code/design reviews by senior staff, responsible for the timely completion of high quality, well designed and well architected systems that make appropriate use of technology. Responsible for completion of an acceptable volume of work and for the communication of status of personal work plans and tasks required to design, develop, and test assigned portion of projects. Responsible for maintaining currency in technological trends and directions continually upgrading personal technical and IT related skills through research, education and self motivated technology experimentation. Participate in new technology investigation and make recommendations for new technology adoption where appropriate. Other duties as assigned. Minimum 2 years design/development experience with undergraduate degree in Computer Science or Engineering degree or equivalent working experience. Sound knowledge of information systems theories, concepts, methods, and techniques. Strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills. Expertise in the following technologies: .Net/.Net Core/.Net Standard and it’s eco systems, Object Oriented Design Patterns, SOA, ActiveMQ/AMQP, PL-SQL, Oracle 11g onwards, Python Expertise in API development and integration (RESTful, JSON/XML) Knowledge of scripting languages like JavaScript, Windows Powershell, Python Practical experience in implementing/maintaining Continuous Integration and Delivery Pipeline / Practice (e.g. Github, Jenkins, SonarQube, Nexus) in Agile environment. Understanding and exposure to Test Driven Development methodology, automated testing and familiarity with testing frameworks such as BDD Basic understanding of cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure) and modern digital architecture (cloud, containers, messaging and microservices). Previous working experience in developing, implementing and integrating capital markets applications and platforms would be an asset Previous working experience in vendor solutions and in specific to vendor order management system and associated configurations would be an asset Excellent communication/customer service skills required for interactions with business partners and people of varying levels of technical expertise Pay for performance environment that offers competitive salary and incentive Numerous opportunities for professional growth and development Comprehensive employer paid benefits coverage Guaranteed retirement income through a defined benefit pension plan Competitive time off Discount programs including Edvantage and Perkopolis Degreed: a digital platform that helps you quickly and easily discover, share, and track ALL kinds of learning resources — from courses to videos to articles and more 
ScrapedJobID798:
Core experience in Couchbase technologies, including Couchbase Server and N1QL 5+ years of database engineering and development experience in a professional environment and/or comparable experience : Hands on expertise with NoSQL data architecture, design and development, performance optimization and troubleshooting Experience with distributed/multi-tiered systems and application development Experience in coordinating with multiple infrastructure and production support teams Bonus pay Extended health care Life insurance Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Couchbase developer: 6 years (required) Couchbase Server and N1QL: 1 year (required) NoSQL data architecture,: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID799:
Experience developing in React Experience developing in Python Experience with GraphQL Experience with a variety of public REST and SOAP-based APIs Demonstrated experience developing with several AWS technologies Good understanding of UI development and design principles Knowledge of QA and testing protocols Knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS, along with React and Node.js Experience working with data formats like JSON and XML Familiarity with DynamoDB, SQL and NoSQL databases is a definite asset Understanding of Agile software development and SDLC tools like Maven, JUnit, and Jira Experience working with source control systems such as Git Knowledge of ERP, CRM, WMS systems is an asset Strong interpersonal, written, and organizational skills Collaborative team player 
ScrapedJobID800:
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science 8-10 Years of related Experience building .Net Web Applications C#, SQL Query Writing Visual Studio 2017 or higher Microsoft Teams Foundation Front end and Back end development HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery Entity Framework, LINQ MVC, ASP.net, and Bootstrap Restful APIs and experience working with third-party SDK Object-Oriented Coding experience along with design Pattern Developing Multi-threaded application experience Excellent command in English verbal, reading and writing Experience with Asana, Slack and Google Apps is a plus Must be available to work 8 AM – 5 PM EST Flexibility to work from home. must have reliable internet, electricity and dedicated quite room. 
ScrapedJobID801:
Overtime pay Casual dress Flexible schedule On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID802:
Drive delivery of platform level features and capabilities for use across multiple HomeX Consumer and B2B products and services. Build and operate secure, reliable, performant, cost-effective production systems that are critical to core business operations. Work with business and product teams to develop right sized solutions in a timely fashion. Deeply understand how your systems behave and use that understanding to continuously push the boundaries of what’s possible. Continually improve the quality of your team’s work and development practices across the full development lifecycle. Provide technical mentorship for other engineers in your team. 5+ years of relevant industry experience, coding bootcamps, or degrees in Computer Science or a related technical discipline Experience driving delivery of end-to-end solutions from requirements gathering to operations. Experience developing RESTful services, GraphQL, relational and NoSQL databases.(Preferred) Experience with Typescript/Node.js and ReactJS or other JavaScript frameworks. Proven track record operating business critical production services at scale. Experience with the secure development lifecycle. Experience working with cloud platforms such as AWS or GCP. 
ScrapedJobID803:
Hands-on experience developing front-end development cycle Styling and theming of Adobe Experience Manager components Creation of web based sites, from Sketch/Photoshop designs in Adobe Experience Manager Provides input to the technology leadership, project management and account teams to define deliverables and timelines Provides support and mentoring to the more junior members of the team Experiment with and evaluate new technologies Primary focus on front-end development skill set; HTML, CSS (SASS), JavaScript (ES6), Bonus- Photoshop, Sketch, Sightly/ HTL Must have experience; AEM templates, theming, components, authoring, AEM stylesystem and policies GIT, Responsive Design Principles, Accessibility Standards WCAG 2.1, AA Page speed optimization 5+ years development experience, preferably in agency world/faced-paced environment Working knowledge within Agile methodology (JIRA, KANBAN, Sprints) Experience configuring, troubleshooting and maintaining AEM environments Adobe Campaign / Email creation Able to work through ambiguity Self-governed Attention to detail Strong analytical and critical thinking skills Able to take initiative 
ScrapedJobID804:
Conducting analysis and creating designs from business requirements - Perform analysis to understand underlying issues and technical needs for a given business level requirement. Use their training and experience to create a technical design to satisfy the business requirement. This would be at a program or small application level. Coaching - Encourage junior resources to take responsibility for their development within McCain. Challenge others to develop as leaders, while serving as a role model. Shares acquired skills and business/system knowledge with team members through formal and informal channels. Create detailed specifications for complex changes - Take a high level specification and create detailed instructions for other developers to follow in developing the application code. Coding / debugging and function testing of software - based on specifications create application code to satisfy the specification. Test, debug and validate the code to ensure it performs as specified. Creating and maintaining technical/user manual documentation - create or maintain required documentation for coding changes, new functionality or other changes as required QA reviews -review program designs, code, process models and other technical documentation to ensure they meet McCain standards and quality objectives Application integration testing - follow predefined test scripts to test application functionality and record the results Ability to communicate effectively is important Must assert themselves where necessary to implement a superior programming technique that might otherwise not get implemented Must be able to handle multiple tasks in the same time period and have the ability to handle complex issues University degree or Community College diploma or equivalent experience in the field of Computer Science Extensive experience in software development demonstrating skill in coding, debugging and testing software programs. Must be able to handle multiple tasks in the same time period and have the ability to handle complex issues Must have a flair for analysis and design Key internal relationships: Regional IS Teams, Build & Deploy teams, Business users in HR, Agriculture, and Manufacturing Key external relationships: External vendors Travel: not required Job is primarily performed in a hybrid office environment 
ScrapedJobID805:
Research, design, and implement efficient code based on a set of requirements. Write automated unit tests that ensure code stability after code refactoring and help in the maintenance. Participate in daily calls to report on the progress of the tasks in the sprint. Make sure all development efforts are documented and updated in the ticketing system. Write good technical documentation that helps keep track of all aspects of the application component and how they interact with each other. Review the code of other developers to make sure Best practices are followed and suggest improvements in the code. Troubleshoot and implement bug fixes for the current platform issues raised by the Operations team on the production. Unit test newly developed features to make sure they function according to the requirements. Collaborate with other members of the team, offers help, and shares knowledge on topics of interest with the rest of the engineering organization. A minimum of 7 years of hands-on experience in developing high performance and highly scalable software applications in an agile environment Proficiency in C#, ASP.Net, JavaScript and MS SQL are a must Minimum 2 years ReactJs experience Solid understanding of Microservice architecture and distributed systems Solid understanding of RESTful APIs Strong analytical and communication skills Prior experience with No SQL technologies & Azure Cosmos DB is a plus Prior experience with Kubernetes and Docker is a plus. Prior experience with Scrum methodology is a plus Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)? What is your desired salary range? No 
ScrapedJobID806:
Design, create, and modify website / software development; Collect and document user requirements, and analyze user needs to implement web site content, graphics, performance and capacity; Enhance existing public interfaces and understand user experience to ensure program delivery meets their expectations and service standards; Create administrative interfaces or other data entry pages; optimize data infrastructures improving space usability, search engines´ efficiency and connectivity performance; Convert written, graphic, audio, and video components to compatible web formats; Create back-end code and interfaces for new web platforms; Integrate web sites with other computer applications; Lead and co-ordinate team and projects; Keep up-to-date on web development and trends Bachelor’s degree in computer science or relevant; 5+ years in web development or other related fields; Familiarity with JavaScript, HTML, SQL, JQuery, CSS, Android, Node.js, requirejs, backbone and backend API; Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills; Attention to detail; Passionate and enterprising in software development, willing to accepting challenging work tasks; Fluent English Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent communication in English Organized 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID807:
Key member involved in the design, development, optimization, and documentation of our OmniGraph project for our Omniverse platform Ensuring a high level of architectural quality, performance in the developed code and features Debugging and fixing deficiencies Support members of other teams / clients as they adopt the technology developed Support the technology on multiple hardware platforms. Partnering and collaborating with peers and managers Strong Python and C++ skills Graduating or will recently graduate from BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Minimum 1+year of relevant experience Experience working in large scale code bases/ projects A solid sense of software architecture Proven ability to optimize code / data for performance Phenomenal team player and collaborator Excellent verbal and written communication Experience with CUDA or GPU Knowledge with computer graphics Knowledge / experience with HPC architectures Experience withcompilers Understanding of USD 
ScrapedJobID808:
Able to clearly convey concepts and ideas both spoken and in writing Willing to learn new skills on a regular basis, both on and off the job Able to work well within a team, yet be able to work autonomously Able to work with team members of all skill levels Must be able to work in a company with an open and casual work environment (self-management skills) Must have good attention to detail Excellent knowledge of interactive web development using JavaScript, jQuery, web services and HTML/HTML5 Degree with a major in computer science(or related degree) and 3+ years practical experience or have 5+ years practical experience Background in software architecture Experience in user interface design and usability will be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID809:
Providing technical developer support to customers using Google Cloud Platform products, solutions & APIs Reproducing customer issues in order to provide a holistic fix Collaborating with internal support teams and customers to identify and document product bugs and feature requests Implement effective solutions through connecting with multi-functional teams and resources Partnering with internal teams to improve cloud products at a senior level Leading users through public forums: third party & Google-owned Proficient in at least one of Java or Python Knowledge of API development, as well as building Representational State Transfer (REST) & JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) APIs Demonstrate comprehensive troubleshooting tactics Ability to quickly learn and explain new complex technologies and subjects. Resourcefulness and strong research skills Significant abilities in reading, understanding and writing code samples to replicate customer issues, as well as reading and understanding logs and stack traces Must have proficient Oral and Written English language and good communication skills. Punctuality 24/7 availability Advanced skills operating SQL REACT to manipulate data Experience applying BigQuery, Cloud Storage & CloudSQL Practical knowledge of Open Authorization (OAuth) servers, SQL (any dialect) Cloud computing & PaaS modern API technologies Knowledge of Firebase application infrastructure Customer service experience College diploma in Computer Science or 2 years of relevant knowledge / experience Effectively build solutions with Linux-based systems Proficient with web protocols: Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), Transport Layer Security (TLS), etc Experience with Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) Code versioning tools such as Git, Subversion (SVN), etc Knowledge of parallel/distributed computing: Not Only Structured Query Language (NoSQL), MapReduce, etc Dental care Extended health care Monday to Friday How many years of experience in Java or Python? How many years of experience with API development? How many years of experience with REST? How many years of experience with JSON? 
ScrapedJobID810:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code HTML Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet 3D graphic software Image editing software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID811:
1-2 years of professional experience with Android development Thorough understanding of Android GUI - minimum 1-2 year experience Substantial Java fundamentals; generics, inheritance, polymorphism, decoupling, design patterns specifically event handling and the observer pattern Basic understanding of REST APIs (http requests) Basic understanding of View Model An understanding of how computers work at the hardware and operating system level Ability to learn fast and adapt to new technologies is crucial Be comfortable with estimating and meeting deadlines Will need to commute to Oshawa on a daily basis - this is NOT a remote working opportunity Excellent written and verbal communication skills The applicant must be a good communicator and be fluent in English Experience with either Google's Volley Library for REST API's or Retrofit. Experience creating Android, IOS or Web applications for Robotic Systems. Solid understanding of Google Maps SDK for Android Peer to peer architecture such as WebRTC. Previous experience with the Robot Operating System (ROS) Publish-Subscribe Pattern such as Eventbus or Rxjava Basic knowledge with HTML and CSS Basic knowledge Javascript or Javascript Frameworks such as Angular or Node.js Preferred experience with gRPC or Socket Programming Have at least a G2 Driver's License Must be fully-vaccinated against COVID-19 Previous experience working in a startup environment. Develop Custom GUI on Android Studio Continue development on an in-house Android application Support an existing in-house Android application Communicate with other developers, agree on protocols for exchanging information between robots and the Android application Be proactive by proposing new ideas and/or modifications to improve the existing app Comfortable working independently Bachelor's degree in Computer science, Software Engineering, or a related field Casual dress Company events On-site parking 8 hour shift Day shift Oshawa, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Android development: 1 year (required) Driving Licence (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID812:
Take responsibility for estimating, planning, managing and the quality of all his/her own tasks and reporting on progress. Participate in sprint planning, design, coding, unit testing, sprint reviews. Collaborate closely with other team members and share responsibility for the overall efforts that the team committed to. Participate in code reviews and commit to high quality code. Interact with UX/Content and Product Owners to clarify requirements. Be flexible in accepting outstanding work items, be the development or test, in order to help the team achieve sprint goals. Understand and interpret functional requirements as set forth in the functional design documents or user stories Design, develop and unit test technical solutions for moderate to complex work objects assigned Perform code review in critical functionality areas Develop, integrate, test, maintain and enhance existing and proprietary platform applications Provide support to test teams during product and UAT testing of the technical solution developed Prepare and implement the technical solution to the production environment Investigate and provide post implementation support of the technical solution implemented A very good understanding of OOP, design patterns, Android and enterprise in mobile application integration A very good understanding of Android Design Patterns and material design Strong Java programming skills in many of the following: UI design, Material Design for Android, Wireframes, Android Native and Hybrid approaches like Xamarin Experience working with and integrating into backend technologies (cellular, Wi-Fi, queues, web servers, databases) Experience with mobile analytics Database Design, Development and Performance Optimization 3+ years’ Mobile / Wireless Technology experience especially with devices running Android 3+ years’ experience with Java 3+ years’ experience using relational databases (Oracle DB, MySQL, MS SQL Server) 3+ years’ experience with JavaScript, jQuery Knowledge of MVC Framework Experience with TeamCity/Jenkins/Git Experience using build tools (Gradle, Maven) Broad knowledge of business and technical environments 5+ years’ experience in a IT environment Experience with MQTT (IBM MessageSight) Experience with Message Oriented Middleware (IBM MQ) Barcode Imaging Technology Demonstrated deployments of enterprise or consumer-facing mobile software systems using industry standard environments including Android native and Hybrid apps Experience with Enterprise Mobile Device Management (MDM) solutions Experience with Cisco WebEx TEAMS Firebase Espresso Dependency Injection Frameworks (Dagger, etc) Advanced and current knowledge and experience of cloud technologies Demonstrated capability around operating cloud applications Responsive design principles Unit test frameworks Developing for accessibility Relational database knowledge, preferably using Oracle. 
ScrapedJobID813:
You’ll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. You’ll enable continuous deployment and availability by designing, developing and creating automated frameworks, processes and test cases based on functional and end-user requirements. You’ll build and manage testing environments, assisting in debugging application issues. You’ll implement software that tests and stresses on-premise products and/or cloud services for end users. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python. 
ScrapedJobID814:
Develop new user-facing features, from the database all the way to the applications themselves. Fix bugs in new and existing code. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. Opportunity is based at MuniSight’s office in Old Strathcona (Edmonton, AB) Experience with our technology stack (C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL, JavaScript, PostgreSQL, Geoserver, etc.). Familiarity with agile development methods. Strong understanding of software architecture design patterns. Strong ability to collaborate in a design team. Strong ability to set goals and achieve those goals. Strong ability and willingness to learn. A University Degree or diploma 
ScrapedJobID815:
Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID816:
5+ years of development experience. Intermediate to senior levels of experience. A university degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology or equivalent. Proficient in C# and .NET Framework 4.6 and 3.5. Deep understanding of OOP. Strong database programming skills including the interactions with relational database such as SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, etc. REST, Web Services, XML and/or JSON experience. Knowledge of multi-threaded programming in .NET. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Experience with ERP, CRM, Marketing, and/or any other enterprise business applications (cloud or on-premises) would be a huge bonus. Write robust and high-performance code in C# and .NET Framework. Create integration software using C# by interacting with some large-scale enterprise software using SOAP, REST and proprietary APIs. Create some innovative software architects that solve real-world challenges when working with large-scale data manipulation and transformation. Provide mentorship to junior team members. Facilitate and coordinate team code reviews. Write unit tests. Produce software documentation as needed. Assist with technical support when required. You want to make an impact - We create the most sophisticated integration software in the industry, our software is used by thousands of enterprise clients in over 100 countries. At KingswaySoft, you have the opportunity to make a big impact if you excel in writing good software. You want to be continually challenged - We emphasize continual improvement within our organization. We always strive to create the highest quality software. You want to work with an exceptional team - Our team delivers; we pride ourselves in creating some most creative solutions in the market. You want an exciting career - You like a career that is creative, requires innovation to succeed, and is financially and personally rewarding. You like challenges - At KingswaySoft, you get the opportunities to create solutions that solve some of the most complicated integration scenarios, you will always find challenges in your development work. 
ScrapedJobID817:
Implementing highly scalable and complex solutions Produce high quality code according to design specifications Utilizing analytical skills to developing new features, as well as, enhancing existing features, and frameworks, and troubleshooting complex code defects Define best practices and standards for database design. Collaborate with your team on software design/code reviews to ensure quality and adherence to company standards Working within teams and with cross teams, to deliver efficient and scalable code Taking ownership of features and code bases, working under pressure, and handling multiple tasks simultaneously Suggesting enhancements and providing input on products and features developed by the team. Providing status updates to stakeholders and escalating issues when necessary Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with 4+ years of enterprise product development Experience in an Agile/Scrum development model Skilled in algorithm design and analysis, including knowledge of data structures and design patterns. Strong Java programming skills required. Strong knowledge on algorithm design and analysis, including knowledge of data structures and design patterns RDBMS experience is required at least with one of the databases: PostgreSQL, Oracle, MSSQL, MySQL or DB2 Expertise in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap Expertise of JavaScript web frameworks (jQuery, ReactJS, AngularJS) Firm grasp of lexical scoping, closures, and OO JavaScript Experience in Configuring and working with LDAP and SSO Systems Experience in handling performance and Security related aspects of web applications Experience working with at least one of the following application servers is strongly preferred: Tomcat, JBoss, Oracle application server/web logic, web sphere Experience/knowledge of Soap API and/or Restful API are strongly preferred Strong hands-on experience with building enterprise applications Experience working with Eclipse development environment is required Knowledge/experience with SWT/JFACE/GEF Experience in performance-critical enterprise software development a strong plus Experience working with server internals such as multi threads, process model, memory management, scheduler, clustering and load balancing are strongly preferred Knowledge/experience with business intelligence and HDFS/Hadoop/Spark is a strong plus 
ScrapedJobID818:

ScrapedJobID819:
Day shift Weekends Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Instructional Design: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID820:
Develop and maintain existing CAD software in both Windows and Mac platforms using QT and C++. Participate in meetings, write and review design documents, anticipate unforeseen issues, propose solutions. Work with other developers, managers and stakeholders to constantly improve and unblock the development workflow and lifecycle. Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. 3+ years experience in CAD software development (preferably involving moveable objects that can be arranged by the user and supporting undo/redo operations). 5+ years experience in C++ (C++11 or newer preferable). Good knowledge of 2D and 3D transformations and vector algebra. Good working knowledge of software architecture, design patterns and data structure. Proficiency in GUI using QT. UI/UX experience. Experience with Web technologies. Experience with OpenCV. Parallel processing (e.g. OMP). Familiarity with CI/CD practices. A link to your Github/Gitlab/StackOverflow accounts. Only resumes in PDF format will be reviewed. 8 hour shift Link to your Github/Gitlab account C++: 3 years (preferred) Qt: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID821:
Collaborating with other members of the development team to derive the best possible design to meet requirements Implementing, testing, documenting, and maintaining back-end systems for multiple high-traffic services Providing constructive feedback in the form of code and design reviews Looking for ways to improve our development and deployment processes Ensuring security and performance of our products Adoption of Shopify’s new versioned API - this one keeps us in business! Support for Shopify’s new bulk APIs; this cut our operating costs (fewer servers) and increased the speed of our backups. Rewind Copy for QuickBooks; #1 feature request for QuickBooks customers, move your data from here to there and make it easy. Rewind API (version 1); services that want to power data resiliency in their apps with Rewind can now do so. Hooking Hubspot into various areas of our product to capture customer events for sales/marketing. Addressing multiple code and database scaling challenges in the processing of daily backups for our American BigCommerce customers. Adding support for new entry level pricing plans that required creating limitations in product functionality. Implementing new first time user experience features to https://app.rewind.io. Upgrading all applicable components from Rails 5 to Rails 6. Enhancements to our administrative interface (the one that support, sales, and marketing rely on) to bundle customers, change billing plans, and cancel subscriptions. Aggregating Webhooks with DynamoDB and SQS Delay Queues Great troubleshooting and analytical skills, you’re an exceptional communicator, you have prior experience building or maintaining TypeScript-based applications, and you have a curious mind for how things work and what makes them tick. You should enjoy making complicated situations simple and painless. You should be a stellar communicator, even when you have to communicate less-than-stellar news. You should have highly tuned senses of compassion and empathy and a drive to constantly help others. You must be comfortable interacting with REST and GraphQL APIs, and be proficient in TypeScript or Javascript. You should be well-versed in AWS, source control management (preferably Git), and Docker. You might have a CS degree. You might not. That’s not what we’re looking for. We care about what you can do and how you do it, not about how you got here. A strong track record of conscientious, thoughtful work speaks volumes. why you want to work at Rewind and not somewhere else. a time you taught yourself a new skill to complete a job or project. some of the work we do; introduce yourself as a colleague and explain how you can help us your favourite meal; why you love it and how you prepare it 
ScrapedJobID822:

ScrapedJobID823:
Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Corel Draw Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML PHP MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS COM / COM+ / DCOM / MTS / ActiveX C++ J# JQuery Python Word processing software Oracle Linux JavaOS Mail server software Image editing software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software SharePoint C# .NET API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID824:

ScrapedJobID825:

ScrapedJobID826:
Develop applications using Oracle 18c/11g, SQL *PLUS, TOAD and SQL*LOADER Develop Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using SQL and PL/SQL. Developed materialized views for data replication in distributed environments Experience in Oracle 18c/11g installation in RHEL 6/7 environment Experience on RHEL 6/7 implementation, administration, installation & maintenance Help with tier 1/2 support for all customers via phone, email & ticketing system Have the ability to work flexible hours including evenings, weekends, and holidays as required, sometimes on short-notice due to the nature of a 24x7 operation, requires on call participation in a rotating schedule Handle customer cases through its entirety providing service that is in line with SLA contract Escalate any potential problems and client support issues as per SLA contract Coordinate with 3rd party vendors both HW and SW to manage resolution on behalf of customers Monitor and analyze customer’s environments, providing recommendations for continuous improvements Use knowledge to provide risk analysis and recommendations Ensure that department policies and procedures are adhered to Participate in monthly customer support reviews as required Run and monitor software performance tests, execute functional tests Bachelor’s Degree in Computer, Systems Engineering or equivalent 4+ years hands on experience in Oracle 18c/11g 4+ years hands on experience working with RHEL 6/7 The ability to be a self-starter, and be able to manage expectations with customers A strong ability to read, write and speak English to effectively communicate with colleagues, customers, suppliers - in person, on phone, and by written communications Strong communication skills and a strong sense of urgency Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills; client-centric, professional, friendly, courteous Advanced troubleshooting Skills Supporting and Deployment of applications Ability to work independently and with other teams to drive issues to resolution 
ScrapedJobID827:
Develop tools for management, analysis, and interpretation of –omics data Implement and execute –omics data processing workflows locally or in the cloud Create standardized summary tables, figures, and listings for –omics data Manage large -omics dataset collections including cloud import/export and data QC Write well-documented computer code and conduct code reviews and programming validation Conduct workflow benchmarking Identify inconsistencies and initiate resolution of data problems Prepare SOPs, document source code/workflows, and write reports to summarize computational requirements, processing status, and customized analysis results as needed Other responsibilities as assigned Bachelor’s degree in Bioinformatics, Computer Science, or a related field, and 2 years relevant experience Demonstrated computer programming skills in Python and/or Perl as well as R for statistical programming Competent in using Linux/Unix operating system command line interface Ability to develop and query relational databases (MySQL, SQLite, or similar) is a plus Experience using Eclipse, RStudio (or other IDEs) and Version Control software (Git, SVN, or similar) to manage programming code Familiarity with next-generation sequencing data and open-source bioinformatics tools Familiarity with AWS cloud computing (EC2 and S3) is a plus Ability to manage multiple tasks Ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts, in both written and oral format 
ScrapedJobID828:
Extensive experience in Microservices design and development Experience with the following technologies: Java J2EE Java/Spring (Boot and Web) Web services/APIs (REST, JSON, SOAP) Swagger jUnit Hands on experience with greenfield design and development of libraries and frameworks including logging, unit testing, and error/exception handling, and adaptors Experience in design is required Practical experience using build tools such as Ant, Maven, and Gradle Hands on experience with version control GIT Well versed in using CI and automated testing tools Experience with Azure is an asset Competitive salary Collaborative and supportive work environment Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID829:
Develop and maintain software written in .NET (C# and Visual Basic), Visual C++ and Oracle PL/SQL. Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve defects. Provide accurate estimates and deliver as per commitment Document and execute unit testing while ensuring end to end functionality. Support application during stabilization period and participate in transfer to core activities. Prepare and execute implementation plans for the artifacts to be deployed in production. Participate in a 24/7 support call rotation. High quality, well tested code. Troubleshooting and root-cause analysis. Implementation plans and disaster recovery scripts. Accurate work estimates. Requirements elicitation to ensure good quality deliverables. Bachelor’s in computer science or equivalent. Strong .Net C# and Visual C++ programming skills. Very good knowledge of Oracle PL/SQL (working experience). Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, multi-threading, and object-oriented programming. Software engineering mindset – re-use before building new. Strong analytical and communication skills. Transportation and/or Multimodal business knowledge, mobile applications, network. Good understanding of APIs, microservices and cloud programming. Off hours support duty on a rotation basis. Possibility of occasional travel in Canada and the United States (<5%) 
ScrapedJobID830:
Write web applications in Javascript, HTML, CSS that are heavily dependent on VueJS and GWT Accountable for delivering assigned development tasks and take ownership in order to deliver on time Translate provided designs and style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance; Scope and estimate the development and testing effort for user stories Perform automated testing (Unit, Integration and End to End) within an iterative agile environment Share knowledge with the team by participating in Code Reviews and Pair Programming Participate in all agile ceremonies (standups, planning, training, backlog refinement, reviews, retrospectives) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related Software Engineering discipline or equivalent experience Experience in Front-End development with frameworks like Angular, VueJS, GWT or React Experience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. Knowledge of Object Oriented Programming Efficient in data structures Experience in REST Service interaction Team Spirit Good Communicator Open Minded, able to think within and out of the box Ability to take ownership of task and projects 
ScrapedJobID831:
Create, code and implement web-based user interfaces for FortiManager/FortiAnalyzer. Write reusable code and libraries for both server and front-end codes(full stack). Enhance and optimize web user interface for best performance and scalability. Collaborate with graphic designers and backend development teams to construct and implement the front-end interfaces. Bridge the gap between technical implementation and customers’ scenarios, always pay attention to useability details. Self-test completed features before passing job to release QA team. Proficient with one or multiple JavaScript framework/libraries such as React, Redux, JQuery, AngularJS, VueJS etc. Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. Hands-on coding experience with Python or C++ Strong analysis, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. A collaborative personality, highly responsible and enjoy working in a team-oriented environment. Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent experience. 
ScrapedJobID832:
Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in product design for consumer electronics. Experience in steady-state and transient thermal analysis using software (e.g., SolidWorks Flow Simulation, IcePak, Flotherm, etc.). Experience running thermal tests in a lab and using data to improve modeling. Experience with optomechanics. Experience in augmented/virtual reality and/or devices and services. Knowledge and specialization in heat transfer. Excellent electrical engineering, product management, industrial design, and operations skills. Understand product context and collaborate to help inform where to focus your efforts. Develop Thermal Models with quality inputs working cross-functionally to fill gaps as needed. Carry out basic experiments and measurements. Report your findings in a way that’s clear and actionable, and help to identify next steps. Instrument and test hardware to validate, cross-check, and refine models. 
ScrapedJobID833:
Strong knowledge of Microsoft .NET technology Proficient in C# language Good understanding of object-oriented programming Work experience in Microsoft SQL Server Experience working with Windows Forms Application Working knowledge of Azure DevOps Exposure to DevExpress tools would be an advantage. No Visa restrictions to travel (Travel may be required to certain customer sites) Design, develop and configure .Net applications in accordance with agreed customer requirement specifications. Complete application design, code, unit test and integration test tasks to .Net development standards Provide technical support where required. Knowledge of Food Processing Industries would be advantageous but not necessary. Communicate with clients, take ownership and resolve issues. Spacious and modern office environment Full canteen facilities with free tea, coffee, bread, fresh fruit and a vending machine for staff use (post covid) Encouragement, guidance and support for those that want to self-improve and up-skill. Free car parking Time in lieu for overtime worked Flexible working hours (possible) Extra days’ holiday per year of service Finish Early Fridays No meetings Wednesdays Refer a friend scheme Pension scheme eligible after probation Visual Studio ReSharper Redgate SQL Tools DevExpress Postman Azure DevOps Salary – negotiable depending on experience This role is remote based in Ontario but the candidate will be expected to live within a commute distance from Waterloo for period team meetups Bonus – based on achievement of objectives Latest news and what we have been up too: https://www.emydex.com/news/ Facebook page here with some staff event photographs:  https://www.facebook.com/Emydex-Technology-344547285589514/ LinkedIn Profile which helps show you what Emydex is all about: https://www.linkedin.com/company/emydex-technology/about/?viewAsMember=true* Casual dress Company pension Flexible schedule Paid time off Monday to Friday How many years' experience of .NET development do you have? What is your salary expectation for this role per year? How many years' experience of SQL do you have? Yes 
ScrapedJobID834:
Remote IT support with our clients Coding in Dart every day (a language similar to C, C#, Swift, Java, Typescript, etc), as well as occasionally Javascript, PHP, HTML, and CSS Working with our team of designers and animators to produce stunning HD digital signage content in HTML Troubleshooting content display issues and making code updates. Adding to and augmenting security on all levels of our platform Database management, both NoSql and MySql Helping optimize backend and frontend systems to scale Creating a stunning and responsive web application Building and maintaining Flutter applications for mobile and web Working with (or building) a variety of third-party RESTful APIs Contributing to our code libraries and internal tools Server updates, enhancements, and maintenance Research, architecture, and planning Minimum 3 years related experience Bachelor's of Computer Science or equivalent experience Expertise in Object Oriented & Class Based Programming in Dart or a Dart-like language Strong understanding of HTML and CSS Ability to bring static designs to life with code Experience in web security and database management Monday to Friday Have you coded in Dart? How comfortable are you troubleshooting technical challenges over the phone? Yes 
ScrapedJobID835:
Build UI components and compose them into applications for multiple browsers Analyze and understand business and design requirements; produce technical tasks and breakdown into estimates Define, review, communicate and follow development approaches for the technical tasks Collaborate with the back-end developers and QA engineers to integrate and test Work closely and collaborate with other developers and team members, communicating effectively and working together to reach defined goals and meet deadlines Attend and participate in daily standups and project retrospectives Participate in career development and performance reviews Commit to ongoing learning and development; participate in conferences and educational programs Stay up to date with current best practices Follow new and emerging technologies Participate and contribute to company culture 2+ years of experience working as Front-End Developer Excellent working knowledge of modern JavaScript Solid experience with semantic and accessible HTML Hands on experience with CSS3 and CSS-in-JS (styled-components) Proven knowledge of React (version 16 or higher) is a must Experience with mobile-first UI development Previous experience writing functional UI tests (Jest and react-testing-library) Hands on experience with i18n and l10n (react-i18next) Experience contributing to design-system component libraries Multiple years' experience with source control management systems Demonstrable ability to write clean, structured, maintainable code Experience with automated testing and/or code analysis techniques Familiarity with development & release tooling (i.e. npm/Webpack/Babel/Github) Ability to analyze wireframes or static designs and identify potential issues or hidden complexities Proficient knowledge of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them In-depth understanding of web development and web development processes An understanding of the fundamentals of server-side rendering is nice to have Understanding the concepts of a headless CMS architecture is nice to have Experience with Sitecore CMS is nice to have Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field is preferred Critical thinker, great analytical and problem-solving skills Many opportunities to learn, grow, and earn certifications through our internal upskilling program Start-up work culture while getting to work on industry leading solutions for some of Canada's leading companies Working with cutting edge cloud technologies Exposure to teams Designing and building cloud-native software Competitive compensation package. Comprehensive benefits package. DPSP / RRSP matching program. 100% remote environment with a fun, relaxed atmosphere. Education and conference reimbursements. Your choice of awesome top of the line office hardware. Opportunity for career progression along our career journey program. Epic company events & socials, both virtual and in-person. Flex hours and half day Fridays before every long weekend throughout the year. 
ScrapedJobID836:
Solid Experience in UI development ReactJS work experience preferred Good knowledge of API design and development Ability to thrive as part of a multi-site

development team Ability to test, debug and monitor your own code 
ScrapedJobID837:
Solid practical experience in HTML layout Knowledge of CSS3, HTML5. Experience with LESS is an advantage Knowledge of JavaScript Previous experience with some MVW frameworks (backbone.js) and template systems (handlebars or mustache.js) Upper-Intermediate level of English Building single page JavaScript applications Frontend development 
ScrapedJobID838:
Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID839:

ScrapedJobID840:

