ScrapedJobID1:
Must have demonstrated experience building and maintaining WordPress or Craft CMS, or Drupal sites to be considered. Using supplied designs: code websites using common best practices for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc., and build/maintain CMS based websites in WordPress, CraftCMS and/or Drupal. Maintain sites over time including updates, patches. Use CSS frameworks for more rapid and consistent development, such as Bootstrap, etc. Use JavaScript frameworks for more rapid and rich results, such as Vue, React, jQuery, etc. Extrapolate and develop mobile responsive versions of websites using best practices. Test websites on multiple platforms such as Windows, MacOS, iOS and Android. Maintain website infrastructure including Linux/Unix server skills, Apache/Nginx, virtualhost configs, etc. Understand and maintain backup and recovery strategies. Implement and uphold a secure workflow to avoid hacks and unauthorized access to server infrastructure. Be able to access, configure and utilize related server software such as MySQL, SSH. Be able to collaborate with other members of our team, including other web developers and agree on common/shared standards. Understand and apply optimizations either on the server side or on the application side, including web accessibility. Work under tight timelines, prioritize projects, and shift focus when necessary. Meet deadlines, and effectively communicate important updates to team members. Participate in brainstorms, introducing new ideas, different approaches and treatments. Stay up to date on the latest trends in web development. Be open to constructive feedback. Possess a positive attitude and be willing to take on new challenges. Be open to learning new skills, software, or techniques when necessary and show initiative to find solutions. College or University diploma in web development techniques, or be able to demonstrate sufficient experience in lieu of a certificate. Minimum of 4 years of experience Experience building websites with one or more of WordPress, CraftCMS, Drupal, or other content management systems. Familiarity working within a development, staging and production environment, including using source control principles and software (Git/Github, etc.) . Interest or background in Canadian politics, political causes, or civic engagement. Graphic design experience. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday CraftCMS: 4 years (preferred) building WordPress sites: 5 years (required) HTML/CSS/JS: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID2:
5+ years' development experience. Strong understanding of CSS methodologies (e.g. BEM). Understanding of Linux-based environments and command line build tools (e.g. Webpack, Node, NPM). Experience with CMS platforms (e.g. Craft CMS, WordPress, Drupal). Experience with templating frameworks (e.g. twig, blade). Experience with CSS preprocessors and frameworks (e.g. Sass, Tailwind CSS). Experience with JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Experience with TypeScript. Strong understanding of website accessibility requirements (WCAG). Understanding of website optimization best practices and tooling. Experience with version control systems (e.g. Git). Understanding of common design tools (e.g. XD, Sketch). Experience with PHP or other server side technologies. Experience with PHP frameworks (e.g. Laravel). Understanding of testing concepts and E2E testing frameworks (e.g. Cypress). Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday CSS: 5 years (preferred) JavaScript: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID3:
Build user interfaces used in a variety of projects that make sense of the geospatial. Collaborate on teams with project managers, data scientists, and backend developers. Maintains and shares knowledge of trends and best practices in industry. The ability to write readable and scalable code Experience with code reviews. Values the return on investment with code reviews. Experience with coding in collaborative environments (with many developers contributing to a single project or repo) Familiarity with ways of deploying and shipping code through CI/CD, cli, etc. Familiarity with various cloud technologies used to host front-end applications (AWS, GCP, Netlify, Heroku, Vercel, Etc) Proficiency with at least one modern front-end framework, such as React, Vue, Svelte Git Bonus Points: Experience maintaining and contributing to large complex code bases Experience with charting or mapping libraries Experience with strictly typed languages (TypeScript) Ability to write automated tests using Jest and Testing-Library Willingness to learn independently and collaboratively Ability to be organized and self-directed Option to work remotely within Canada or the UK Medical and extended health benefits Generous holidays and personal time Access to training opportunities, including unlimited Udemy Competitive pay Visa sponsorship available for exceptional candidates 
ScrapedJobID4:
Work with the product, CX, engineering, and stakeholder teams to transform a user journey into code. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure, scalable code for front-end user experiences. Deliver using agile, test driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. Have the opportunity to integrate the UI with the platform via APIs, backend integration, web, mobile and data pipelines. 3 to 5+ years of front-end development using Angular 2+ (or modern frameworks, e.g. React, Vue, etc). Experience in one or more front-end test frameworks, e.g. jest, jasmine, cypress, mocha, etc. Excellent knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, javascript (ES6+), TypeScript. Experience with CSS frameworks, e.g. Bootstrap. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Proven experience building cutting edge User experiences. Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line. Love to own problems and drive solutions. Working autonomously and being highly resourceful Bachelors, MSC or PHD in computer science or engineering Other Valued Skills* Git or other version control systems Python Regex Relational databases such as PostgresQL, MySQL Experience with event based systems, e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Experience in payment and billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID5:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID6:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Flexible schedule Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Have you read and confirmed you meet the eligibility criteria for this role? NextJS: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 1 year (required) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID7:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID8:
Assist in managing the timeline of multiple projects with specific milestones along the way. Communicate with team leads and other project stakeholders to ensure quality and timelines are maintained. Communicating with HR and executives if staffing levels are not adequate or new skills are required for future milestones. Assist in planning future sprints and project planning for ongoing projects, including timelines, quality and cost. Communicating with team leads from each department and ensuring they understand the vision and direction that we are moving forward with. Code reviews, architecture reviews and suggestions, and mentorship of new developers. BSc or Masters in Computer Science, Software Engineering or any related fields. Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining React.js. Preferably previous roles as a React developer (minimum 1 year) Solid understanding of HTML5, CSS3, Git, ES6, JSX, Hooks and react.js framework Solid understanding of REST principles and exposure to backend APIs Company events Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? React: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID9:
Customer service is our #1 priority. This should be at the forefront of all your decision making. Enhance our web user experience through thoughtful front end design. Integrate the design on Squarespace and use custom coding where necessary. Custom development and integration of third party applications using API's. Suggest and create new third party applications to support our digital presence. Monday to Friday Do you have experience writing custom code in Squarespace? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID10:
Developing web app architecture Designing user interactions on web apps Ensuring responsiveness of applications Seeing through a project from conception to final production Designing and developing APIs BSc/MSc in Computer Science or Software Engineering 5-10 years full time industry experience Familiarity with cloud services, specifically AWS Familiarity with Linux environments, shell, and bash scripting Expert-level ability with HTML and CSS In-depth knowledge of a major JavaScript framework (React, Angular, or Vue) Experience with back end or server-side applications (python, Django, or Nodejs) Experience with RESTful APIs for developing enterprise application. Experience in MicroService Architecture Knowledge of proper testing practices Familiarity or experience with CI/CD Familiarity with Scrum/Agile development methodologies Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID11:
Culture: an organization that is guided by our fundamental principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality; Opportunity: to work with the best and brightest in the non-profit field, in an environment that promotes continuous learning, creativity and collaboration; Employee Benefits: achieve a work/life balance for you and your new team with competitive vacation time, generous personal days and flexible work arrangements; Meaningful Work: you will be creating technological innovations that support emergencies and save lives. Maintain and develop new features on our applications based on requirements; Keep an eye on security updates, issues and all project dependencies; Develop unit test code as part of overall quality assurance best practices; Participate in design review and code inspections; Collaborate with teams across the company to solve software, system design and implementation problems; Work with development and product management teams to define user story acceptance criteria, break down complex stories into tasks, estimates, plan and deliver; Convert technical and functional requirements into system level design specifications, to develop high-performance software; Contribute to improvement in our corporate software development methodology and practices; Troubleshoot and debug new or existing software programs; Write or update functional requirement documents and guides, as required; Other duties as required. Bachelor degree in computer software with a minimum 5+ years’ experience in Front End development or equivalent combination of education and experience; Major experience in implementing complex application with one of the major front-end framework (preferably with Vue.js); Familiarity with state management pattern, routing and Single Page Application; Expertise in HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript; Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs; Vuetify usage an asset; Understanding responsive design principles and how to apply them on the client-side; Experience with DevOps tooling for development (e.g. Docker); English and French communications (oral and written); Experience in agile methodologies such as SCRUM; Ability to work well within a team – sharing information as appropriate, respectfully, while being approachable; Excellent interpersonal communication skills and experience in contributing to diverse teams is critical; 
ScrapedJobID12:
Temporarily due to COVID-19 Commission pay Profit sharing Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID13:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID14:
Development: Develop, deploy, and maintain modern, responsive, and accessible single-page and multi-page user experiences. Evaluate software solutions on a continual basis to identify and drive quality, performance, security, and user experience improvements. Planning/Analysis: Collaborate with other developers and business analysts to analyze business requirements and create innovative technical solutions to address end-user needs. Work within task/project management applications to plan, prioritize, and manage workload. Testing/Review: Validate/verify code function and performance; perform code peer reviews. Other Duties: Provide strategic input on all areas of software product development. Advocate for user experience. Work within source control system to ensure proper versioning practices/workflows during development. University degree or technical school diploma in a related field such as Computer Science or Information Technology, or equivalent practical experience. Requirement for 8 to 10 years of software development experience. Front-end development languages including JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML/5, and CSS. Building user experiences with technologies and frameworks like, but not limited to, Blazor, GraphQL, MVC, SignalR, and RESTful APIs. C# and ASP.NET (>NET Core/5/6+) OAuth 2.0/Open ID Connect Source control using Git version control Parking/Transit Benefit Personal Time Off (PTO) 4% vacation paid out on each cheque 
ScrapedJobID15:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using software development best practices Collaborate with other developers, UX designers, and product owners to ensure the best outcomes and experience for our customers and our users Create user interfaces using React and other technologies as needed Integrate data from various back-end services Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on business and technical needs Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into our product and processes as appropriate Work with designers to match visual design intent 3+ years frontend experience, ideally with React Experience integrating with REST APIs Writing robust and testable code Creative problem-solving skills Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques Experience with C# backends or interest in diving into some backend work Experience working in a Scrum or Agile environment Experience with secure coding practices Experience with performance diagnosis and optimizations Competitive salary Comprehensive health and dental benefits Professional development opportunities Continuing Education Great colleagues and collaboration 
ScrapedJobID16:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using software development best practices Collaborate with other developers, UX designers, and product owners to ensure the best outcomes and experience for our customers and our users Create user interfaces using React and other technologies as needed Integrate data from various back-end services Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on business and technical needs Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into our product and processes as appropriate Work with designers to match visual design intent 3+ years frontend experience, ideally with React Experience integrating with REST APIs Writing robust and testable code Creative problem-solving skills Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques Experience with C# backends or interest in diving into some backend work Experience working in a Scrum or Agile environment Experience with secure coding practices Experience with performance diagnosis and optimizations Competitive salary Comprehensive health and dental benefits Professional development opportunities Continuing Education Great colleagues and collaboration 
ScrapedJobID17:
Proven experience with VueJS, or other popular client-side Javascript frameworks such as Angular and React Strong knowledge of JavaScript, ES6 syntax and other front-end technologies like HTML5 and CSS3 Familiarity with MVC, MVP and REST API concepts Can spot misaligned pixels a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Independently complete development tasks and actively contribute to deploying code to production Grow into a leading role, guiding team members to frontend web development best practices Collaborate with the Product team to develop user-centric features Contribute to development estimations and support product delivery Work with designers to optimize and improve the user experience Deliver quality code, by conducting adequate automated testing Identify performance bottlenecks and bugs, and their remedies Learn from feedback and voice your opinions in a constructive fashion A university or college degree in computer science or a related field Disciplined self-starter, capable of working independently and in close collaboration within an agile development team Object Oriented design using common design patterns and SOLID principles Familiarity with Git code versioning system Profound insight of TCP, TLS and HTTP protocols is a plus Bonus points if you have 1+ years web development experience with one or more modern JavaScript libraries such as Vue.js, React, or Angular Must be a Canadian resident and legally eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID18:
Work closely with web designers and information architects to create new websites and applications that support NAIT’s marketing and communications initiatives. Collaborate with developers from Information and Technology Services on web application development. Translate stakeholders’ business needs into cohesive customer-centric web solutions that align with NAIT’s strategic direction. Map business requirements to the technical solutions used in a web application’s functionality. Document the data and application needs for a project to support evolving business functions and web technologies. Support maintenance and ongoing design of current websites and interactive components built in Kentico/Xperience CMS. Experience developing websites in content management systems with an ability to adapt to changing environments, technologies and modern web standards. Demonstrated experience with JavaScript, XML, AJAX and a solid understanding of HTML, CSS and web standards. Experience with jQuery is an asset. Experience with server-side technologies such as ASP.NET, Java, SQL and an understanding of object-oriented programming. Knowledge of emerging web-based and social communication tools. Ability to develop strong customer relationships, communicate clearly, and understand a wide range of needs for different internal and external customers is critical. Superior planning and time management along with excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Excellent skills in requirements gathering, analysis, assessment, and documentation, coupled with a deep understanding of new web technologies and social media platforms and tools. Ability to effectively track and document issues and their resolutions. Attention to detail and the ability to function in a dynamic and demanding work environment is essential. Must have excellent problem-solving skills and love technical challenges. Related technical diploma from a recognized post-secondary institution and a minimum of five years directly related experience. Equivalencies may be considered. Everyone coming to NAIT campuses, including students, staff, contractors and visitors, will be required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Everyone coming to NAIT campuses will be required to provide proof of vaccination. Rapid testing will not be accepted as an alternative to vaccination, except for campus community members who cannot be vaccinated based on medical or other protected grounds outlined in the Alberta Human Rights Act. 
ScrapedJobID19:
Cutting up designs and building out the front-end to integrate with Drupal (our CMS of choice) Building reusable components for designs systems Building front-ends for headless systems, using React or other JS frontends. Working with clients and internal team members to deliver top notch projects HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, and other tech a plus Ability to work with responsive designs for use across multiple devices Ability to double check your work React experience an asset Nice to have
PHP
Twig
Node PHP Twig Node 2+ years designing and hand-coding websites Experience with Drupal 8 theme development MUST have samples showing off your work Nice to have
Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID20:
Creating responsive interactive websites and integrating with our in-house CMS Creating complex animations, games and experiences based on existing designs Applying industry best practices in web accessibility (WCAG 2.0), search engine optimization and analytics 10+ years of experience working with HTML/CSS/JS 5+ years of experience building interactive experiences with HTML canvas and animation libraries Keen eye for design and presentation Knowledge of fluid responsive UX design principles and best practices Experience working with CSS preprocessors (SASS/SCSS/Less/etc.) Experience working within a content management system, developing templates and reusable items, utilizing dynamic variables and functions Experience with modern JavaScript libraries Experience working with Adobe CS and UX prototyping software Experience with Microsoft Office suite or similar Ability to work autonomously and manage various home office tasks (home networking, OS updates, etc.) Dedicated and self-motivated: able to produce superb work on tight timelines and with minimal supervision Flexible and adaptable in the face of rapidly changing requirements and priorities Obsessed with quality, both in their own work and in the overall projects they contribute to A passionate advocate, who can argue for the best approach in a productive and professional way Great at working with multi-disciplinary teams, and with both technical and non-technical people Naturally curious and genuine interest in self-learning Excellent benefits package Flexible working conditions Opportunities for career challenges and growth, you help decide where you want to be and we’ll help you get there Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift working with HTML/CSS/JS: 10 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID21:
Developing interactive, user-friendly web/mobile applications using the latest frameworks – both open source and proprietary; Tooling to facilitate data analysis and visualization; Creating re-usable UI components; Setting up and performing A/B Tests; Unit tests, Integration tests, Performance tests and tuning to enable high performance / low latency experiences; Great inline documentation in code, code reviews to improve coding standards / performance. You will also have a lot of fun innovating on Products & Technology, including: Work alongside a team of Product Engineers in delivering products; Have fun experimenting with emerging technology, participating in hackathons etc; Help transform EY Technology into a Product organization. Be very strong in algorithms, data structures, problem solving, building to scale by leveraging cloud computing Handle ambiguity and able to move forward with imperfect information and get things done in a rapidly changing environment Must be comfortable working in an environment where ideas are challenged; Takes pride in producing clean, re-usable code and takes full ownership of the quality of code; Should possess good product instinct and excellent project management skills to push projects over the finish line with sound planning and persistent execution; Should know how to align resources to achieve desired results Expert in front end / UI technologies including frameworks such as React/Angular/Backbone/Bootstrap/Node. Proficiency in Mobile/Responsive UIs. Experience in build/CI/CD tools: Ant/Maven/Gradle, Jenkins, GIT. Fluent in a scripting languages (Python, Groovy) and Operating Systems (*nix, MacOS). Exposure to Orchestration (Apache Camel), Caching, ESB. Good knowledge of web services (microservices etc) and service-oriented principles. Great understanding of RESTful architecture. Experience in data modelling and database technologies (both SQL –preferably Oracle - and No SQL). Experience in Data Visualization/Analysis Tools (Splunk, Tableau, NewRelic, Logstash/Kibana). Experience in web application development with large/internet scale consumption (distributed, scalable and high volume systems) Familiar with DevOps, Agile/Scrum. Experience in use of cloud computing, OpenStack and infrastructure resilience and elasticity (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, Rackspace etc) Keen understanding of Application, Infrastructure and resilience. Experience with software and product development lifecycle (incl. coding, coding standards and reviews, source control, testing, debugging, build, deployment and operations) Regular international and domestic travel. Reasonable extension of the working day should be expected commensurate with the needs to fulfil the obligations of the role. Required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. Or a Bachelor’s degree in any field, supplemented by additional education in Computer Science. Preferably 4+ (minimum of 2) years of product engineering experience in renowned product organizations. Have deployed code to production that takes very significant traffic volumes. Have dealt with automation / engineering issues You are Glocal, ie.
Can coordinate / collaborate with teams & stakeholders in multiple geographies
Manage teams with participants in multiple geographies.
Can quickly form strong working relationships with colleagues within and outside your location. Can coordinate / collaborate with teams & stakeholders in multiple geographies Manage teams with participants in multiple geographies. Can quickly form strong working relationships with colleagues within and outside your location. Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next. Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way. Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs. Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs. 
ScrapedJobID22:
Have excellent communication skills; both written and spoken. Studying a degree in computer science, computer engineering, or have relevant experience, Fresh graduates are welcome Knowledge of and experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Knowledge of and experience with front-end development libraries, frameworks, and pre-compilers (Bootstrap, SASS/LESS, React, Angular) Knowledge of server-side web application development (e.g., C#, Java, Node.js) Understanding of relational and non-relational databases and database languages Familiarity of basic concepts of computer architecture, data structures, and programming practices Use of GIT as a source control Familiarity with Linux and Cloud based development environments Passion for technology and innovation 
ScrapedJobID23:
Extended Health & Dental RRSP matching plan Paid time to volunteer for a charity of your choice Free parking Green Transportation Incentive Social Committee Events Employee Service Awards Performance Bonus Opportunities for continuous learning …And most importantly: great people to work with! Rapidly build and iterate on functional prototypes that express design intent and resolve A|B scenarios Be able to work creatively through and around perceived limitations and/or challenges imposed by customer expectations and/or the service delivery platform Partner with engineering to ensure that interactive techniques and technologies translate through to shipping products Craft, design, and build the user experience of our collective suite of software products Maintain and innovate our design practices and style guides Address software requirements and architectural considerations Collaborate in Scrum meetings and help drive activities Support and mentor others in their work efforts and outcomes 3+ years developing rich web applications with full-featured JavaScript frameworks 3+ years with JavaScript, HTML5, SCSS Experience with web, mobile web, and mobile app front-end development Experience with UX tools such as Axure, Balsamiq, inVision, Figma, or similar Proven flair for designing and implementing functional & efficient user experiences Enterprise class web applications Experience with Unity game engine Experience with Autodesk Forge Portfolio of work that demonstrates how you have used technology to create design solutions Agile software development Strong communication skills Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field and experience 
ScrapedJobID24:
Yes Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID25:
As a Front-end UI/UX developer, you should be able to contribute to both the front-end AND back-end codebase of any project you are a part of. Be able to lead the front-end development of a project from beginning to end. Be able to take constructive criticism and learn from it 2+ years of Frontend Development experience creating responsive Mobile-Ready SPA’s with React 2+ years of professional experience with React Native. Strong experience with JavaScript (ES6), JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Sass/SCSS, Grid, Flexbox Experience developing iOS and Android mobile application with XCode and Android Professional experience designing UI/UX prototypes with Figma Experience with unit testing and performance testing Experience with REST API design Strong knowledge and use of Git, merging, branching, rebasing Experience with VSCode, prettier, and eslint Experience with Unix Experience with PhotoShop Familiar with ES6 Node, Docker, Mongo, MySQL / PostgreSQL Development experience in other modern web technologies like Vue and Angular Experience with testing frameworks such as Mocha Work remotely Competitive Salary Paid Vacation Health and Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID26:
Use React and Material-Ui programming language in order to create user-friendly web pages Maintain and improve company website Work in a multidisciplinary team with other professionals such as back-end developers and web designers Build high-quality mockups and design different prototypes Provide high-quality graphics and visual elements Optimize our web applications for maximum speed Always stay consistent with our brand guidelines Make suggestions for better solutions to problems Keep abreast of the latest and emerging technologies Attend training and educations An interest in Ai modeling and data curation Excellent knowledge of browser troubleshooting and debugging practices and techniques Knowledge of some SEO principles 3-5 years of experience with markup languages Strong copywriting skills 3-5 years of experience with React,JavaScript, CSS and jQuery Knowledge of graphics software such as Adobe Suite, Photoshop etc. Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success Critical thinker and problem-solving skills Team player Good time-management skills Great interpersonal and communication skills BA in Computer Science or similar relevant field Bonus pay Flexible schedule Profit sharing 8 hour shift Overtime Bachelor's Degree (preferred) React: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID27:
Help our customers build great user experiences by working closely with product and design to discover and build solutions that are scalable and performant. Be an active contributor to features, bugs, and maintenance work that the team is responsible for. Work collaboratively with engineers across a variety of domains and time zones. Readily give and receive feedback to improve our products, teams, and yourself. Promote simple and elegant solutions that balance current needs while keeping an eye on the future. Knowledge of JavaScript or TypeScript. Advanced knowledge in one of Angular, React. Experience in solving problems collaboratively. Expertise in applying and promoting industry best practices. Readiness to embrace and enhance UserTesting's core principles: #GetBetter #DriveResults #CustomersFirst #BeKind #KeepItSimple. Experience working with GraphQL & REST APIs Experience in working with service-oriented architectures. 
ScrapedJobID28:
Collaborate with other developers or independently on projects Accept or willing to work on projects that are either in WordPress / Shopify / Angular / React Troubleshoot, monitor, and maintain client’s websites occasionally Capable of analyzing problems/issues with clients with little directions / instructions Push, pull, and merge GIT repositories Communicate with project progress daily by using the project management software Constantly improving coding skills to ensure best practises Ability to read and analyze API’s and other third-party libraries and plugins Learn other development tools and web frameworks to keep up with the latest technologies Keep up with the latest technologies by learning other development tools and web frameworks Proven working experience in web programming 1-2+ years experience developing in either Angular / React / jQuery 2-3+ years experience developing in WordPress / Shopify / Laravel / Drupal Experience developing in HTML/CSS/Javascript Experience working with MySql, GIT, APIs Knowledge of basic Search Engine Optimization Strong communication skills both written and verbal Ability to communicate solutions / recommendations to clients Responsive, patient and courteous Bonus pay Casual dress Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID29:
Turn our sketched products into React Native iOS / Android applications Architect, build, and maintain excellent React Native applications with clean code. Implement pixel-perfect UI's that match designs. Implement clean, modern, smooth animations and transitions that provide an excellent user experience. Write unit and integration tests. Release applications to the Apple and Google Play stores. Work with native modules when required. Work as part of a small team, which will include other React developers, a project manager, QA professionals, and a designer. Complete two-week sprints, and participate in sprint retrospectives. Assist with building estimates. Work with modern tools including Teamwork, Slack, GitHub, Google Docs, etc. NodeJS/Javascript Experience developing in both iOS and Android Experience with React Native (Flutter an asset) Supported and built applications beyond the prototype stage Experience interfacing with both REST and GraphQL APIs Ability to flow chart and design architectures Ability to troubleshoot Git and source code management required skills and knowledge An opportunity to work in a growing company pioneering the agricultural tech industry Competitive salary, benefits, and a very accommodative vacation policy An environment where you can learn and grow your talent to its fullest potential Join a team of talented individuals who are passionate about food and making a better future 
ScrapedJobID30:
Collegial (DEC or AEC) Minimum 1 year experience in Web development Proficiency with the React Framework Proficiency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ECMAScript 6) Experience with adaptive web technologies (Responsive Web Design) Experience with Webpack & Babel, as well as the package managers ( NPM or Yarn ) Knowledge of Photoshop and Illustrator (an asset) Knowledge of NodeJs (an asset) Knowledge of asp.net and .NET Core (an asset) Artistic and practical vision Autonomy and good management of priorities Strong ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Good teamwork skills Crazy passionate of the details... devils are in the details. 
ScrapedJobID31:
Collegial (DEC or AEC) Minimum 1 year experience in Web development Proficiency with the React Framework Proficiency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ECMAScript 6) Experience with adaptive web technologies (Responsive Web Design) Experience with Webpack & Babel, as well as the package managers ( NPM or Yarn ) Knowledge of Photoshop and Illustrator (an asset) Knowledge of NodeJs (an asset) Knowledge of asp.net and .NET Core (an asset) Artistic and practical vision Autonomy and good management of priorities Strong ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Good teamwork skills Crazy passionate of the details... devils are in the details. 
ScrapedJobID32:
Have passion and experience for building responsive, elegant and engaging experiences with future friendly web technologies. Work closely with designers to take wireframes from conception to implementation and design and improve user interfaces Work with the IBM Design System to implement UIs Work in JavaScript, Node.js or frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular Are skilled in UI Development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JSON and API usage Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Design Thinking Methodology Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology You’ll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. At the nexus of engineering and design, you will be instrumental in bringing industry-defining software products, cloud services and web applications to users around the world. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: HTML, CSS, UI Development, JavaScript, Node.js React, Vue, Angular Familiarity with one or more automation testing framework Must be eligible to work 16 months starting in May Knowledge of Backbone.js, Angular.js, React, Ember.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, and JQuery Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID33:
Design, build, test and deploy new features for our web application Produce easy to read and maintain code Participate in sprint planning sessions with the team Participate in story evaluation sessions with the team Demonstrate your work to the product’s stakeholders Review peer code and architecture 4+ years experience as a front-end developer In depth knowledge of JavaScript, including ES6 In depth knowledge of CSS3 and semantic HTML Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks, especially React and React Hooks Familiarity with modern UI/UX, Accessibility, Responsive Design Understanding of WAI-ARIA, WCAG standards, Microdata/Microformats, SVGs Tools and Processes: GIT, Docker, NPM, Continuous Integration, JIRA, GSuite Experience or appreciation for Agile mindset and methodology Have deployed code to production that is utilized by thousands of users Experience working with automation and continuous integration tools Experience working with APIs and single page applications Experience with unit tests, integration tests, performance tests and tuning to enable high performance / low latency experiences Experience working fully remote with a distributed team Experience working for a SaaS company Experience working with startup and small teams Must be legally eligible to work in Canada as an employee Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Remote work Flexible work hours Comprehensive benefits package (health, dental, vision care) An amazing rewards and recognition platform; we’ll help you achieve not just your career goals, but your personal goals as well! 
ScrapedJobID34:
Build websites across a variety of CMS, LMS, and eCommerce platforms, like Wordpress, Thinkific, Shopify, Contentful, and others. Create user experiences that leverage more than one platform or service, which requires strategic thinking and custom integrations. Collaborate closely with designers and project managers to make every detail come to life. Interface with clients to ensure their projects are delivered on time and with a high level of quality.‍ Experience with modern CMS solutions such as Sanity, Prismic, or Contentful, in addition to working experience of the WordPress CMS and ecosystem Experience with eCommerce as well as user authentication Knowledgeable and experienced in applying best practices for general web development, performance and security Experience working with REST APIs and webhooks Proficiency with version control and GIT Ability to write and maintain high quality and well-documented code using software development best practices Excellent communication and time management skills A great team player who is motivated to collaborate and contribute Experience with data tracking data and analytics systems (GA, MixPanel, Heap, etc.) Experience with SaaS learning platforms, like Thinkific, Teachable, Kajabi, Podia, etc. Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID35:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be responsible for designing and developing a highly responsive React UI to present data in a way that allows senior front office to assess their risk exposure You will work on migrating the existing application from C# to React, and will build reusable components and front-end libraries in React, optimized for maximum performance across a range of mobile devices and browsers You will work with the latest web technologies and influence the web strategy for the team You will be expected to promote best practices, in terms of development tools, technologies and testing You will support different phases of the product lifecycle including analysis, development and testing You will be a technically proficient and enthusiastic developer, with a desire to work on the full software stack in order to help engineer new and existing components 5+ years of relevant experience React JavaScript ES10, HTML5 and CSS3 Automated GUI testing Linux and Shell scripting Excellent Communication Skills Experience in complete dev cycle A passion for learning and a strong interest in the financial industry are essential Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID36:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID37:
Find Solutions | Create technical solutions that fit the requirements presented to the team using the latest front-end technologies. Test, debug, and optimize web application performance. Create | Follow pre-existing programming paradigms and write clean re-usable code that is maintainable and follow any existing and/or new frameworks. Collaborate | Work together with design, creative, technology and project management. Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative ideas to solutions. A builder | Entrepreneurial thinker coupled with strong technical skills. Open and collaborative | We are close-knit and supportive and we're working with a lot of unknowns – you champion encouraging team environments. Optimistic and focused | Dig in and figure out how to work around problems. You place an importance on the details and can manage your time across many projects. Ego-less | We all wear the hats that need wearing, it's a mentality that makes the team successful. 2+ years of experience in a similar role. Experience working with Agile methodology. Knowledge of LESS/SASS and client-side scripting languages and JavaScript frameworks such as React and jQuery. Experience with AODA an asset. Ability to clearly express ideas and ask intelligent questions. An enterprising approach and a desire to find creative solutions. Curiosity and passion for learning about testing strategies, tools, and automation. 
ScrapedJobID38:
CSS, HTML5 and JavaScript Net Environment (ASP.NET MVC) jQuery, LESS/SASS, Bootstrap, AJAX and RWD Front-End Debugging Tools (ex. Chrome) Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack Create, integrate and maintain responsive design Collaborate in an Agile environment along with a dynamic team composed of software developers, architects, product managers and quality assurance specialists Innovate and optimize Web structure to maximize reuse and facilitate maintenance Ensure the trusty performance of our sites on all platforms: mobile, Web and tablet Configure and test the display of each site on multiple platform screens (responsive design) ensuring its compatibility with different Web browsers Optimize and improve website user experience (UX) Recommend and apply best Web practices Technical or Collegial diploma pertaining to Web Development or Multimedia Integration 7-8 years’ experience in a similar position Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Excellent knowledge of our technologies, especially CSS and HTML Excellent Knowledge of JavaScript Knowledge of Frameworks Javascript (Angular, VueJS) Strong interest for technology watch Critical spirit related to Visual Design Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Basic knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator applications Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Possibilities of international assignments 
ScrapedJobID39:
Evolve and enhance User Interface of our core SimplePin application and Company website Participate in the analysis, elaboration, and estimation of customer requirements and specifications Design, develop, and deploy new production-quality features and functionality that meet customer requirements Maintain and improve existing code, including monitoring for front-end errors, reporting errors to internal bug tracking system Build high-quality mockups and design different prototypes Collaborate with application support to analyze, troubleshoot, reproduce, and resolve production issues reported by customers Work with other team members on release planning and deployment activities Innovate and improve development and implementation processes and tools by advocating technologies and designs that promote efficiency, reliability, and reusability Be proactive, facilitate knowledge sharing, and continually improve our activities Perform code and layout reviews, refactoring, and assisting other developers Provide technical solutions related to User Interface and User Experience Ensure all personal deliverables are done with highest level of quality, on time, and done according specifications Ensure that the goals and objectives are accomplished within defined timeframes and allocated budgets Analyze business requirements, provide the feedback to stakeholders. Perform technical investigation of customer support issues and provide resolution Track time and deliver time-sheets on weekly basis Perform technical research and present innovative solutions which contribute to company success Other tasks as assigned 3+ years’ Front-end Development and IT experience A fundamental understanding of designing for different technologies, platforms and browsers Experience using software best practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Fluency in the principles of user-centered design methods, information architecture, usability, and interface and interaction design A firm grasp of a range of UX tools, processes, and outcomes Strong debugging and analytical skills Worked as part of Scrum teams or similar iterative Agile development methodologies Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in software engineering or computer science Practiced continuous improvement and promoted knowledge sharing Capable of managing assigned tasks and meeting deadlines Excellent interpersonal, communication, collaboration, and writing skills Proactive problem solver Multi-tasking capabilities with ability to adjust to paced environment Works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from technical management Attention to details Fluent in spoken and written English is a plus Experience in HTML5 technologies, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS, Ajax and JavaScript/jQuery. Experience in developing responsive cross-browser/cross-platform UIs for web applications. Knowledge of graphics software such as Adobe Suite, Photoshop etc. Understanding of Core Java development practices Proficiency in Unix Operation Systems with experience in Linux / Bash scripting Knowledge of Apache Wickets framework Knowledge of Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and Service desk. Drupal CMS experience is a plus Experience with financial math is a plus Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Software design and development 
ScrapedJobID40:
Design and build web application using JavaScript, React.js, jQuery, HTML, CSS Collaborate with a team to design, develop and ship new features. Review code and handle merge requests from other developers. Work with Senior staff to breakdown tasks and provide estimation. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs. Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization. Minimum bachelor's degree in computer science or completion of a college program in web design, computer science, graphic arts or a related field. Minimum 2 years of recent work experience in web application development experience. Minimum 1 year of experience with React.js, Typescript, NPM. In-depth understanding of JavaScript programming and familiar with ES6. Familiarity with RESTful APIs or similar technologies to interface Web/iOS/Android applications with back-end services. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git and the associated best practices. Experience with React Native and mobile platforms is a plus. Good verbal & written communications skills. 
ScrapedJobID41:
Strong knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming concepts. Strong knowledge of Database concepts. Basic programming knowledge of Javascript, HTML, CSS. Angular or React is preferred. Excellent communication skills. Willingness to learn new technologies. Masters Degree in a related area. 
ScrapedJobID42:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID43:
Modern JavaScript framework experience or other programming languages Experience working with PHP based frameworks Experience consuming REST-style APIs in addition to single page application (SPA) experience Experience with CSS and SASS/SCSS Knowledge and syntactical proficiency of HTML5 spec Experience with Vanilla CSS in addition to CSS frameworks such as Buefy, Vuetify, Bootstrap Experience with GraphQL Comfortable working with a package manager such as NPM Experience with build tools such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Experience with Nuxt.js and Next.js Exposure and working knowledge of the latest ES6+ features Server-side node.js experience 
ScrapedJobID44:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline JavaScript Async Calls Socket / Websockets Flexible schedule Profit sharing Work from home Monday to Friday React: 2 years (required) Next.JS: 1 year (preferred) Node.js: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID45:
Develop new features for the Web app Work closely with both development and product teams Review User Stories prior to development Participate in daily scrums, and weekly sprint meetings Provide bug fixes for existing features Peer review code from other members of the team Support the planning, feature estimation, and scoping of development work Collaborate with other team members to ensure timely delivery of new features 1+ years of demonstrated experience in Web app development (not just static web) Experience and fluency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, RESTful web services, and React JS (knowledge of VueJS and AngularJS is a plus) Experience using Git as a version control system Experience in responsive layout implementation Familiar with front-end debugging tools using Chrome dev tools or equivalent Experience working in an Agile Delivery model Experience with WebPack, NodeJS, Express, ES2016, Sass or Less Experience with automated testing React Web App using Redux Git using GitHub JIRA Company equity / stock option grants Comprehensive and flexible health benefits plan 3 weeks of paid vacation per year, increasing with seniority 1 week of paid personal leave per year Annual professional self-development stipend Casual dress code Flexible work schedule 
ScrapedJobID46:
Develop new features for the Web app Work closely with both development and product teams Review User Stories prior to development Participate in daily scrums, and weekly sprint meetings Provide bug fixes for existing features Peer review code from other members of the team Support the planning, feature estimation, and scoping of development work Collaborate with other team members to ensure timely delivery of new features 1+ years of demonstrated experience in Web app development (not just static web) Experience and fluency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, RESTful web services, and React JS (knowledge of VueJS and AngularJS is a plus) Experience using Git as a version control system Experience in responsive layout implementation Familiar with front-end debugging tools using Chrome dev tools or equivalent Experience working in an Agile Delivery model Experience with WebPack, NodeJS, Express, ES2016, Sass or Less Experience with automated testing React Web App using Redux Git using GitHub JIRA Company equity / stock option grants Comprehensive and flexible health benefits plan 3 weeks of paid vacation per year, increasing with seniority 1 week of paid personal leave per year Annual professional self-development stipend Casual dress code Flexible work schedule 
ScrapedJobID47:
Develop new user-facing features Optimize application and website for mobile use and maximum speed Review/improve current features and code Test features and designs to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Collaborate with CTO and Head of Marketing to keep improving on design Write SOP's and code libraries for future team members Support in on-boarding of additional team members as required Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery). Experience using React Native library Understanding of key design principles Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Strong understanding of SEO Familiarity with gamification for both the website and app Desire to challenge the status-quo and develop new ideas or approaches that haven't been considered Keen to both learn and teach - leadership comes from all levels of the organization but we also always have blind spots we can improve on Willingness to try new approaches or accept ideas from other members on the team Experience leading projects/roadmap design is a bonus Ability to be both autonomous in your role and collaborative in the team when required Competitive salary Personal electric scooter for the duration of summer STM Metro Pass for Winter season Company laptop Coffee & snacks Monthly team activities and events Health & Dental Insurance 
ScrapedJobID48:
Developing complex User Interfaces using modern Single Page Architecture libraries / frameworks Translating designs and wireframes into responsive web apps with keen eye for detail Optimizing components by profiling and fine tuning across multiple web browsers Understanding business requirements and translating them into technical requirements Ability to drive a project from inception to completion autonomously Closely collaborating with the Design, Back End, QA and Mobile Teams Directly interacting with our clients and stakeholders Actively maintaining and contributing to our Open Source projects and internal initiatives 5+ years of experience developing Single Page JavaScript Applications using Angular (v12.1) Working knowledge of TypeScript Working knowledge of state management libraries (NgRx) Responsive web design using CSS preprocessors (LESS / SASS) Back-end API integration using JSON and RESTful web services Behaviour driven testing using Jasmine and Karma Modern front-end build pipelines and tools (Webpack / Babel / NPM) Deployment using Cloud Computing Services (AWS / Azure) Version control systems (GIT) Complete this application and include your CV. Please provide references. If your profile matches what we are looking for, we'll contact you and setup a short video call We will set up an interview at our office or via video conference. We’ll talk about your experience, what you think about patterns, architecture, and some everyday situations while developing an app. We will send you a coding challenge! You will be working on solving specific task pertaining to User Interface development and integration with RESTful services. After receiving the code challenge, we’ll come to a decision. 
ScrapedJobID49:
Flexible schedule Work from home Front-end development: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID50:
Training in software development; Training in financial markets, project management and consultancy skills; Gaining practical project work experience and working in an agile team; Hands-on training from some of the leading consultants in the industry; Working with high-profile clients using the latest technology stacks; Experienced, supportive, smart and friendly colleagues; Working alongside grads from our other offices. A strong interest and understanding of front-end technologies like JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3; Understand basic networking such as HTTP and TCP/IP; Some coding experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, C# or similar. This could have been gained at university, job or placement; Armed with a strong desire to progress and learn; A quick learner with excellent communication skills to efficiently leverage the knowledge of more experienced members of the team; BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Maths or Science (as long as you are interested in coding) or equivalent (we are flexible for candidates with real, hands-on experience). 23 days vacation Health insurance (dental and medical) Short-term disability and long-term disability Commuter benefits Employee Assistance Programme Life Insurance Pension scheme Gym plan 
ScrapedJobID51:
Contribute to both client-facing and internal applications development, while delivering a great UI experience. Participate in design decisions and collaborate in technical reviews. Be a gatekeeper of the codebase and ensure that it stays stable, readable, and free of technical debt, while building & improving code across the entire stack. Identify opportunities for improvement and make constructive suggestions for change. Participate in development opportunities including training. Occasionally assist with recruitment, e.g. interviewing new team members. 2+ years of experience as a professional software developer. Proven familiarity with modern JavaScript, and intimate knowledge of the JS ecosystem (tooling, libraries, etc.), HTML, and CSS. High level familiarity with one or more front-end frameworks, especially React. Software development fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, etc.). Knowledge of good practices and design patterns, and writing idiomatic JavaScript code. Well developed written and verbal communications skills, including the ability to read, write, and speak English. Ability to legally work in Canada or the US. B.Sc. degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Experience with the AWS ecosystem of products. Understanding of performance implications and scalability of code. Experience with complex code bases and know how to maintain them. Keenness for writing good, meaningful tests and maintaining thorough test coverage. Experience in the Financial Services industry. Javascript codebase: NodeJS, Express. React front-end. REST, Socket.IO, GraphQL. PostgreSQL DB, Sequelize ORM. Serverless Infrastructure: AWS–including Lambda, DynamoDB, Step Functions, Cognito, EventBridge, S3, SQS, and many more. Casual dress Company events Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday professional software developer: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (required) HTML: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID52:
Building reusable components and screens using React/Typescript Collaborating with UI/UX designers to translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Working with the team and stakeholders to continuously deliver features aligned with our vision Collaborating with backend developers to design efficient REST API endpoints that you will leverage in the pages that you build Help improve our internal tooling and deployment processes Strong knowledge of modern JavaScript (ES6) and/or Typescript Strong knowledge of HTML5, CSS, SASS and good sense of UX design Strong knowledge of modern frontend frameworks/libraries such as React and state managers like MobX or Redux Experience with continuous delivery (Gitlab pipelines) A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality product is important A knack for benchmarking and optimization Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Ability to communicate (written and spoken) effectively and collaborate with customers and team in an Agile environment (Sprints, SCRUM, Jira boards...) Highly motivated and passionate about technology Experience with Bash & Unix/Linux platforms Experience with Kubernetes Automated test development experience Interest to work with backend technology as well (Java) Familiar with financial market data and/or trading systems Knowledgeable & curious colleagues – From all walks of life and from all over the globe, our team members, whether in a senior, intermediate, or junior position, are more than happy to help you learn faster, who'll love learning from you and also, about you. Collaborative culture – Your input will be sought by other teams across the organization because we know we are all interconnected. You will have a direct impact on the way we do things around here. We built an environment of trust where we know the best work is done together and no one gets left behind. Technical challenges – It’s never a boring day when you constantly leverage your expertise and work with innovative technology to find solutions. You will see your suggestions and recommendations being implemented, having a direct impact on the company’s growth. Growth is encouraged – We embrace advancement and want to make sure that you feel empowered to grow and experience as much as possible while you’re here. We partner with you to guide you on your career objectives in all transparency. We know that one of the best places to find our future leaders/experts is internally and endorse those who have learned and progressed with us! Flexible Remote/Office Work Environment – What suits you best? You can work remotely from home and/or choose to go to our office... or why not both? You choose! Our office space has a great view of the Mount-Royal, plenty of natural light, and not to mention... a keg and pool table. Flexible hours – We recognize that you work hard and we encourage you to take the time to rest and recover when you’ve gone over and above the call of duty to get something done. Competitive benefits – We keep our ear to the market to reward your hard work and compensate you properly. We offer a comprehensive healthcare plan including medical, dental, telemedicine, and so on... 
ScrapedJobID53:
Developing the front-end of the various tools 6ix employs Running comprehensive usability tests to ensure it meets the highest standards possible. Ensuring our product runs seamlessly on all devices and browsers. Develop and implement strategies on how to enhance the user experience across our products. Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate with their solutions. Build reusable code and libraries for future use and follow emerging technologies. Track your key performance indicators (KPIs) and be accountable to achieving them. Communicate and coordinate closely with team members and manager to ensure that deliverables are of high-quality and on-time. 5 years experience in a similar role. Fluent in HTML, CSS (critical) Fluent in Bootstrap, Angular JS, ReactJS, Ember. Must have experience with the latest Angular Framework 2/4/6/7/8/9. Experience working with server-side CSS pre-processing platforms like LESS, SASS. Experience working with client-side scripting and Javascript frameworks. Familiarity with design tools (Figma, Sketch, Photoshop) Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and work arounds Experienced in cloud-based solutions and responsive design. Experience working in an Agile environment. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree. Excellent communication skills and an ability to work as part of a time in a fast-moving environment. Excellent organizational skills and an ability to set and meet ambitious targets. 
ScrapedJobID54:
Knowledge of best practices building a clean codebase. eg. file maintenance, component structure Portfolio demonstrating your frontend skills Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Strong knowledge of fundamentals of JavaScript without a framework 2-5 years exp. with one or many of the top JavaScript frameworks or libraries. ie. React, Vue, Angular Strong knowledge of CSS Comfortable with the command line and git utilities Worked with large projects from inception to completion Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with Node Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID55:

ScrapedJobID56:
Transform visual comps into rich web interactions that are fluidly responsive, performant, semantic, and accessible. Collaborate with visual and user experience designers on wireframes, interactive prototypes, and production-ready web experiences. Evaluate design deliverables for build feasibility and provide constructive feedback to internal, client-side, and third-party designers, user experience designers, and project managers. Perform cross-browser testing and remediation for front-end performance and visual quality assurance. Partner with UX designers, web engineers and managers to move a project through development and launch. Build interactive components with modern JavaScript and React Participate in Sprint planning, retrospectives, and client demos. At least three years experience with front-end development Strong understanding of HTML, CSS including cross-browser compatibility, and basic WCAG accessibility compliance. Ability to write modern, performant, and accessible JavaScript using latest technologies. Experience using React Experience using Git. Proven ability to transform a static comp into a website from the ground up. Being collaborative, self-motivated, and an “always-learning” person, excited to create great web experiences. Experience in task runners and bundlers like: Grunt, Gulp, and Webpack. Experience with coded style guides and creating highly componentized systems. Experience with coding PHP, specifically for WordPress. Experience using WordPress as a CMS Experience with Gutenberg and building out custom blocks. Experience with Adobe XD or Design Software. Design experience or formal design education. Extended health care Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Front-end development: 1 year (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID57:
Perform full lifecycle equipment development (design, develop, test, manufacture, commission, maintain, support, continuous improvement). Collaborate with multi-disciplinary engineering team. Perform detailed documentation to track project development and design process. Actively participate in daily stand ups. Identify design weaknesses and formulate effective continuous improvements. Generate working prototypes for beta testing. 3+ years of relevant work experience in a similar Front End Development work Hands on experience working with React, React Native frameworks Hands on experience developing application for Electron framework Proficient with git and git workflows Experience working in teams of at least 5 other developers Knowledge in debugging of data at the TCP/IP level is a very strong asset Some back end experience would be greatly beneficial 
ScrapedJobID58:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with team members, Software Developers and QA. Perform maintenance programming for existing versions. Perform custom programming as assigned. Fix defects and add features to software. Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration. Provide recommendations for improvements in the overall development process. Stay current with trends, techniques, technology, and other factors impacting the job. Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations/ideas on design projects. University degree in a Computer Science or Software Engineering. 3-5 years of HTML, CSS and ASP.NET development experience. Experience making UI/UX design decisions. Detail oriented, can easily context switch and have excellent organizational skills. C# and .NET framework experience, Blazor-specific experience preferred 
ScrapedJobID59:
Participate in project planning meetings to design and document software features, requirements, and specifications Communicate effectively with end users to determine software requirements Write and maintain code in conjunction with other developers and changing requirements Read and write documentation for code Maintain, support, and enhance legacy applications Assist Senior development team with business development initiatives (demonstrations, client meetings, presentations, bids and proposal support, etc.) Remain current on web technology trends, and rapidly learn and apply new skills and tools during the life cycle of a project Clear understanding of computer programming principles React.js, GraphQL, Azure Comfortable using Visual Studio Code Hardware/Software experience with servers, desktops, laptops and printers in a Windows environment Ability to work in a team environment Good troubleshooting and strong analytical thinking skills Self starter and motivated Ability to learn on their own Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID60:
MobSquad solves the significant and growing technology talent shortage faced by US-based start-ups and scale-ups by enabling its clients to quickly have a turnkey "virtual" Canadian subsidiary. MobSquad ensures technology professionals with US work visa challenges remain working with their current company, but nearshore from Canada. This is accomplished via MobSquad's unique partnership with the Canadian Government, enabling work visas to be issued for technology professionals and their respective families within four to six weeks, and Canadian permanent residency within six to eight months. Additionally, MobSquad has unfettered access to top-tier global technology talent which it relocates to Canada and pairs with American as well as Canadian clients on an exclusive, long-term basis, helping firms not only retain their existing world-class technology talent base, but grow it substantially. We're a Certified B corporation, and have made numerous contributions to charitable organizations, as well as a financial commitment to the Upside Foundation. We believe we are playing a key role in enhancing Canada's innovation economy, and have received financial support from the Government of Canada, Province of Alberta, Province of Nova Scotia, and City of Calgary, to support this ambition. For our workplace culture, we were recognized as the 3rd best place to work in Canada (for a small company) in 2020, as well as recognized specifically for being one of the best workplaces nationally for: inclusion; mental wellness; giving back; youth; and technology. We were also recognized as one of the best start-ups to work for across Canada. For our innovative business model, we have been featured in numerous media outlets including: Asian Pacific Post; BetaKit; Bloomberg; CBC; Global News; Gothamist; International Business Times; MIT Technology Review; Nearshore Americas; Nikkei Asian Review; NPR; The Economic Times of India; The Financial Times; The Globe and Mail; The Information; The New York Times; and_ The Washington Post._ Harvard Business School published a case study on MobSquad last fall, and Harvard Business Review featured us multiple times in an article that appeared on the cover of their November/December 2020 edition. You can learn more about us on our website. You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a comparable field from an accredited institution You have over seven years of experience working on the front-end You have over seven years of experience with JavaScript You have experience working with TypeScript, and front-end web development (e.g., HTML, CSS) You have experience with tools including Grunt, Gulp, and/or Webpack You have experience working with React, Vue, web components, and functional interfaces You have experience with back-end development including the use of Node.js and GraphQL (Apollo) You have experience with back-end frameworks including Python/Django You have experience working with RESTful APIs to connect to back-end services You have experience designing and implementing large, scalable, and secure web applications You have knowledge of Software Design principles and various architectural patterns You have demonstrated the ability to develop high-quality code adhering to industry best practices (i.e., code review, unit tests, revision control) You are a self-starter, a quick learner, and are adept at turning high-level guidance into action-oriented plans You are detail-oriented, and have fantastic organizational skills A full-time position that offers competitive compensation A benefits program delivered through our bespoke digital platform, giving you control, choice, and flexibility. We give you the ability to build your package of benefits covering health (e.g., medical, dental, vision), wellness (e.g., gym, workout gear, massage, transit), and RRSP (retirement savings) A downtown office location with first-rate amenities, surrounded by great restaurants and easily-accessible transit For international candidates, sponsorship for an immediate work permit, expedited permanent residency, and Canadian citizenship within four years 
ScrapedJobID61:
Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability How many years of development experience do you have? Yes 
ScrapedJobID62:
Creating responsive interactive websites and integrating with our in-house CMS Creating complex animations, games and experiences based on existing designs Applying industry best practices in web accessibility (WCAG 2.0), search engine optimization and analytics 10+ years of experience working with HTML/CSS/JS 5+ years of experience building interactive experiences with HTML canvas and animation libraries Keen eye for design and presentation Knowledge of fluid responsive UX design principles and best practices Experience working with CSS preprocessors (SASS/SCSS/Less/etc.) Experience working within a content management system, developing templates and reusable items, utilizing dynamic variables and functions Experience with modern JavaScript libraries Experience working with Adobe CS and UX prototyping software Experience with Microsoft Office suite or similar Ability to work autonomously and manage various home office tasks (home networking, OS updates, etc.) Dedicated and self-motivated: able to produce superb work on tight timelines and with minimal supervision Flexible and adaptable in the face of rapidly changing requirements and priorities Obsessed with quality, both in their own work and in the overall projects they contribute to A passionate advocate, who can argue for the best approach in a productive and professional way Great at working with multi-disciplinary teams, and with both technical and non-technical people Naturally curious and genuine interest in self-learning Excellent benefits package Flexible working conditions Opportunities for career challenges and growth, you help decide where you want to be and we’ll help you get there Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift working with HTML/CSS/JS: 10 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID63:
Flexible schedule Work from home Front-end development: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID64:
Work independently with Designers, Marketers and Product Owners to successfully launch websites and web applications by scheduled delivery dates. Provide guidance and advice on techniques that improve RBC Ventures’ collective understanding of web development and technology considerations. Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using the best software development best practices. Work with internal teams to integrate data feeds from various back-end services and databases. Acts as a key partner of Venture teams to improve, expand and scale their online and mobile web presence. Provide detailed documentation and hand-off material and training to Marketers, Product Owners and Developers as necessary. Stay plugged into emerging technologies, industry trends and best practices and apply them into projects and daily activities when applicable. Coordinating with UI/UX Designers to ensure UI/UX designs are technically workable and interactive BA/BS degree Computer Science (CS), Systems Design / Human Factors Engineering or a related field or equivalent practical experience. A minimum of 3 years of experience in designing and developing usable web interfaces across multiple channels and platforms. Superb functional knowledge and experience in the following: Complete knowledge of programming languages like Javascript, HTML, and CSS Experience with web development tools like Git, jQuery, and Bootstrap Familiarity with other JS libraries like ExtJS, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js and other frameworks Experience with Wordpress, Webflow, Contentful, and Unbounce Experience integrating/configuring content management systems Familiarity with browser testing and debugging Server architecture Experience with server-side frameworks Knowledge of SEO principles Web Accessibility, building towards AA compliance General understanding of DevOps workflows Knowledge of software back-end systems and services / APIs Ability to multitask with strict time constraints, budgets and business goals Strong communication skills Problem solving in terms of building working systems rather than improving individual parts Ability to work in an Agile environment A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID65:
Review and understand functional requirements to be able to conceive and present application designs and prototypes. Document and publish technical requirements, design and functional specifications for use by internal teams. Evaluate existing functionality and propose and implement improvements and extensions as required by the overall architecture of the product. Participate in the evaluation and resolution of defect ticket reports for new as well as legacy components Contribute to the team’s software development lifecycle improvement initiatives by utilizing standard practices as well proposing areas of improvement – design, planning, implementation, testing, and documentation. 5+ years of web development experience with Angular and/or AngularJS Experience with migrating applications from AngularJS to Angular Experience with NPM, grunt, webpack JS module bundler Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks, such as Jasmine, Protractor, etc. Experience developing and using REST APIs Must have development experience with a focus on unit testing Must be an expert in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript OO Development, JSON Experience with Java application servers - Tomcat/JBoss/Wildfly Experience with Java Web Application framework (Struts, Spring, JSF, etc.) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 3+ years of software development experience with Java and JSP/Servlet technologies. Strong grasp of object-oriented design and implementation Experience with XML, Hibernate Proficient on both Windows and Linux Prior experience with Agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID66:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID67:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance analysis and documentation to ensure that software meets business needs Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend style guides and templates for scalability across application use Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, maintaining existing code and refactor to meet deadlines or to increase maintainability, performance, and responsiveness Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain front end dev standards, technologies, and tools. Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End development for team growth Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass etc. Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux lifecyclesNode.js) Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant applications Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new technologies to improve the architecture and boost page speed Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized problem solving and troubleshooting skills Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID68:
or equivalent experience WordPress Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID69:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application front-ends using Vue.js and Ember.js Javascript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with web development languages, Git branching strategies, responsive design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID70:
Develop and maintain custom Shopify themes. Contribute to internal projects and planning discussions. Develop reusable code and libraries for future use. Develop documentation for code standards, and workflows. 1-2 years of development experience. Strong knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3. Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Great sense of teamwork. Sharp attention to detail. Strong problem-solving abilities and comprehension of greater business objectives. Demonstrated commitment to personal and professional growth. Strong desire to help other businesses grow. Desire to learn the Liquid (Shopify) templating language and master the Shopify & Shopify Plus platforms. Familiarity with GIT version control. Passionate about technology. Experience building Shopify themes or using the platform. Knowledge of the Liquid templating language. Experience with Sass (CSS) and Vue.js HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Liquid, Vue.js, Sass Git through GitHub Webpack Shopify Theme Kit Jira Slack Google Suite Medical, dental & life insurance! Hybrid work model – work from the home or the office at your preference Flex dollars to be used on anything you feel will increase your physical and mental well-being Access to Dialogue, a telemedicine application that gives easy access to nurses, physicians, therapists, nutritionists, etc. Cellphone and gym allowance MacBook Pro / Lenovo Thinkpad for business and personal use No dress code, but please wear pants :) 
ScrapedJobID71:
Use React and Material-Ui programming language in order to create user-friendly web pages Maintain and improve company website Work in a multidisciplinary team with other professionals such as back-end developers and web designers Build high-quality mockups and design different prototypes Provide high-quality graphics and visual elements Optimize our web applications for maximum speed Always stay consistent with our brand guidelines Make suggestions for better solutions to problems Keep abreast of the latest and emerging technologies Attend training and educations An interest in Ai modeling and data curation Excellent knowledge of browser troubleshooting and debugging practices and techniques Knowledge of some SEO principles 3-5 years of experience with markup languages Strong copywriting skills 3-5 years of experience with React,JavaScript, CSS and jQuery Knowledge of graphics software such as Adobe Suite, Photoshop etc. Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success Critical thinker and problem-solving skills Team player Good time-management skills Great interpersonal and communication skills BA in Computer Science or similar relevant field Bonus pay Flexible schedule Profit sharing 8 hour shift Overtime Bachelor's Degree (preferred) React: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID72:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques clés pour répondre aux besoins des clients pour un produit; Participer à la création de l’architecture conceptuelle de sites web, des applications et autres projets connexes aux technologies du Web; Participer à l’estimation du travail avec l’équipe de développement; Participer à l’élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Prendre en charge l’implémentation de modules Web performants suivant l'architecture mise en place. Participate in defining key technical requirements to meet customer needs for a product; Participate in the creation of conceptual game architecture, online communities, virtual worlds, websites and applications (development and integration); Estimate timelines with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Implement efficient Web modules following the technical design architecture. Diplôme et expérience pertinente; Expérience en intégration web multi-navigateur et mobile; Compétences avec les technologies web de base (HTML, CSS, Javascript); Connaissance de frameworks et outils de développement (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Bilinguisme (Français/Anglais); Connaissances de système de gestion de versions (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Expérience avec un CMS PHP (Drupal, Wordpress, etc) est considéré un atout. Relevant degree and experience; Demonstrated skills in multi-browser and mobile web integration; Knowledge of frameworks and development tools (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Knowledge of version management systems (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Experience with a PHP CMS (Drupal 8+, Wordpress, etc) is considered an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID73:
Participate in an interdisciplinary integrated project team environment. Work closely with software, firmware, to develop specialized Graphical User Interface (GUI) firmware on military embedded hardware devices or software designs using the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) development process. This is a cross-discipline role of bridging a GUI implementation role with firmware, and/or software development with user experience to ensure a positive end user experience. Identify and create software user interface requirements and analysis of implementation. Prepare and review design documents. Code and peer review software. Document the analysis, design and test activities in accordance with development standards. Code detailed front-end interface designs of various scope and complexity based on provided product and system level designs. Advocate for the front-end design as part of the UX, HF + D team in working with the development teams to assist with program objectives of meeting end user needs but also in communicating the priorities of these needs. Interface with the UX, HF + D team on the front end/graphical user interface by reviewing and providing feedback on designs both in progress and under implementation. Coordinate and develop front-end user interface with Core Development Teams Actively seeks to improve and assist others in the execution of front-end development for a variety of applications and their development teams; which may include mentorship to different development teams. Has a strong understanding of WPF and MVVM with a willingness to learn and adapt and even advocate for new frameworks. Experience creating Front-end frameworks both from scratch and as part of refactoring efforts. Familiar with working with a Human Factors / UX Team in an agile environment Mentoring teams into creating consistent implementation that matches the design and assists in coordinating assistance or fixes. Development of or support of Human Factors artefacts and design prototypes in a variety of mediums and fidelity as appropriate. Creates and supports innovative and effective end user interfaces as part of a team and able to communicate design rationale. Participates in scrums, release planning and estimating activities A compressed nine-day fortnight and compressed hours – which means every other Friday off A personalized career development plan, alongside regular progress reviews - supporting and valuing your progression within the Company A flexible working environment where your contributions are recognized and rewarded with flexible benefits 
ScrapedJobID74:
Work closely with our web and content marketing teams to design and develop customer facing web pages, emails and landing pages Continuously deploy code, iterate, and use data and UX insights to develop the most impactful features possible across our website Work on UI/UX improvements as well as fix various bugs Participate in design and code reviews to help maintain our high standards of both user experience and code quality Build reusable JS and CSS code for future use Content updates including code reviews, ensuring best SEO practices, continuity of branding and styles and bringing optimization, accessibility and user experience across devices to the for-front Equipped with 1-3 years of experience writing both hand-coded and framework-assisted JavaScript, CSS, and HTML Knowledge of PHP and MySQL Knowledge of and experience working with Wordpress CMS A clear, friendly, and open-minded communicator Basic knowledge of programs like Photoshop and Illustrator Knowledge of UI/UX best practices Bachelor’s Degree or diploma in a relevant field. Knowledge of SEO principles, usability best practices and layout aesthetics Knowledge of GIT and GIT workflows Working with SaaS Knowledge of Marketo 
ScrapedJobID75:
Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, DurandalJS etc. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Basic knowledge of image authoring tools including Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git and SVN Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them. Video edting and compression skills are an asset for video backgrounds Familiarity with coding front end UX for various content managent platforms such as Joomla and Wordpress, as well as Laravel based software applications 
ScrapedJobID76:

ScrapedJobID77:
2+ years experience in a front end web development role Fluency in CSS, HTML, Javascript, React, jQuery and other front end languages Experience in running large scale technical site performance improvement projects Background building interactive web apps Ability to work 25-30 hours per week Webflow experience Experience with ecommerce An understanding of UX/UI and user behavior as it relates to marketing funnels Experience working with Analytics platforms like Segment or Google Analytics. Competitive salary Benefits (vary by location) Equity A highly skilled and dedicated team that is fun to work with Remote work – We are a diverse and distributed team that uses Slack, Zoom, Notion and other tools to stay connected Work in the open: Operate with high integrity and choose what's right over what's easy. Be transparent as a company and with each other People are People: Treat yourself, colleagues, and customers with dignity, empathy, and respect. Start from a presumption of positive intent Win and grow together: Strive to be the best, individually, and as a team. Support and encourage each other. Seek opportunities for growth 
ScrapedJobID78:
Small dedicated teams with lots of freedom on how you get your work done Work from home and/or from our fancy new office! Full health benefits Never work on your birthday! Minimum 1 year experience with jQuery / Javascipt Minimum 1 year experience with Drupal Minimum 1 year experience with HTML5 Minimum 1 year experience with CSS (CSS3 preferred) Experience with Git is mandatory Experience with Sass/Compass an asset Experience with Bootstrap.js an asset Experience with node.js an asset Experience with Zen theme an asset Experience with Twitter Bootstrap an asset Computer science or equivalent post-secondary education Ability to work remotely Self-motivated Exceptional organizational skills French and English an asset 
ScrapedJobID79:
Develop samdesk web and mobile applications Work with our Product Manager, Product Designer and engineering teams to see products from concept to roadmap to realization. Help evolve the samdesk web tech stack to build applications that are performant and responsive. Build components and web standards to be adopted throughout samdesk Write code that is maintainable, tested and in a continuous delivery environment Leverage usage analytics to understand the user behaviour and help make informed product decisions Collaborate with and support your team to build a product you feel genuinely proud of 5 or more years of experience in frontend development roles. Don’t have this? Tell us why we should consider you anyway. Proficiency in Vue, ReactJS, or other modern JS Frameworks. Ability to build and navigate existing components libraries like MUI and/or css frameworks like Bulma Experience building web applications from the ground up including build automation and deployment Motivated by feedback, and the opportunity to improve in your role, in the work, & in how you work together as a team Degree in Computing Science is a bonus! Work with a committed and passionate team of innovators at one of Edmonton’s fastest growing startups We view this role as a career building opportunity as you’ll work with cross functional teams and the world’s most notable brands, selling a life saving solution Competitive compensation and a health benefits package Opportunity to participate in our employee stock option plan A seat on the rocket ship - buckle up! 
ScrapedJobID80:
4+ years experience coding in HTML, CSS, and jQuery, with a passion for front-end interfaces Someone with a passion for web design The ability to review designs and provide a time estimate for your work Someone who can deliver high quality code while adhering to web development best practices Experience writing SEO friendly code Experience using CSS preprocessors such as SASS or LESS Experience using grid-based frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation Experience collaborating with a team Experience in web or interface design Experience with Wordpress, Magento, or other CMS and shopping cart systems Experience in PHP and MySQL Experience using Github Agency experience 
ScrapedJobID81:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID82:
Work from home 8 hour shift Get vaccinated as soon as it’s your turn and follow local guidance on vaccination. Keep physical distance of at least 1 metre from others, even if they don’t appear to be sick. Avoid crowds and close contact. Wear a properly fitted mask Bachelor's Degree (preferred) IT Industry: 8 years (preferred) Web applications and ReactJS: 7 years (preferred) Javascript, HTML5, CSS3, React and Redux: 5 years (preferred) ReactNative and NextJS: 5 years (preferred) AWS: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID83:
Web front-end development using React/Angular, JavaScript, React Native is required
Development experience with Ruby on Rails, Flutter and Dart would also be an asset Development experience with Ruby on Rails, Flutter and Dart would also be an asset Software development tools including IntelliJ, GitHub, Gradle, Jira, Bamboo/TeamCity/Jenkins Flexible approach and ability to work within Linux, Windows, and Mac/OS development environments Solid understanding of high-performance scalable systems Agile and iterative development methodologies AWS or other cloud experience including Terraform/Cloud Formation would be an asset Java enterprise web application development using REST services, Tomcat, SQL, No-SQL, Kafka, Elastic Search, event-driven micro-services architecture, advanced design patterns, and frameworks would be an asset Product testing strategies including automation, performance, and functional testing Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent degree A minimum of 3-5 years of experience in a variety of software development aspects is mandatory Excellent language as well as business and technical communication skills Ability to complete tasks fast and with high quality Competitive salary and benefits A company that has sustainability as one of its core values Corporate support for community volunteering during work hours Employee referral bonus program Learning opportunities including support for training, self-development and well-being Support for the work-life balance including a flexible schedule A personal pizza allowance to share the pizza love with your friends and family This position is located at our New Westminster regional office (next to the New Westminster SkyTrain Station) and travel is sometimes required to our head office in Abbotsford Due to COVID-19, this position is currently remote until further notice 
ScrapedJobID84:
Work closely with internal creative teams and external agencies to build and evolve insightly.com and all other web presence. Work closely with the content marketing team to ensure that the website and other online presence is optimized for SEO. Work closely with Product Marketing and other content teams to ensure that the latest messaging is represented. Ensure that the integration of insightly.com with the marketing automation system is optimized and operational. Debug and troubleshoot layout and scripting issues across a variety of browsers including IE 7+, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome. Work with back-end developers to integrate front-end and back-end code, ensuring design integrity. A bachelor degree in computer sciences or a related field, or equivalent experience. Expert in CMS-based development, primarily WordPress. Expert-level JavaScript programming and working knowledge of at least one popular JavaScript framework. Expert knowledge of JQuery, Bootstrap.js, HTML, CSS, and Ajax, as well as a good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3. Experience consuming services (XML, JSON, SOAP) using Ajax, as well as experience with Java technology stack will be a plus. A motivated self-starter who can proactively recommend improvements to the Insightly website. Excellent problem solving and communication skills. Curiosity for learning new technologies and methods, as well as a desire to build great products. Ability to work individually on a project or in a team environment. Proactive and organized. Career: We offer a well rounded total rewards package including equity for all employees, 401k, career learning & growth opportunities, comprehensive employer-sponsored health plans. Work-life balance:  We offer a generous flexible time off policy in addition to paid company holidays. A company that cares! Insightly is now a 100% remote first company which includes all of the benefits we provide for our employees to best adapt to the challenges and needs of a digital and dispersed workforce. Full IT set up for your home work station (laptop, monitor, keyboard, mouse, monitor stand) $250 one-time Ergonomics Stipend for all employees to set up their home office for success and comfort Starting Jan 2022- $50 per month remote work stipend to help you with your remote work needs. Weekly virtual, instructor led, yoga sessions Monthly virtual, instructor led, meditation sessions Weekly company newsletters, trivia, Slack challenges, and more! Virtual team and company events to keep the party going Culture and Values:  Diversity, Inclusion, and Support for all employees is vital to Insightly. To do so we have fantastic initiative such as: Company wide Women in Tech group which focuses on having female speakers from all backgrounds come and have "fireside chats" with the company on their careers, backgrounds, advice, etc. Women in Sales support group which focuses on professional development, community, and career advancement. Continual company-wide Diversity and Inclusion training with expert speakers and instructors Volunteering options- yes, even while remote! Company matched donations to support black and civil rights charities such as NAACP, BLM, ACLU, George Floyd Memorial Fund, Compassion Oakland, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, and more! We play as a team. We are ambitious and think big. We strive to make customers happy. We build with simplicity not complexity. 
ScrapedJobID85:
Can use Photoshop to take elements out to code the design Are comfortable creating and walking through responsive Wireframes/Prototypes Being able to code designs in HTML/CSS(SASS)/JS Experienced with responsive and cross-browser development including mobile Be able to test and make your code work cross-browser/device Experienced in version control (Git) Have experience working with Zurb Foundation Have coded responsive sites in the past Have some design ability 
ScrapedJobID86:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor's degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID87:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science or a related field 7 years front-end experience 2+ years’ experience with React Previous experience in project management and/or leading and empowering teams either as a leader among your peers and/or as a leader of team projects. Applied experience with software engineering best practices (version control, test-driven development, continuous deployment, observability, etc.) Experience making decisions when requirements are uncertain or flexible Strong passion for UX, UI, data and building things Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively articulate complex ideas and concepts Strong technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers A passion for tackling challenging problems Desire to learn, listen to feedback, and grow professionally Flexible, mission-oriented mindset, being open to ideas (and willing to bring your own ideas) that can produce better overall results for the company Strong logical and analytical skills Strong creative, visual-design and problem-solving skills - comfortable with UI design, production techniques as well as developing and implementing new algorithms and transforming hard problems into solvable, maintainable code and APIs Software engineering best practices, including test-driven development, version control, continuous deployment, and observability Typescript React GraphQL Docker Kubernetes PostgreSQL MongoDB Define, develop and maintain web services APIs Develop cloud software services Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Work as part of a team to build services, deliver features, fix bugs, and support our products through the entire software lifecycle Make architecture and design decisions, collaborating with teammates both within and outside of the Engineering department Follow through with tasks and activities, while keeping stakeholders in the loop and well informed Generate new ideas on how to improve our products, processes, and culture Any other duties commensurate with the role. Make a difference – Your work will have an impact from day 1. Work/Life balance – Flexible hours, get stuff done and still have a full life outside of work. Work hard / Play hard – Get the job done while sharing laughs with co-workers. Wear many hats – As part of a small company, you’ll have the chance to contribute in many different areas. Friday lunches – Sit down with the entire company, including the CEO, for a remote catered lunch every second Friday. Tight-knit team – We support each other at work and outside of work. Every opinion is valued – Even students can challenge the CEO. Growth – Be a key player in a constantly growing company, grow your career along with the company! Make manufacturing better – From medical equipment to sustainable tea, help the world be more productive. Quarterly bonuses based on company performance with option to receive bonus in stocks. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Bachelor's Degree (required) Front-end development: 7 years (required) React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID88:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou génie logiciel AGILE/ Scrum Maîtrise de: Typescript, Javascript, CSS (Sass,LESS) Connaissances de frameworks tels que: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Connaissance d'outils de test tels que: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Expérience avec: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, flux pattern, etc. Expérience avec les concepts de programmation réactive: Rxjs Avoir des connaissances avec Docker Build tools comme: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility Software engineering experience Bachelor's degree in software engineering or related fields AGILE/ Scrum Expert with: Typescript, Javascript, HTML, CSS (Sass,LESS) Knowledge of frameworks such as: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Knowledge of testing tools such as: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Experience with: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, NgRx, flux pattern, etc. Experience with Docker Build tools such as: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility We are looking for a curious leader who will inspire our development team. Someone able to take a step back and have a global vision of the projects. A person who is not afraid to give his opinion, while respecting that of others. A passionate developer, who likes to grow with the other members of the team. 
ScrapedJobID89:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with browser testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are Knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (agile, waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch, and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years of web development experience in agency or in-house Experience with WordPress is a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, Contentstack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel), and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories is a plus 
ScrapedJobID90:
understand our agency clients’ needs and issues and help find solutions together with your team analyse and recommend different technology for clients collaborate with the art direction team develop front-end website interfaces based on high-frame mockups created by our design team collaborate with our team of back-end developers work in conjunction with the web development team to enrich internal tools challenge the status quo and push your limits keep your cool and have a good sense of humour hold a degree in computer science or programming have five to seven years of experience in web development are skilled at developing a website’s front-end based on Sketch mockups have mastered CSS 3 / SASS, HTML 5, JavaScript, and PHP (an asset) have a solid understanding of CMS WordPress have a solid understanding of CMS Shopify (an asset) have in-depth experience with Sketch and Photoshop have mastered the concepts of responsive design are resourceful, autonomous, and a natural leader can manage multiple projects at a time want to have your opinion valued enjoy collaborating with others Ideally located in the heart of Montreal (two steps from Peel Metro station) Relaxed work atmosphere Passionate about innovation Able to question ourselves and take nothing for granted We can work from home, or even at the cottage Opportunities to take part in training and conferences A flexible work schedule Access to comprehensive group insurance, including medical and dental Our team and group activities A $250/year health credit And permission to crack open a beer on Thursday afternoons once the work is done Full-time position Salary to be discussed, based on experience Only selected candidates will be contacted 
ScrapedJobID91:
Design and develop Web-based applications for internal and customer use Acting as a technical expert for presentation technologies for the engineering team Contributing to presentation-layer standards and practices as a part of the Engineering team Contributing to testing and implementation approach for presentation layer Build reporting dashboards for internal and external use Act as subject matter expert on Web UI design and implementation Advanced knowledge of Javascript and AngularJS 3 - 5 years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML and CSS 1 - 3 years minimum experience with Java based web applications Experience solving cross browser compatibility, optimization, and layout issues Experience with web page performance tools Working with the Engineering team to create modular templates for better site manageability Design, develop, iterate on a rapid basis while organizing and managing multiple priorities Experience prototyping visually attractive and highly usable web interfaces Working closely with product team, other engineers, and designers Experience developing and implementing open source software projects BS in computer science or a related field, or significant equivalent experience Experience of Agile development methodologies Good working knowledge of SQL Experience with JQuery and/or several Javascript libraries and frameworks Self starter able to proactively solve problems Ability to design, develop, iterate on a rapid basis Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities Understanding of latest innovations, trends and emerging technologies in web user interface development Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Angular: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID92:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with browser testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are Knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (agile, waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch, and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years of web development experience in agency or in-house Experience with WordPress is a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, Contentstack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel), and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories is a plus 
ScrapedJobID93:
Has a working understanding of design patterns and architecture; understands what makes software testable and maintainable and includes these principles in the work Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with project stakeholders; studying client systems’ flow and work processes; identifying and investigating problem areas Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clean code Updates job knowledge by studying the latest development tools and programming techniques; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; participating in professional organizations Employs technical expertise to lay the groundwork for effective project management Assists Project Manager to determine operational feasibility through analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and solution proposal Provides technical background input while collaboratively generating project estimates/ rough orders of magnitude with the Project Manager Adapts leadership style to leverage team members’ motivations and strengths while helping them to overcome weaknesses Supports and develops software developers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities Works collaboratively with others to achieve goals Makes informed decisions quickly and takes ownership of technology choices, project pace, and direction Strong Javascript development experience. Strong Javascript Framework experience such as AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS. Strong HTML, CSS and SASS development experience. Responsible and accountable – You can own a task, and deliver it with high precision, independently, even on a short timeline. Eye for quality – You enjoy working on quality products and aim for a good user experience. Pro minimum viable product – You believe in iteration based on data. You believe in building the smallest version of a feature to prove it first, even when it means being scrappy. Problem solver – excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, as well as the capacity to think creatively under pressure. Team player – You work well with a team and are good at giving and receiving feedback. You enjoy celebrating wins with your team! *nix friendly – accustomed to developing software in a *nix environment (Mac, Linux, Unix, BSD) Education – Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent working experience Phonegap / Cordova experience Experience working as a third party JS vendor, facing issues such as cross-domain communication Experience building responsive websites and web apps Experience working on single-page applications Experience working cloud based architectures, particularly AWS Experience with Silex / Laravel Git experience Work in a scrum environment Sane working hours (with flexible scheduling). The team is small and agile, so you will have a direct impact on the product, but big enough that you are never alone. While our office in Montreal is available to everyone, a flexible work from home program is currently the norm. Health care and dental coverage for all full time employees (Blue Cross) National telemedicine service, paid for by the company for full time employees enrolled in benefits programs. Generous compensation and stock options. Everyone at Salesfloor is agile, engaged and ready to contribute to impact the growth of our business. Seasoned employees, new hires and founders all work together and help each other every day. Founders and leadership team have a proven track record for successful start-ups and previous exits. 
ScrapedJobID94:
Creating responsive layouts for multiple viewports Working with and writing PHP code Using and writing code for WordPress 
ScrapedJobID95:
Workplace : 5600 Chemin Côte-de-Liesse, Montreal, Quebec with possibilities of working from home. A formidable and dynamic team of professionals. Benefits: competitive base salary and generous benefits package (including flexible hours, medical and dental insurance, pension plan and holidays during the Holiday Season). Discounts offered to employees on Groupe Marcelle products. Optimization, extension customization, issue investigation, custom functionality build, front-end integration, bug testing, etc. Follow internal Magento development code ethics and review. Assist Project Manager on estimating complex tasks or prospective projects. Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications. Work closely with other developers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers. Create wireframes and design systems to build and maintain web brand standards and guidelines. Integrate, with web service, layers and CMS to enable high availability and flexibility with deployments. Develops and maintains responsive web designs using PWA Studio or similar framework. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the front-end software stack. Test software to ensure responsiveness and scalability. Write technical documentation. Solid experience (3+ years) as a Front-End Developer or similar capacity. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, XSLT, and XML). At least 2 years’ experience Magento Development in an eCommerce environment. Experience working with Magento 2 Commerce. Experience writing single page applications using JavaScript frameworks. Experience with Magento 2 PWA (PWA Studio). Experience with Angular, React, and Ajax. Must have experience with Git for pushing/pulling code. Experience with Jira and Agile methodology. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and French. Teamwork oriented. Attention to details. Work well under pressure. You are intellectually curious and a quick learner. 
ScrapedJobID96:
Design and implement new features for Equisoft's design system React component library Review code submitted by contributors, provide feedback and suggestions Write and maintain technical documentation for the design system Coach new contributors to the project Collaborate with designers for the design and implementation of new components Manage the delivery flow (releases, breaking changes, etc.) Collaborate with the Manager, Product Design to establish priorities and a plan to achieve them Assist product teams in implementing the design system in their products Monitor technological developments and advancements DEC or Bachelor's degree in computer science or other relevant field 5 to 7 years of relevant experience in front-end development Relevant experience using or building design systems and component libraries Excellent knowledge of JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Git Experience developing user interface components Contribution to open source projects Ability to analyze and solve problems Self-discipline and sense of responsibility Autonomy and resourcefulness Ability to adapt Communication skills Relational and interpersonal skills Organizational skills and priority management Teamwork and community spirit Competitive compensation package Flexible hours Possibility of international travel Access to an eLearning platform Career development opportunities 
ScrapedJobID97:
Provides Development Engineering support for an assigned set of applications or system elements. Develops solutions for technology processes and practices for build and release management, application lifecycle changes, operation service delivery and support. Assists with project definition, scoping resource planning, execution, risk assessment, change control and monitoring. Performs infrastructure installation, setup, administration and automated deployments. Deploys, maintains and scales web applications. Troubleshoots and debugs servers / processes for system and application issues after deployment. Collaborates with other engineers and cross-functional technical team members to resolve platform issues. Assists with architecting and implementing / monitoring infrastructure. 
ScrapedJobID98:
Implement useful user interfaces to help our users do what they need to do. Propose novel solutions for fixing bugs so that they never happen again. Write automated tests, follow good software practices to build robust software, and help us iteratively improve the way we do things. Have several years of experience coding front-end applications. Experience with specific languages is nice-to-have but not required. Are able to take a design, empathize with how the user will experience it, and recommend changes that can both improve that experience and make it easier to build and maintain. Possess a strong ability to take an idea for a product and turn it into code. Display strong communication skills so you can collaborate easily with your teammates. Have Typescript or static typing experience. Are familiar with Web Components, Shadow DOM. Have Python experience (even better if you have Django or some other ORM). Have experience with the UNIX toolchain; most of our code runs in a Linux environment and it's useful to know how to work with these. Are comfortable taking the lead on your responsibilities, driving them forward, and helping other developers do the same. A very competitive compensation package. We want the best! A great health benefits program. The opportunity to work fully remote, with a budget to set up your perfect home office. Paid coaching and mentorship of your choice to grow your skills and career. A place where you will be free to be yourself, where you will be able to express your creativity, where you will be listened to, and where you will have a chance to play a part in redefining work. Work with a team that wants you to succeed, managers that want you to grow, and a company that values its people. TypeScript and Web Components for the client-side, implemented via LitElement. Python and Django for the server-side. Anything that you think will help us do better. We’re not hard-set on any specific technology and are always happy to explore new options. 
ScrapedJobID99:
Participate in an interdisciplinary integrated project team environment. Work closely with software, firmware, to develop specialized Graphical User Interface (GUI) firmware on military embedded hardware devices or software designs using the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) development process. This is a cross-discipline role of bridging a GUI implementation role with firmware, and/or software development with user experience to ensure a positive end user experience. Identify and create software user interface requirements and analysis of implementation. Prepare and review design documents. Code and peer review software. Document the analysis, design and test activities in accordance with development standards. Code detailed front-end interface designs of various scope and complexity based on provided product and system level designs. Advocate for the front-end design as part of the UX, HF + D team in working with the development teams to assist with program objectives of meeting end user needs but also in communicating the priorities of these needs. Interface with the UX, HF + D team on the front end/graphical user interface by reviewing and providing feedback on designs both in progress and under implementation. Coordinate and develop front-end user interface with Core Development Teams Actively seeks to improve and assist others in the execution of front-end development for a variety of applications and their development teams; which may include mentorship to different development teams. Has a strong understanding of WPF and MVVM with a willingness to learn and adapt and even advocate for new frameworks. Experience creating Front-end frameworks both from scratch and as part of refactoring efforts. Familiar with working with a Human Factors / UX Team in an agile environment Mentoring teams into creating consistent implementation that matches the design and assists in coordinating assistance or fixes. Development of or support of Human Factors artefacts and design prototypes in a variety of mediums and fidelity as appropriate. Creates and supports innovative and effective end user interfaces as part of a team and able to communicate design rationale. Participates in scrums, release planning and estimating activities A compressed nine-day fortnight and compressed hours – which means every other Friday off A personalized career development plan, alongside regular progress reviews - supporting and valuing your progression within the Company A flexible working environment where your contributions are recognized and rewarded with flexible benefits 
ScrapedJobID100:
Build UI components and compose them into applications for multiple browsers Analyze and understand business and design requirements; produce technical tasks and breakdown into estimates Define, review, communicate and follow development approaches for the technical tasks Collaborate with the back-end developers and QA engineers to integrate and test Work closely and collaborate with other developers and team members, communicating effectively and working together to reach defined goals and meet deadlines Attend and participate in daily standups and project retrospectives Participate in career development and performance reviews Commit to ongoing learning and development; participate in conferences and educational programs Stay up to date with current best practices Follow new and emerging technologies Participate and contribute to company culture 2+ years of experience working as Front-End Developer Excellent working knowledge of modern JavaScript Solid experience with semantic and accessible HTML Hands on experience with CSS3 and CSS-in-JS (styled-components) Proven knowledge of React (version 16 or higher) is a must Experience with mobile-first UI development Previous experience writing functional UI tests (Jest and react-testing-library) Hands on experience with i18n and l10n (react-i18next) Experience contributing to design-system component libraries Multiple years' experience with source control management systems Demonstrable ability to write clean, structured, maintainable code Experience with automated testing and/or code analysis techniques Familiarity with development & release tooling (i.e. npm/Webpack/Babel/Github) Ability to analyze wireframes or static designs and identify potential issues or hidden complexities Proficient knowledge of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them In-depth understanding of web development and web development processes An understanding of the fundamentals of server-side rendering is nice to have Understanding the concepts of a headless CMS architecture is nice to have Experience with Sitecore CMS is nice to have Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field is preferred Critical thinker, great analytical and problem-solving skills Many opportunities to learn, grow, and earn certifications through our internal upskilling program Start-up work culture while getting to work on industry leading solutions for some of Canada's leading companies Working with cutting edge cloud technologies Exposure to teams Designing and building cloud-native software Competitive compensation package. Comprehensive benefits package. DPSP / RRSP matching program. 100% remote environment with a fun, relaxed atmosphere. Education and conference reimbursements. Your choice of awesome top of the line office hardware. Opportunity for career progression along our career journey program. Epic company events & socials, both virtual and in-person. Flex hours and half day Fridays before every long weekend throughout the year. 
ScrapedJobID101:
Experience in Python and Javascript programming Development of back-end, microservice infrastructure in Python Application and front-end development in React.js Mobile App development with React Native an asset Knowledge and experience developing microservices Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies, specifically Google Cloud Platform Knowledge and experience developing containerised applications with Docker Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID102:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID103:
You are between 15 and 29 years of age You are a resident of Ontario You are able to commit for the duration of the program Individuals from black communities, indigenous communities, visible minorities, persons with disabilities and women are encouraged to apply You have either studied or have experience in design, information technology (coding/ computing etc.), marketing or business Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID104:

ScrapedJobID105:
Design, implement, and deliver high-performing websites for the WKT brands that align to our brand standards. Take wireframes or designs and translate them into high-quality user interfaces. Work closely with a variety of stakeholders to understand the problems we’re trying to solve for our customers. Modernize our platforms and add exciting new features for our customers. Effectively pitch and communicate design frameworks to team members and senior leadership. Ensure that high-quality code is delivered on time and on spec. Take ownership of front-end code and standards. Post-secondary education in information technology, computer science, computing engineering, or related field. 5+ years of work experience as a front-end developer. Adept understanding of JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3. Proficiency developing well-structured web applications using React/Redux or other modern JavaScript tools, Jest, and Enzyme. Strong communication skills, and ability to explain technical concepts to a range of individuals (from developers to clients). Strong interpersonal skills to build effective relationships with leaders and managers across multifunctional teams. Understanding of the Ruby-on-Rails framework is an asset. Understanding of asynchronous request handling and promise-based programming. Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Ability to thrive in an agile team environment, delivering value and challenging outdated practices. Passion for crafting exceptional user experiences. Potential for meaningful career growth 100% company-funded medical and dental benefit premiums Friendly, fun, and collaborative company culture Flexible paid time off program Life insurance Disability insurance Mental Health Benefits Program Employer matched RRSP contributions Casual dress environment 
ScrapedJobID106:
Minimum 3 years of experience in Front End Development. JavaScript ES5/ES6 (mandatory) TypeScript (Asset) React (mandatory) AngularJS 1.x (Asset) NodeJS (Asset) Next.js (Asset) Experience working with state management libraries like Redux or Mobx (mandatory) Experience doing unit tests using JEST, Enzyme and/or React Testing Library (Asset) Experience working with REST APIs (mandatory) Experience with GraphQL (Asset) You know how to use GIT (mandatory) You’ve worked with npm or yarn (mandatory) You know CSS (mandatory) Worked with Sass, Less, styled-components, emotion, CSS modules or Tailwind CSS (Asset) Worked with design tools such as Figma, Sketch, InVision or Adobe XD (Asset) Experience working within a design system (Asset) Experience working with components libraries and Storybook (Asset) Experience developing apps within a Micro-Frontend architecture (Asset) A GitHub account or a portfolio showcasing the projects you've contributed to. Experience working within an Agile team (Asset) Minimum de 3 ans d'expérience en développement Front-End. JavaScript ES5/ES6 (obligatoire) Typescript (Atout) React (obligatoire) AngularJS 1.x (Atout) NodeJS (Atout) Next.js (Atout) Expérience avec Redux ou Mobx (obligatoire) Expérience dans la réalisation de tests unitaires en utilisant JEST, Enzyme and/or React Testing Library (Atout) Expérience de travail avec les API REST (obligatoire) Expérience avec GraphQL (atout) Vous savez comment utiliser les TIG (obligatoire) Vous connaissez le CSS (obligatoire) A travaillé avec Sass, Less, styled-components, emotion, modules css ou TailwindCSS (Atout) A travaillé avec des outils de conception tels que Figma, Sketch, Invision ou Adobe XD (Atout) Expérience de travail au sein d'un système de conception (atout) Expérience de travail avec les bibliothèques de composants et Storybook (Atout) Expérience de développement d'applications dans une architecture Micro-Frontend (Atout) Avoir un compte GitHub ou un portfolio de projet. Expérience de travail au sein d'une équipe Agile (Atout) 
ScrapedJobID107:
3+ years of professional experience in writing and shipping code with React.JS. In-depth knowledge of CSS3, HTML5, AJAX, JavaScript, TypeScript including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model. Knowledge of React tools using webpack, Redux, Flux, and automated testing framework. Experience with Ant Design (or JQuery, Bootstrap could be a bonus). Experience in data portal design and web based data visualization; knowing D3 or Chart.js is helpful. Able to integrate with and manage APIs. Experience with at least one of server side language such as Python, Node.JS is desired. Experience with version control systems such as Gitlab. Experience with:
Agile development methodologies
MVC frameworks
Relational and schema-less databases
Major CMS e.g. Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress.
UNIX/Linux environments Agile development methodologies MVC frameworks Relational and schema-less databases Major CMS e.g. Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress. UNIX/Linux environments Strong written and oral communication skills Track record of initiative and self-organization with strong time management skills Willingness and ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Demonstrated ability to work within a collaborative team across multiple disciplines Willingness to research and learn new approaches and technologies Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related discipline 
ScrapedJobID108:
Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift web application development: 3 years (preferred) modern cross-browser HTML5, ES6 and CSS, SASS: 3 years (preferred) developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet: 3 years (preferred) developing front-end solutions using HTML, CSS/SCSS: 3 years (preferred) frontend web development using ReactJS: 2 years (preferred) CSS preprocessors , JS package managers, and task runners: 2 years (preferred) PHP, NodeJS: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID109:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be responsible for designing and developing a highly responsive React UI to present data in a way that allows senior front office to assess their risk exposure You will work on migrating the existing application from C# to React, and will build reusable components and front-end libraries in React, optimized for maximum performance across a range of mobile devices and browsers You will work with the latest web technologies and influence the web strategy for the team You will be expected to promote best practices, in terms of development tools, technologies and testing You will support different phases of the product lifecycle including analysis, development and testing You will be a technically proficient and enthusiastic developer, with a desire to work on the full software stack in order to help engineer new and existing components 5+ years of relevant experience React JavaScript ES10, HTML5 and CSS3 Automated GUI testing Linux and Shell scripting Excellent Communication Skills Experience in complete dev cycle A passion for learning and a strong interest in the financial industry are essential Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID110:
Develop and maintain modular front-end components within a library used by all of our products; Develop new application modules (micro-frontends) for our web platforms; Participate in the continuous evolution of our application platforms; Support and maintain our current solutions. Participation in the agile scrum development process; Pair programming, code review; Collaboration with other teams (Back-end developers, integrators, designers, content managers, mobile developers) Main technologies: Javascript Fundamentals + ES6 React (intermediate level) Experience in the development of applications or application modules (SPA with SSR) Experience with “States management” (Context API, Redux, etc.) Experience with recent React developments (hooks, Suspense, etc.) Node + npm (yarn) Git or equivalent versioning system HTML; CSS / SCSS. SASS / SCSS Angular 2.x Java Spring & Spring Boot Hibernate MySql Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis Application servers (Tomcat, Apache, Nginx) REST and / or micro-service oriented architecture Work in a Cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent) You are comfortable with HTML and CSS, responsiveness and compatibility issues between different web browsers. You have demonstrated, through past experiences, good problem-solving skills, autonomy, versatility, resourcefulness, attention to detail, an ability to work under pressure and in a team. You are comfortable designing and configuring distributed systems. You have good verbal and written communication skills in French and a working knowledge of English. Work in a cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent). Experience with agile methodologies. 3 years of experience in the field. Located in Griffintown near public transportation Hybrid work: In the office and teleworking Full group insurance from day 1 Unlimited virtual medical clinic for you and your family Flexible hours Computer equipment provided for your home and office Beautiful work environment, open and modern ambiance Social activities, Team dinners, and more! 
ScrapedJobID111:
Training in software development; Training in financial markets, project management and consultancy skills; Gaining practical project work experience and working in an agile team; Hands-on training from some of the leading consultants in the industry; Working with high-profile clients using the latest technology stacks; Experienced, supportive, smart and friendly colleagues; Working alongside grads from our other offices. A strong interest and understanding of front-end technologies like JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3; Understand basic networking such as HTTP and TCP/IP; Some coding experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, C# or similar. This could have been gained at university, job or placement; Armed with a strong desire to progress and learn; A quick learner with excellent communication skills to efficiently leverage the knowledge of more experienced members of the team; BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Maths or Science (as long as you are interested in coding) or equivalent (we are flexible for candidates with real, hands-on experience). 23 days vacation Health insurance (dental and medical) Short-term disability and long-term disability Commuter benefits Employee Assistance Programme Life Insurance Pension scheme Gym plan 
ScrapedJobID112:
Developing the front-end of the various tools 6ix employs Running comprehensive usability tests to ensure it meets the highest standards possible. Ensuring our product runs seamlessly on all devices and browsers. Develop and implement strategies on how to enhance the user experience across our products. Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate with their solutions. Build reusable code and libraries for future use and follow emerging technologies. Track your key performance indicators (KPIs) and be accountable to achieving them. Communicate and coordinate closely with team members and manager to ensure that deliverables are of high-quality and on-time. 5 years experience in a similar role. Fluent in HTML, CSS (critical) Fluent in Bootstrap, Angular JS, ReactJS, Ember. Must have experience with the latest Angular Framework 2/4/6/7/8/9. Experience working with server-side CSS pre-processing platforms like LESS, SASS. Experience working with client-side scripting and Javascript frameworks. Familiarity with design tools (Figma, Sketch, Photoshop) Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and work arounds Experienced in cloud-based solutions and responsive design. Experience working in an Agile environment. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree. Excellent communication skills and an ability to work as part of a time in a fast-moving environment. Excellent organizational skills and an ability to set and meet ambitious targets. 
ScrapedJobID113:
Can use Photoshop to take elements out to code the design Are comfortable creating and walking through responsive Wireframes/Prototypes Being able to code designs in HTML/CSS(SASS)/JS Experienced with responsive and cross-browser development including mobile Be able to test and make your code work cross-browser/device Experienced in version control (Git) Have experience working with Zurb Foundation Have coded responsive sites in the past Have some design ability 
ScrapedJobID114:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with team members, Software Developers and QA. Perform maintenance programming for existing versions. Perform custom programming as assigned. Fix defects and add features to software. Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration. Provide recommendations for improvements in the overall development process. Stay current with trends, techniques, technology, and other factors impacting the job. Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations/ideas on design projects. University degree in a Computer Science or Software Engineering. 3-5 years of HTML, CSS and ASP.NET development experience. Experience making UI/UX design decisions. Detail oriented, can easily context switch and have excellent organizational skills. C# and .NET framework experience, Blazor-specific experience preferred 
ScrapedJobID115:
Develop client-side web applications and rapid prototypes using Vue.js, modern Javascript, HTML and CSS (SASS) Write unit tests and e2e tests to ensure maximum test coverage and avoid regressions. Take ownership of each feature through launch and then continue to maintain it. Conduct thorough cross-browser testing to catch bugs and edge cases. Participate and contribute to our software development workflow (Agile, Continuous Delivery) and constantly evolving best practices. Participate in code reviews, sprint planning and product roadmap discussions. Solid understanding of functional JavaScript (ES6+) Prior experience building web applications with Vue, React or Angular. Solid understanding of Git and version control best practices. Great interpersonal skills - we are a close-knit team and work together to solve problems. Ideally, 3+ years experience in frontend web application development Bonus points if you have an eye for great design and UX Proactive and self-starter - we hire folks that have a deep desire to do better and be better. You won’t be micromanaged in this role Passionate about learning - You’ll help identify new technologies and approaches to problems Flexible health benefit plans to suit your needs and lifestyle Matching GRSP program Learning and development opportunities Employee Recognition programs Frequent social and philanthropic events In office video games, Ping Pong table, board games, and lots of puzzles! Loads of office snacks, coffee, and drinks to keep you energized throughout the day 
ScrapedJobID116:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou génie logiciel AGILE/ Scrum Maîtrise de: Typescript, Javascript, CSS (Sass,LESS) Connaissances de frameworks tels que: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Connaissance d'outils de test tels que: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Expérience avec: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, flux pattern, etc. Expérience avec les concepts de programmation réactive: Rxjs Avoir des connaissances avec Docker Build tools comme: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility Software engineering experience Bachelor's degree in software engineering or related fields AGILE/ Scrum Expert with: Typescript, Javascript, HTML, CSS (Sass,LESS) Knowledge of frameworks such as: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Knowledge of testing tools such as: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Experience with: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, NgRx, flux pattern, etc. Experience with Docker Build tools such as: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility We are looking for a curious leader who will inspire our development team. Someone able to take a step back and have a global vision of the projects. A person who is not afraid to give his opinion, while respecting that of others. A passionate developer, who likes to grow with the other members of the team. 
ScrapedJobID117:
Improve and maintain our internal developer and user facing tool sets and web applications Develop and improve network visualizations, management and configuration dashboards Develop new tools for database user administration and metrics visualization dashboards on engagement and mobile app usage Work with our UX team to draft new designs for our products Apply front-end productization features such as improved security, token handling, session management and other best practices as per OWASP v4.0 spec Experience with ReactJS preferred, but other front-end framework experience is also desirable (Angular, Vue, etc.) Expertise in CSS and modern layouts is key: CSS Grid, Flexbox, SASS/LESS Ability to write responsive layouts/break points and draft designs with our UX team Proficiency with command line tools Expertise with version control with GIT Ability to work cross functionally and own your projects, ticket your own milestones and releases Proficiency in writing and supporting your documentation for the tools you own Ability to ticket and manage your work using Jira Ability to write CSS animations Knowing your way around Docker and Docker Compose Familiarity with Accessibility Best Practices Knowing how to leverage CSS3 for advanced user interface interactions Experience with NodeJS and writing REST APIs Familiarity with OAuth and JSON Web Tokens Skill in developing and maintaining a front-end testing pipeline Experience with Puppeteer to automate UI testing 
ScrapedJobID118:
Knowledge of best practices building a clean codebase. eg. file maintenance, component structure Portfolio demonstrating your frontend skills Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Strong knowledge of fundamentals of JavaScript without a framework 2-5 years exp. with one or many of the top JavaScript frameworks or libraries. ie. React, Vue, Angular Strong knowledge of CSS Comfortable with the command line and git utilities Worked with large projects from inception to completion Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with Node Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID119:
Duties include providing high-quality user interfaces by coding, testing, debugging, documenting, and maintaining programs. Developing and modifying moderately complex information systems involving most phases of systems analysis and programming. Analyze, code, test and document programs and enhancements. Conduct code walkthroughs to assure quality of programs developed by other associates. Optimize application performance for maximum speed and scalability Mentor entry and mid-level developers Work closely with support team, delivery manager and product owners to address incidents and problem queues, ensuring proper prioritization. 2+ years of experience with React 8+ years of experience with HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Advanced JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, and REST Web Services. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, or related field. 8+ years' experience developing responsive and browser agnostic web applications in an enterprise environment Experience using CI/CD pipelines and code quality tools. Ability to use CSS extensively to create custom and rich user interfaces Experience in overall Java application development is a plus Experience working with financial planning concepts and APIs (from vendors such as eMoney/MoneyGuide Pro) is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID120:
Cutting up designs and building out the front-end to integrate with Drupal (our CMS of choice) Building reusable components for designs systems Building front-ends for headless systems, using React or other JS frontends. Working with clients and internal team members to deliver top notch projects HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, and other tech a plus Ability to work with responsive designs for use across multiple devices Ability to double check your work React experience an asset Nice to have
PHP
Twig
Node PHP Twig Node 2+ years designing and hand-coding websites Experience with Drupal 8 theme development MUST have samples showing off your work Nice to have
Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID121:
You will join a team of ambitious builders dedicated to building the interoperability between the different blockchain ecosystems. Improve existing features and build new features for a web-based application, building efficient components Architect reliable, performant, and scalable solutions whilst optimising user experience Collaborate with the users to identify usability issues to proactively come up with solutions and fix them React & Web3JS (or EthersJS) experience or projects Experience with Typescript and/or GraphQL The understanding of the architecture of smart contracts along with Web3 in general Strong mathematical understanding on an abstract level You have a strong sense of ownership, with the ability to lead and share knowledge to reach solutions as well as the keenness to learn You’re open to collaborating with internal and external stakeholders, flourishing in a distributed environment You enjoy being hands on, being a self starter that thrives well in ambiguity A problem solver at heart that can envision successful outcomes You have a creative flair, always seizing an opportunity to to do things differently Understand how to use blockchains / DeFi as a user Autonomous, distributed environment with the opportunity to work collaboratively in a diverse team across the world The scope to contribute to high impact work and really make a difference in a decentralized protocol Chance to really challenge yourself whilst learning heaps of stuff in the process Unlimited time off throughout the year to rest and recharge Competitive compensation with stock options, experiencing growth from the initial phase 
ScrapedJobID122:
Work alongside engineering, product, design, and business counterparts to understand requirements and collaborate on technical solutions Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed architectures and designs Design, develop, test, and deploy software that is highly scalable and supports defined business requirements Code Reviews and developing team-wide development standards and practices Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or related field. 3 to 5 years of relevant work experience as a web developer, UI developer, JavaScript expert or front-end engineer Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery. Familiar with UI layouts, SASS, Bootstrap, and the CSS GRID system Proficient with JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, Angular etc Experience debugging using JavaScript-based tools like Chrome Developer Console Understanding of key design principles. Understanding of server-side CSS. Experience with responsive and adaptive design. Understanding of SEO principles. Passionate to create good design and usability Good problem-solving skills. Excellent verbal communication skills. Good interpersonal skills. A team player with excellent communication skills Experience in Site Optimization Experience in React JS Experience in A/B Testing Experience with JIRA Experience with Agile methodology Competitive salary and benefits package Associate discount up to 40% including top brands Flexible work environment that allows for work-life balance 
ScrapedJobID123:
You will be creating new services and customer-facing applications using the latest technologies which will shape the future of banking for RBC Collaborate with other developers on the team to model and design new API interfaces. Develop and support highly scalable, high performance APIs within an Agile development team Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Automate processes within the development pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Design and develop code structures to promote reusability across many applications Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. Lead and mentor other developers to elevate the entire team’s skillset and mindset. Coach others on the team and practice peer-programming. Stay open-minded and look beyond your stack to solve complex problems You will actively seek out knowledge about new technologies and how they can be used to solve current and foreseeable challenges Excellent communication including the ability to distill technical details into human terms B.S. degree in Computer Science or related technical field and/ or equivalent practical experience. 5+ years of experience with Java 8+ and Spring Framework (Spring Boot) and/or nodeJS 3+ years of experience with JavaScript and Angular 2+ years of experience developing distributed cloud applications (Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Openshift, Docker) Hands on experience designing, developing, testing and troubleshooting RESTful API and interface specifications (Swagger, RAML, SOAP) Experience working with DevOps pipelines (Git, Maven, Jenkins), continuous integration/delivery, automated testing (unit, functional, performance) Experience working with security gateways and protocols (JWT, Oauth2.0, SSL Certificates) Experience working within professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source code management, build processes and testing Experience with code merging and branching methodologies using Git and code release process. Working knowledge of web-based application architectures and frameworks (including Angular or React) and the way it integrates with services. Leverage Open Source technology and contribute to open source where possible Experience supporting production-level software (Splunk, Dynatrace). Solid experience with abstraction and applying it to learning new languages Ability to simplify complex problems and communicate them in plain language Functional knowledge required for both French and English languages Object Oriented coding practices, including strong design patterns knowledge, refactoring, clean code. Experience working with Kafka, MySQL, Non-relational databases, Caching and Experience in BDD and TDD methodologies Working experience in one or more of:
algorithm design and optimization
large-scale systems
parallel or distributed systems algorithm design and optimization large-scale systems parallel or distributed systems RDBMS and/or modern scale-out repositories (MySQL, MongoDB, Redis) Experience building message driven architectures (Kafka) Micro-service design and implementation (load balancing, discovery, resiliency) As part of a full stack squad you will have the opportunity to cross train to be a strong full stack developer Ability to make a difference and lasting impact by working on a cutting-edge product Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Deliver applications and products which will be used by millions of Canadians Be a key enabler of RBC agile and technology transformation 
ScrapedJobID124:
Travaillez dans un environnement dynamique et rapide où vous aurez des opportunités de croissance. Joignez une entreprise primée (Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec: prix génie innovation, sélectionné au palmarès Technology Fast 50 au Canada, Entrepreneur de l'année - Technologies de moins de 100 employés). Travaillez dans un milieu collaboratif et positif, dans une entreprise à taille humaine. Faites partie d'une entreprise en pleine croissance, présente dans le monde entier. Profitez d’un espace de travail à aire ouverte au coeur du Vieux-Montréal. Ayez un accès très pratique en métro, autobus, train ou vélo. Travaillez avec des professionnels de l’industrie. Bénéficiez d’une gamme d’assurances complètes vous offrant la paix d’esprit, à vous et votre famille. REER collectif avec contribution de l’employeur. Accès gratuit, sur place, à un centre de conditionnement physique et à des entraîneurs qualifiés. Santé et sécurité Citoyen du monde Travail d'équipe et confiance Excellence Discipline financière rigoureuse Être impliqué et participer au cycle de vie global des applications Se concentrer sur le codage et la résolution de problèmes Développer de nouvelles fonctionnalités destinées aux utilisateurs Travailler avec l’équipe de conception et traduire les structures filaires en une interface utilisateur évolutive Ecrire et créer un code et librairies réutilisables pour une future utilisation Garantir la faisabilité technique des conceptions UI/UX S’assurer que toutes les entrées utilisateur sont validées avant d’être soumises au back-end Mettre en œuvre les meilleures pratiques en matière de sécurité et de protection des données Se tenir au courant des tendances de l’industrie et de l’évolution technologique Optimisez l’application pour une vitesse et une évolutivité maximale S’assurer de l’exactitude et de la fonctionnalité du code Collaborer avec d’autres membres de l’équipe et autres parties En tant que membre d’une équipe Agile, contribuer au succès et à l’agilité de l’équipe Mentorer et guider les membres de l’équipe junior dans leur développement technique Baccalauréat en génie logiciel ou en informatique ou études équivalente et expérience pertinente 6 à 9 années d’expériences dans le développement de logiciels Design réactif et adaptatif Connaissance fondamentale des frameworks JavaScript : ReactJS RESTful Services and APIs Service-oriented architectures Micro-services architecture Niveau avancé avec HTML, CSS, JavaScript et jQuery Niveau avancé avec Front End Framework : Material Design Niveau avancé avec JavaScript Framework : ReactJS Mettre en œuvre le Framework CI/CD et les tests automatisés (un atout) Connaissance du Framework de test JavaScript: Jest (un atout) Connaissance de GraphQL (un atout) Capacité de travailler de façon autonome Sens critique et excellente gestion de temps Volonté d’apprendre et de maîtriser les nouvelles technologies Capacité démontrée à travailler en équipe et bonnes compétences de communication Haut degré de proactivité et d’initiative Rigueur, polyvalence Capacité à s’adapter dans un environnement Agile à développement rapide Work in a dynamic and fast paced environment where you will have growth opportunities. Join an award-winning company (Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec: Prix Génie innovation, Selected as Technology Fast 50 in Canada by Deloitte, Entrepreneur of the year - Technology under 100 employees). Work in a collaborative and supportive environment, in a human-scale company. Be part of a growing company that has a global presence around the world. Spacious open office in the heart of Old Montreal. Super-convenient access by metro, bus, train or bike. Opportunity to work with industry leading professionals. Complete insurance package that gives you peace of mind, for you and your family. Group RRSP with employer contribution. Free on-site access to a fitness center and qualified coaches. Health, Safety & Security Global Citizenship Teamwork & Trust Excellence Rigorous Financial Discipline Be involved and participate in the overall application lifecycle Focus on coding and debugging Develop new user-facing features Work with the design team and translate wireframes into a scalable user interface Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Implement security and data protection best practices Keeping up to date with industry trends and technology developments Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Reviewing code for accuracy and functionality Analyzing code segments regularly Participate in the elaboration of the front-end architecture for the Newtrax IoT Hub Actively contribute to the definition of technology strategies (architecture, design, and interfacing) to effectively meet business needs of IoT Hub Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders As part of an Agile team, contribute to the success and agility of the team Mentor and guide junior and intermediate team members in their technical development Provide informal guidance and support colleague Ensuring the day-to-day proper functioning of various activities and identify priorities to achieve the quality standards of the activities or delivered services. When needed, take action and achieve expected results. (Note: at this level, the incumbent is also expected to act as a coach for certain colleagues). Bachelor’s degree in software engineering or computer science or equivalent combination of education and relevant experience 6 to 9 years of experience in software development Responsive and adaptive design Fundamental awareness with JavaScript Frameworks: ReactJS RESTful Services and APIs Service-oriented architectures Micro-services architecture Advanced with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, and jQuery Advanced with Front End Framework: Material Design Advanced with JavaScript Framework: ReactJS Advanced with GraphQL APIs Knowledge of Docker Containers Implement CI/CD framework and automated testing (an asset) Knowledge of JavaScript testing framework: Jest (an asset) Knowledge of GraphQL (an asset) Ability to work independently Critical-thinking and time-management skills A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques Demonstrated ability to work in team and good communication skills High degree of self-motivation, proactivity and initiative Rigor, versatility Ability to adapt in a fast-paced Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID125:
Développer des interfaces graphiques Participer au choix des technologies utilisées Participer à la maintenance reliée aux interfaces graphiques S’assurer du respect des règles de codage Apporter des solutions d’affichage élégantes et performantes des données échangées avec les simulateurs OPAL-RT Participer à l’élaboration de la chaîne de développement dédiée aux interfaces graphiques Assurer une cohérence et une convergence entre les divers produits Travailler en collaboration avec les architectes systèmes et logiciel pour définir les API entre les interfaces graphiques et les systèmes de simulation Scolarité :Baccalauréat en Génie informatique ou logiciel Expérience :3 ans d’expérience en développement d’interface graphique Connaissances requises :TypeScript, React, REST API, HTML/CSS, Git Connaissance des outils/librairies suivants (Atouts) : js, Webpack, Golang, Simulink Connaissances linguistiques : Bonne maîtrise du français et de l’anglais Compétences recherchées : Faire preuve de leadership, d’autonomie et d’initiative ; posséder un bon sens de l’organisation Vous recherchez des défis stimulants qui vous pousseront à vous dépasser sans cesse. Vous rêvez d’une ambiance à la fois familiale, professionnelle, collaborative et conviviale. Vous avez besoin d’un horaire flexible et l’accès au télétravail afin de concilier votre vie privée à votre vie professionnelle. Vous souhaitez parfaire vos connaissances et votre savoir-faire en côtoyant des chercheurs, des innovateurs, des scientifiques qui ont tous un point en commun, la Passion. Vous avez fait le choix d’être un collaborateur important pour l’avancement technologie d’une multitude d’industries. Vous désirez être considéré pour vos idées, votre créativité et vos talents. Vous connaissez votre valeur et recherchez une rémunération globale concurrentielle. Vous ne voulez pas un simple emploi, vous voulez une carrière! Develop graphic interfaces Participate in the choice of technologies used Participate in the maintenance related to graphical interfaces Ensure compliance with coding rules Provide elegant and efficient display solutions for data exchanged with OPAL-RT simulators Participate in the elaboration of the development chain dedicated to the graphic interfaces Ensure consistency and convergence between the various products Work in collaboration with system and software architects to define the APIs between the graphical interfaces and the simulation systems Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer or Software Engineering Experience: 3 years experience in GUI development Required knowledge: TypeScript, React, REST API, HTML/CSS, Git Knowledge of the following tools/libraries (Assets): Node.js, Webpack, Golang, Simulink Language abilities: Good level in French and English Desired skills: Demonstrate leadership, autonomy and initiative; possess good organizational skills You are seeking stimulating challenges that will constantly push you to do your best You dream of a family environment that is also professional, cooperative and friendly. You need a flexible schedule and the ability to telecommute in order to balance work and home life. You want to continue to expand your knowledge and know-how by working side-by-side with researchers, innovators and scientists who share one thing; Passion. You have chosen to be an important contributor to the technological progress in a multitude of industries. You want to be recognized for your ideas, creativity and talent. You know your worth and seek a globally competitive salary. You don’t just want a job, you want a career! 
ScrapedJobID126:
Creating elegant and responsive web interfaces that work across a range of browsers and devices using HTML5, CSS3, ES6, React, and Webpack Maintaining and extending our blog and content management systems Building integration points between systems using web services and leveraging external web services to provide functionality Working with support, marketing, business and other team members to identify product and process improvements, suggest implementation options, trade-off alternatives, and make engineering decisions High performer: You’re not a 9-to-5er but a project completer Passionate: You inspire others with your thirst for excellence Resourceful: You don’t have all the answers, but you know how to get them Meticulous: You’re borderline obsessive about quality of work and ensuring users get the best possible experience 2+ years experience building web and mobile-optimized websites Proficiency with HTML and CSS, and experience implementing complex layouts with a high degree of fidelity to designs; experience with SASS A high degree of comfort with JavaScript; experience with a modern JS application framework (React/Flux, Ember, Angular, etc.) a strong plus Knowledge of content management systems (CMS) and experience customizing/extending CMSes to provide web applications Experience with source version control; Git strongly preferred Familiarity with Linux, MacOS or another Unix-like operating system; feeling at home in the terminal Excellent verbal and written communication skills Competitive salary: Our people are our most important asset Medical & dental coverage: Health is wealth Continuing education: Conference and learning budget Casual dress code: If it’s good enough for you, it’s good enough for us 
ScrapedJobID127:
Coding in a proactive optic while respecting standards and specifications, with a minimum of bugs and errors; Collaborating with other developers to update existing standards and document projects; Playing a leadership role, proposing and implementing best practices; Acting as a mentor for colleagues who are less experienced and/or have difficulties; Sharing your knowledge with internal and external teams: technical processes, methodologies, and concepts; Collaborating with UI and UX designers, the creative director, project managers, and other relevant teams to deliver digital and multi-platform products that reflect our standards of excellence; Working with clients during technical design and implementation phases. +4 years of experience in front-end development; Excellent knowledge in 1 or many JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js or React.js and Node.js. Experience in a context of integration with back-end resources via AJAX/REST API/GraphQL, good knowledge of integration with external APIs (Google, Facebook, etc.); Knowledge of HTML/HTML5 and CSS2/3, SASS; Experience in CSS animation and animation libraries (GSAO, Three.js, Anime.js, etc.); Experience and interest in implementing web accessibility standards (WCAG); Experience with management tools (Git) in a teamwork setting (several developers working at the same time on the same repository); Knowledge of Gulp, Jenkins, Webpack, and ability to create and update their respective tasks; Love to stay up to date on development methodologies and best practices; Agency experience (an asset); Experience and appreciation to work in an Agile environment (an asset). Large-scale digital projects created for clients around the world; Agile (hybrid) mandates supported by Jira and Confluence softwares; Code reviews, pairing tests, CI/CD pipelines; An individual development plan supported by our continuing education platforms; Enriching collaboration with 149 passionate experts, all thoughtfully selected. 
ScrapedJobID128:
Follow detailed requirements documents and execute projects in a reasonable and efficient timeline. Assist other team members including Jr. Software developers with solving software related problems. Collaborate with other team members under senior leadership to solve technical and software related problems. Provide input to solve complex problems through the use of logic and software. Self-direct skill improvement tasks. Committed to continued career in software development. Knowledgeable and up to date with latest industry best practices. Minimum of 1 year of experience in a related position with at least one other employer. Experience and strong understanding of logic and logical processes to solve complex software related problems. Knowledge of common web programming languages and markup such as JavaScript, PHP, HTML, and CSS. Good written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to request clarification on unclear requests, communicate limitations, or request help when necessary. Ability to work self-directed tasks with good time management skills. Good research skills including identifying when research is required, validating credible sources, and self-directing research related tasks. Minimum of 1 year of experience in software or web development industry. Minimum of 3 employment or academic related references. Portfolio of previous work. PMP or related certification. Experience with waterfall, agile, and blended software development methodologies. Up to 5 years of experience in the Software Development industry. A Degree, Diploma, or related experience in Business Administration, Commerce or related field. Experience using project management and source control tools. A reference letter from a previous employer. A reference letter from previous technology related employer or instructor. 
ScrapedJobID129:
You manage your time as expertly as you manage your projects. Prioritizing, planning and organizing is part of your DNA. You have a rock-solid reputation as a creative problem solver. You get what it means to be part of the team. And when it comes to learning, you’re like a sponge and consider yourself to be a lifelong student. Developing creative solutions to complicated problems comes as naturally to you as breathing. You enjoy working with people and you always dig in to really understand what they’re trying to achieve so that you can blow their socks off when you deliver it. You understand the value in delivering on a commitment – you help achieve sprint goals with a cool head and clear vision. You’re web and app-savvy, and up-to-date on mobile trends, tools and methods. You’re passionate about working with designers to turn mocks and prototypes into pixel-perfect user interfaces. You love design systems, having consistent UIs across applications, and turning designs into reusable components You are interested in user testing and research, and enjoy sitting in on testing to find out more about your users Working closely with the Senior Agile Team Lead and product designers, you’ll help turn mockups and prototypes into design system tokens, components, and full user interfaces. Architect and implement components and interfaces in React + Typescript, HTML, and CSS/CSS-in-JS. Work with developers on other teams to assist them in consuming parts of the design system Work within a mono-tasking Agile environment with a focus on high quality, peer-reviewed output. Contribute to design system documentation. Manage the serverless technology stack hosting the design system, using an Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach. Design front-end architecture with an emphasis on performance and user experience Collaborate with a team of product designers and developers to maintain the highest standards of quality for our customers. Ensure all application changes are developed, tested, and implemented in a well-controlled environment as well as test UIs across multiple browsers, devices, and operating systems. Refine, maintain, and enforce current design system guidelines and strategies. Participate in code reviews Continuously improve the front-end development experience and design system by identifying and addressing bottlenecks and building tooling to improve inefficiencies Follow a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery workflow to enable frequent, reliable production deployments. You have extensive experience with the following: You’ll get bonus points if you have: You have a minimum of 5 years experience working as a front-end developer, UX developer, or similar, with a passion for building great UIs and products. You have a firm understanding of design principles across many channels. You know your way around Figma and other similar design tools. You’ve contributed to and helped manage a design system in the past You’re comfortable using Git from the command line, and issue tracking tools such as Azure DevOps. You know your memes and emojis, and enjoy participating in team building activities of all kinds – whether it be dodgeball or board games. You are familiar with Agile/Scrum methodologies. You have verbal, visual, and written communication skills to articulate the logic and reasoning behind your decisions. You are comfortable working alongside other developers and designers to style applications through code. Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Defined Pension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. 
ScrapedJobID130:
 Help the develop team on a small agile team. Develop solutions that are well-engineered, maintainable, tested and delivered on time. Work alongside various teams including product, design, and UX to build the best possible product for our customers. Work with the product team to understand business requirements 
ScrapedJobID131:
Develop, optimize and maintain responsive web applications leveraging front end development using HTML5, CSS3, JS frameworks and integration with 3rd party applications Work on complex enterprise solutions/applications in the front end using the latest versions of Angular. Build on top of applications developed with technologies such as Spring Boot, Spring Security, Web MVC, and using application servers such as Tomcat, WebSphere, Weblogic or JBoss. Work with SOAP and RESTful web services using tools such as XML, JSON and RAML Identify and communicate technical problems, processes, and solutions Perform technical analysis, design, coding, and implementation of large scale object-oriented application Collaborate with the team to assist in the development of logical specifications Integrate modern solutions with legacy systems Work in an Agile software development environment using methodologies such as Scrum Prepare reports and other documentation as required 5+ years of experience as a Front End Web Developer Proficiency with Angular 2+ and Typescript HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, responsive design JavaScript unit test tools, such as Jasmine Experience building and maintaining unit tests for web applications Git and Gitflow Ability to write clean, readable, maintainable code Teamwork and experience performing peer code review Ability to learn fast and ready to make a big impact Understand what it means to be a consultant Teamwork, reliability and positive attitude Great interpersonal skills (aka clients love you!) Ability to handle working on multiple projects or tasks and keep them all under control Passionate about technology and using it to help solve business issues Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Making recommendations from a development perspective for practical solutions, time estimates and overall feasibility means being comfortable standing your ground Experience working with Backbase Experience being a consultant, comfortable interacting with clients to solve their business challenges Full-stack web programming skills with exposure to middleware programming, such as Node.js, Next.JS or Java. The Spring ecosystem are technologies that we regularly use Knowledge of cloud services, such as AWS, Azure, or similar Experience with or knowledge of Agile Methodologies, such as Scrum and Kanban A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field (or equivalent) Competitive compensation rates Remote work Medical, dental, and extended health benefits Employee assistance program Employee referral bonus Feedback based on regular 1:1s Friday socials Monthly team lunches and birthday celebrations And more perks! 
ScrapedJobID132:
Minimum 3 years of experience as a sales representative in the closely related field if you are applying for a Sales manager General knowledge of sales and marketing Ability in creating and maintaining client relationships Excellent verbal and communication skills Strong interpersonal skills and organization skills, attention to detail Driver’s license and vehicle with insurance (required). Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively Must be eligible to work in Canada Strong English communication skills Monthly base salary plus commission, escalating earning potential Gain experience and the opportunity for growth and advancement Full training provided Health benefits program offered Dental care 
ScrapedJobID133:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application front-ends using Vue.js and Ember.js Javascript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with web development languages, Git branching strategies, responsive design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID134:
Enjoy working in an environment getting high value features in customers' hands quickly Love working with the latest technologies, stacks and engineering concepts Love contributing in all the multiple phases of the product, from requirements, user experience consideration, architecture, implementation to delivery. Work collaboratively with product management and other stakeholders (Backend, UX, etc.) to iterate on new features, contributing to the definition of UX / UI and implementation. Develop and test features and improvements to the boostsecurity.io product in a secure, well-tested, and performant way Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review. Work with minimum supervision on building and testing changes, and bringing features and changes to customers, in production. Improve the overall product experience through evolving the frontend and improving the quality of frontend features. Participate in the Agile - Scrum team process Provide mentorship for junior developers on your team to help them grow in their technical responsibilities and remove blockers to their autonomy. Participate in the frontend sustaining and resolving defects reported internally or from customers. Advanced knowledge of typescript, javascript, ReactJS. Bonus points if you have some GraphQL-foo. You’re a black belt on Angular or Ember, not so much on React, but you’re eager to learn React? That works too! Quality centric: You have demonstrated experience with writing automated tests (eg. Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, AVA, tape). We’re super interested in your experience. A solid understanding of core web and browser concepts (eg. how the browser parses and constructs a web page) as well as of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts. Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment Demonstrated strong communication skills for complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose iterative solutions Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems Comfort working in a highly agile, intensely iterative software development process Positive and solution-oriented mindset with inclination towards communication, inclusion, and visibility Self-motivated and self-driven Share our values, and work in accordance with those values Nest.JS experience or similar framework is a nice plus GraphQL experience Developer platform/tool industry experience Domain knowledge relevant to CI/CD and/or security products Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Front-end development: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID135:
Discuss and design frontend interfaces with the design/development team Maintain the previous platform while developing a new platform Work with UX and UI designer to implement features as designed Create readable and stable code Constructively review team members’ code and address issues found in your own code Investigate product defects, identify and fix root causes, test and deploy fixes Contribute to the ongoing improvement of team practices and procedures Participate in all Scrum practices: sprint planning, daily standups, estimation, backlog grooming, and retrospectives 2+ years of experience building performant & responsive Web Apps with great UI/UX Strong skills in HTML5, CSS3 (1+ Yrs. with Bootstrap), and Javascript(1+ Yrs with jQuery). React/Redux experience React-Native experience Proficient in Git (Gitlab/Bitbucket) Experience setting organization-wide frontend standards for component and style reuse. Comfortable working with the command line (Mac/Ubuntu/Linux) Published Apps on store using React native ChartJS, D3JS, or other data visualization framework Google Maps API (JS/Server-side) knowledge Have experience with LAMP Stack Opportunity to grow Salary and performance-based bonus PTO and paid holidays Dental Care, Private Practitioner and Extra Health benefits Opportunities for professional development and advancement Weekly 'happy hour' Fun team-building events and activities Tight-knit work environment of a small company Roomvu is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability,protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID136:
Build front-end components and features Meaningfully contribute to product planning, project management tasks and overall company development Mentor and lead a medium sized team Handle task creation, task breakdown, and distribution Improve our infrastructure and continuously improve our Front-end Team Five (5) years of experience working on commercial / agency medium-size front-end projects or equivalent Two (2) years of experience working on Vue.js framework-based medium scale projects Excellent understanding of web page performance, debugging, and best practices Strong knowledge of core Javascript/HTML/CSS. Strong understanding of cross-browser compatibility development and testing concepts Experience with Vuex and reactive state management concepts Experience with module bundler systems and related web tooling concepts Experience working with REST APIs Experience leading small to midsize multi product teams with demonstrated ability to mentor, grow team members as well as provide technical guidance and oversight on implementation direction Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Solid experience with Javascript unit and feature testing concepts and frameworks PWA and Single Page Application project experience Chrome/Firefox extension development experience Experience with Linux command line, and git Experience working in start-up environments Knowledge of BEM methodology in medium to large scale codebases. GitHub profile with sample projects you would like to showcase Employee stock purchase plan Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID137:
Work with UX specifications and deliver on clean and responsive front-end (HTML, CSS, minimal JS) code to customer specifications. Develop user interfaces, and write code to support cross-device, cross-browser compliant user actions based off provided requirements. Very strong English verbal and written communication skills. Strong client-facing, presentation and relationship skills. Focus primarily on front-end development using HTML, CSS and some JavaScript. Comfortable with using other frameworks besides jQuery. Experience with working to UI specifications. Add polish and support the release of a Riot.Js applications. Utilize team-oriented version control software (Git) in accordance with company standards. Comfortable in owning the testing of own scope prior to release back to team. Minimum 5 years of development for mobile web, specifically with responsive web development. HTML + CSS3, ideally LESS/SASS experience on other projects that included multiple streams of work. Experience in creating dynamic web 2.0 application. Experience in assessing scope and deadlines and working to them. Assets: riot.js/react framework, ecommerce front-end development. Solid understanding of responsive/mobile-first design, web standards, UI/UX best practices. Able to work efficiently and meet/exceed deadlines under pressure. Willingness to learn domain knowledge when required 
ScrapedJobID138:
Position status: Full-Time, Permanent Start date: As soon as possible Salary: To be discussed Work schedule:  40 hours/week, flexible Location: 1241 rue des Cascades, Châteauguay, Québec, Canada J6J 4Z2 Remote work within Canada available Develop and maintain a clean, efficient, secure, and well-engineered front-end code that conforms with accepted standards; Create beautiful and effective responsive UIs; Create and maintain functionality in a Node.js server that communicates with external devices (e.g. IoT devices, remote DBs, etc.); Implement current design trends in UI/UX work; Proactively identify opportunities for process and software improvements and make constructive suggestions for change; Identify new technologies that can improve product development and the user experience; Build and maintain unit tests; Design and create web services for front-end use and integration with other systems; Ensure that customer issues and technology failures are detected, isolated, and resolved rapidly, and prevented from happening again; Create and adhere to timelines for multiple projects and stakeholders. A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience; 2+ years experience developing applications in JavaScript; Advanced level skills in JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS; Significant experience with technologies like TypeScript and React; Experience with GitHub or an equivalent source management system; Experience in reading / following functional specifications; Experience with collaboration tools like Google Docs, Jira, etc.; Good understanding of web standards, accessibility and best practices; Professional proficiency in French and English, both oral and written; It's a plus if you also have experience with… Agile / Scrum SVG CORS Docker NODE.JS Jenkins MongoDB Redux Saga Task automation tools like Grunt or Gulp MySQL PHP Have a sense of initiative, and be self-directed and self-motivated; Strong analytical and problem solving skills; Ability and willingness to learn other technologies and new ways of doing things; Ability to adapt and master a mix of rapidly changing environments; Ability to work independently or in a team; Be a good negotiator while keeping an open mind; Be critical while being constructive; Pay attention to details (visual, functional, and others) and be able to suggest corrections or improvements; Be organized and know how to manage your time well; Demonstrates responsibility and commitment; Have a positive attitude. Knowledgeable and highly-skilled team; Training possibilities (on-line and in-person); Great work-life balance; Competitive salaries and advantages; Gym on site; Team activities; Cafeteria service; Free parking and coffee. Front-End Developer Front-End Programmer JavaScript Developer Full-Stack Developer 
ScrapedJobID139:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: C#, ASP.NET, Javascript Strong structured database query language skills SQL and database design in Microsoft SQL Server Knowledge of Internet Information Sever set up A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field Solid experience in C#, .net, javascript Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Strong visual studio knowledge Solid SQL language skills Ability to design tables in Microsoft SQL database Server Knowledge of Microsoft Access database 
ScrapedJobID140:
Work with senior level programming team on various tasks. Maintain and update existing websites in a timely manner. Take existing sites and populate content and photographs. Build small scale WordPress or HTML sites. Basic understanding of Web development stacks: HTML, CSS, JS, React (or React Native), flux / redux, REST API, Heroku, Git, OAuth. Basic knowledge of Android Natives: Java, Kotlin. Good to have: Google Cloud Platform. Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering. Excellent written and oral communications skills is required. Ability to work effectively with customers and co-workers. 
ScrapedJobID141:
Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift web application development: 3 years (preferred) modern cross-browser HTML5, ES6 and CSS, SASS: 3 years (preferred) developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet: 3 years (preferred) developing front-end solutions using HTML, CSS/SCSS: 3 years (preferred) frontend web development using ReactJS: 2 years (preferred) CSS preprocessors , JS package managers, and task runners: 2 years (preferred) PHP, NodeJS: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID142:
Contribute to innovative technology solutions that meet business needs for today and tomorrow. Help translate business requirements into scalable, user-centric technology designs for Aritzia.com. Contribute to the development, configuration, and integration of solutions to ensure the solution design intent is realized and works seamlessly with existing systems and eCommerce infrastructure. Implement structured testing that ensures functionality and identify and address deficiencies. Launch and proactively maintain technology solutions. A commitment to learn and apply Aritzia's Values, Business and People Leadership principles. An enthusiastic approach to taking on new opportunities and challenges. A commitment to navigating our internal operations to achieve the best team and business results. The ability to collaborate fluently with cross-functional partners. The skills to set clear objectives with an emphasis on accountability while striving to reach your highest potential. Proven skills, education, and/or applicable certifications in:
HTML, JavaScript, and CSS
A degree in Computer Science is preferred.
Experience with Java, XML, and JSTL is preferred but not required.
Skills in Salesforce Cloud is preferred but not required. HTML, JavaScript, and CSS A degree in Computer Science is preferred. Experience with Java, XML, and JSTL is preferred but not required. Skills in Salesforce Cloud is preferred but not required. The appetite to continuously learn and develop oneself A commitment to quality and investing in results that add value to the business. A sense of urgency and ability to prioritize important work. A-OK Commissary & Café - Our in-office, world-class bistro and café The SET - Our in-house gym, with state-of-the art equipment and custom classes Employee Assistance Program - 24/7 support, resources, and information available to your and your family Aspirational Workspace - Every detail is considered to connect to the energy of the culture Dog Friendly Office - Bring your best friend to work Amenities - Facilities include private parent's room, bike storage rooms, and shower facilities with complimentary conveniences Flexible Working Arrangements - The option to work from the office or from a remote space of your choosing Talent Mobility Program - From out of town? No problem - we offer a highly supportive relocation program Competitive Pay Packages - A commitment to performance based pay increases and career progression Product Discount - Our famous product discount, online and in store Health Benefits - Comprehensive health, vision and dental packages for eligible employees Extras - A multitude of other perks like dry-cleaning, hotel and restaurant discounts, self-care promos, on-site medical care and more Health & Safety - Industry-leading health and safety precautions, including on-site screenings, mask and distancing protocols, and cleaning supplies 
ScrapedJobID143:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID144:
Program and design (with UI/UX in mind) user-facing features for our existing applications Develop and/or revamp completely new front-end web interfaces Build reusable components/FE libraries to be reused across many projects Discuss and decide with the team on the trade offs between usability and functionality Take initiatives, be proactive and present potential solutions 3-5+ years of professional web development experience A good understanding of the web fundamentals and internet protocols. Experience implementing complex application with one of the major front-end frameworks (preferably React.js) Familiarity with state management pattern, routing, and Single Page Application Expertise in HTML, CSS/SASS and JavaScript Good knowledge of object-oriented JavaScript A Passion for User Interface and Usability Ability to accurately estimate development work based on provided requirements Ability to prioritize and manage workload effectively Strong attention to detail Good team player Gitlab or version control experience. Testing experience. 
ScrapedJobID145:
Significant experience with Javascript/HTML/CSS including Angular, AngularJS and Bootstrap or other similar frameworks Tools including Git/Github and Jenkins RESTful webservices and a Micro-service architecture Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment Agile/Scrum development Team ownership of code, artifacts and environments Implementing new products and features using user-centric design User research and surveys, persona building, prototyping and user testing as part of the design process Responsive web design Mentoring others in best practices for front end web development MariaDB, Redis, CouchDB, RabbitMQ Golang Java (Spring Boot) Mobile Development – Kotlin (Android), Swift (iOS) Docker Kubernetes Consul 
ScrapedJobID146:
Build end-to-end machine learning solutions to solve complex customer problems. Collaborate with applied researchers to ensure they are well-calibrated on the constraints of the production system, ensuring their research proceeds along practical pathways as they explore novel techniques to tackle previously unsolved problems. Effectively communicate technical machine learning results in a business context where most people are not machine learning experts. Build the systems to help applied researchers scale their models in a production environment. Design experiments, including for offline prototypes in a statistically sound way that will provide actionable data and enable us to make reliable decisions as we iterate on a project. Promote excellence and best practices across the machine learning team in regards to research, implementation, tooling, and system design. Work cross-functionally across multiple partner teams to get new features shipped across our many interfaces. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Understands traditional machine learning algorithms and how to use them effectively in practice. Is familiar with deep learning and its applications in industry. Has a strong working knowledge of statistics as it relates to sampling methodologies and designing experiments Understands data structures and algorithms at a level sufficient to write performant code when working with large datasets or large incoming data streams. Is aware of NLP techniques to effectively work with very high-dimensional, sparse data. Has enough experience with academic research to be comfortable reading and implementing papers to reproduce their results. Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds products that help people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer support to set up a home office, ample and defined time off, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. For Colorado-based employment: The salary range for this position is $133,000 – $311,000/year; however, base pay offered may vary considerably depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The compensation package includes a wide range of medical, dental, vision, financial, and other benefits, as well as equity. 
ScrapedJobID147:
Design, build and test web-based applications and edit site content for various components using content management system CMS. Create and manage web pages, add edit content and upload remove documents using CMS. Maintain website standards and comply with predefined design guidelines. Utilize best practices in web screen design and learn about different middleware platforms to source and update data through web screens as specified in functional requirements Work closely with design, business, and technical counterparts 4+ years of experience working on Mobile Frontend Development 3+ years of professional hands-on React JS/React Native Development experience Must be bilingual (Proficiency in French and English) Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React Native, AngularJS, React JS and jQuery. Proficiency in Cross-browser and device testing and understanding of web performance optimization (WPO) and Search engine optimization (SEO) principles Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure Banking industry experience Competitive benefits, including a fair and balanced parental leave policy. Fantastic opportunities to develop your career across industries, local and global clients Performance Achievement and Career Mentorship – our performance management process that focuses on your strengths, progress and career possibilities. Opportunities to get involved in corporate citizenship initiatives, from volunteering to doing charity work. 
ScrapedJobID148:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID149:
Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability How many years of development experience do you have? Yes 
ScrapedJobID150:

ScrapedJobID151:
Developing web app architecture Designing user interactions on web apps Ensuring responsiveness of applications Seeing through a project from conception to final production Designing and developing APIs BSc/MSc in Computer Science or Software Engineering 5-10 years full time industry experience Familiarity with cloud services, specifically AWS Familiarity with Linux environments, shell, and bash scripting Expert-level ability with HTML and CSS In-depth knowledge of a major JavaScript framework (React, Angular, or Vue) Experience with back end or server-side applications (python, Django, or Nodejs) Experience with RESTful APIs for developing enterprise application. Experience in MicroService Architecture Knowledge of proper testing practices Familiarity or experience with CI/CD Familiarity with Scrum/Agile development methodologies Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID152:
Designing high fidelity wireframes and mock-ups based on creative briefs Take already-made designs from Adobe XD and transform them into working websites Revise web designs based on client and/or creative director feedback Implement best practices for web and UX: mobile responsive, images optimized, naming assets for SEO, etc. Maintain organized files and links to allow collaboration with other teammates Trouble-shoot sections of current client websites as requested Provide recommendations based on website best practices Perform website maintenance and assist in providing technical consultation and support to clients Transfer and connection of domains to client websites Participate in internal creative brief meetings Other related tasks as required Familiarity with Adobe XD (though, we could be persuaded to try Figma…) and the ability to create detailed wireframes HTML and CSS skills Familiarity with Squarespace and Shopify is a HUGE bonus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Organized, dependable and detail-oriented Ability to communicate via Slack and Notion Obsessively on-time and organized Collaborative Ability to work independently and complete assigned tasks within identified timeframes Knowledge of web design best practices Strong knowledge of search engine optimization Experience with cross-browser compatibility, mobile optimization, website speed/performance testing, and optimization You aren’t afraid to ask for help when you’re stuck You thrive with hard deadlines and get a thrill out of crossing tasks off your to-do list You have a strong work ethic. You might even call yourself a self-starter or proactive. AKA We can count on you to get sh!t done! Access to reliable Internet (for when you work remotely) Must be eligible to work in BC Have completed training in this field or are you currently a student enrolled in a related program Portfolio with samples of recent work that compliments our style JavaScript, jQuery, or Liquid knowledge You are located within the Comox Valley Adobe XD / Adobe Creative Cloud Google Suite Shopify (can be taught) Squarespace (can be taught) Slack Notion (can be taught) Dropbox You have zero web design experience Are not located within British Columbia Are not comfortable working remotely You’re part of an agency or an agency owner $18-$28 an hour, commensurate with experience A flexible work schedule, including work from home and flex hours Part of a kick-butt team of creatives and strategists Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday No weekends Do you have experience with designing and developing websites? English (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID153:
Work with the team to design software Manage and develop websites Identify and create frontend development tools and systems Identify and implement process improvements to enhance the user experience Expertise in Javascript, Vue.js and Webpack Expertise in HTML5 and ES6 Expertise in CSS3 and responsive design Experience working with Restful APIs Experience with Node.js and other popular libraries Able to design and develop structural code Bachelor’s degree or equivalent Work with cutting-edge technologies Great leadership team and great atmosphere Career growth and professional development opportunities Health and dental benefits Flexible hours We work with movies. It’s a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID154:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID155:
Proven experience with VueJS, or other popular client-side Javascript frameworks such as Angular and React Strong knowledge of JavaScript, ES6 syntax and other front-end technologies like HTML5 and CSS3 Familiarity with MVC, MVP and REST API concepts Can spot misaligned pixels a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Independently complete development tasks and actively contribute to deploying code to production Grow into a leading role, guiding team members to frontend web development best practices Collaborate with the Product team to develop user-centric features Contribute to development estimations and support product delivery Work with designers to optimize and improve the user experience Deliver quality code, by conducting adequate automated testing Identify performance bottlenecks and bugs, and their remedies Learn from feedback and voice your opinions in a constructive fashion A university or college degree in computer science or a related field Disciplined self-starter, capable of working independently and in close collaboration within an agile development team Object Oriented design using common design patterns and SOLID principles Familiarity with Git code versioning system Profound insight of TCP, TLS and HTTP protocols is a plus Bonus points if you have 1+ years web development experience with one or more modern JavaScript libraries such as Vue.js, React, or Angular Must be a Canadian resident and legally eligible to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID156:
We make technology accessible to our manufacturing clients; We work with a lot of data that we process and display to clients in a simple and useful way; We work with agility but are not religious about it; We use and leverage different technologies and languages to deliver the best products; We bring the continuous improvement philosophy to our clients and that’s the way we work too. To help build our web based user interfaces that our clients use daily to see how their factories are performing. 5-7 years experience as a Front-End Developer; Solid experience in User Experience (UX) and User Interface (UI); Experience with JavaScript (including Highcharts and D3.js) and React framework; Experience in building interactive and modern web based User Interfaces; Experience in building interfaces that work on small devices to huge monitors; Capacity to choose the right technology for the job; Knowledge of automated testing to provide the right quality in the products; Understanding of responsive design and fluid layout; Experience in using a source code management system (we use Git); Experience with Node.js (nice to have); Experience with React Native mobile apps (nice to have). You want to grow, learn and improve yourself at work You are a top performer and you’re making what you have to do in order to achieve your goals You know results are important and you focus on achieve them You are creative and determined to go above and beyond to generate new ideas, you have a desire to change the current status quo Competitive compensation Impressive office life: talented team, located in the heart of Old Montreal, activities, innovation culture, sports, etc.! Professional development and opportunities to grow Access to virtual health care 
ScrapedJobID157:
Extended Health & Dental RRSP matching plan Paid time to volunteer for a charity of your choice Free parking Green Transportation Incentive Social Committee Events Employee Service Awards Performance Bonus Opportunities for continuous learning …And most importantly: great people to work with! Rapidly build and iterate on functional prototypes that express design intent and resolve A|B scenarios Be able to work creatively through and around perceived limitations and/or challenges imposed by customer expectations and/or the service delivery platform Partner with engineering to ensure that interactive techniques and technologies translate through to shipping products Craft, design, and build the user experience of our collective suite of software products Maintain and innovate our design practices and style guides Address software requirements and architectural considerations Collaborate in Scrum meetings and help drive activities Support and mentor others in their work efforts and outcomes 3+ years developing rich web applications with full-featured JavaScript frameworks 3+ years with JavaScript, HTML5, SCSS Experience with web, mobile web, and mobile app front-end development Experience with UX tools such as Axure, Balsamiq, inVision, Figma, or similar Proven flair for designing and implementing functional & efficient user experiences Enterprise class web applications Experience with Unity game engine Experience with Autodesk Forge Portfolio of work that demonstrates how you have used technology to create design solutions Agile software development Strong communication skills Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field and experience 
ScrapedJobID158:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID159:
Build frontend components and features Collaborating with and provide technical feedback to junior developers and peers Contribute to task creation, task breakdown, and distribution Improve our infrastructure and continuously improve our Frontend Team Participating in new team member technical on-boarding Three (3) years of experience working on commercial / agency medium-size frontend projects or equivalent Two (2) years of experience working on Vue.js, or equivalent, framework projects Excellent understanding of web page performance, debugging, and best practices Strong knowledge of core Javascript/HTML/CSS Strong understanding of cross-browser compatibility development and testing concepts Experience with Vuex and reactive state management concepts Experience with module bundler systems and related web tooling concepts Experience working with REST APIs Experience leading small to midsize multi product teams with demonstrated ability to mentor, grow team members as well as provide technical guidance and oversight on implementation direction Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Solid experience with Javascript unit and feature testing concepts and frameworks PWA and Single Page Application project experience Chrome/Firefox extension development experience Experience with Linux command line, and git Experience working in start-up environments Knowledge of BEM methodology in medium to large scale codebases GitHub profile with sample projects you would like to showcase Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID160:
1+ years of hands-on software development experience Practical knowledge of single page applications (SPA) using modern front-end frameworks like Angular or React Strong knowledge of TypeScript or JavaScript Knowledge of the best practices and style of at least one of the front-end frameworks Experience with centralized state management (E.g. NgRx) Good knowledge of HTML 5, and CSS 3 Practical experience with front-end test frameworks (E.g. Jasmine) Experience with a continuous development and delivery model Experience working with REST APIs Familiarity with Agile and Scrum Comfortable working with a distributed team Knowledge of WebGL and Three.js Knowledge about Web Components Familiarity with Secure Software Development practices (SSDL) Basic experience with back-end development Featured in Forbes: How Ethical Is Your AI? Sama Honored on Inc. Magazine’s Annual List of America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies — the Inc. 5000 
ScrapedJobID161:
Développer des produits numériques performants grâce à tes expertises en Javascript natif et ta maîtrise d’un ou plusieurs frameworks / librairies. Participer à la conception/analyse, au codage, aux tests, à l’intégration, au débogage et à la recette des applications Front-end. Être partie prenante lors des ateliers de spécifications d’architecture et de conception Apporter ton expertise métier et tes connaissances techniques à ton équipe –> Partage! Faire du développement optimisé pour des projets clients High Level #webperf Veiller à ce que la qualité soit au rendez-vous, et être force de proposition auprès de ton client / chef de projet – Code review <3 Travailler et collaborer dans un environnement agile (et si tu ne l’es pas encore, laisser Atecna faire de toi un maître en la matière. Intégrer tes connaissances de méthodologie de tests (TDD, BDD, etc.). Créer de la documentation technique selon les projets. Se tenir au courant des nouvelles technologies dans les domaines du développement web en général Tu as une bonne compréhension de la programmation orienté objet. Tu es développeur Front-end avec 3 ans ou plus d’expérience sur du JS natif et au moins un an avec React, VueJS ou Svelte. Tu adoptes une approche pragmatique et agile du développement. L’intégration continue et les tests unitaires ne te fait pas peur. Autonome et proactif tu es à la recherche de challenge. Tu es rigoureu·x·se et Curieu·x·se. Tu as un bon sens de l’organisation, capable de résoudre des problèmes. Tu veux contribuer activement à au développement de ton équipe. Tu sais t’adapter facilement aux changement et propositions. Tu as l’esprit d’entreprenariat et tu recherches la collaboration avec d’autre corps de métier. 
ScrapedJobID162:
Develop an evolving web & mobile application, with a focus on high performance and high quality Provide support & mentoring to junior developers Participate in the front-end application architecture You’ll be responsible for using and enforcing front-end best practices Test to ensure scalability, performance, and efficiency Perform systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. 5 years of front-end development experience, ideally with Angular Experience with REST API’s Open-minded with a thirst for learning Knowledge or interest in Ionic would be considered a bonus Experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Sense of humor Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID163:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID164:
Meeting with teams to discuss website front-end design, UX/UI, plugin development and other design functions. Designing and building the website's front-end UI. Creating the website architecture. Designing and managing the website back-end dashboard, including database and server integration. Generating WordPress themes and plugins. Conducting website performance tests. Troubleshooting content issues. Conducting WordPress training with teams. Monitoring the performance of the live website. Creating, designing, and deploying landing pages. Knowledge of Miro, Notion, Dovetail, Figma, Airtable, Overflow, Pen and Paper, Portopie, Lookback, Maze, Trello, OptimalSorGoogle Forms, Typeform, OptionalWorkshop Questions, Capian, Paper, Belvedere Calendar, Zeroheight, The A11y Project, Lighthouse, WAVE, Color Oracle would be nice to have but not necessary. Manage analytics reporting from sources such as Google Analytics, Alexa, Oribi, HotJar. Keep up with the latest trends, stacks, and frameworks in the front-end/javascript ecosystem. Be comfortable working sometimes independently and with teams. Designing and implementing applications using web technologies such as WordPress, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Exposure to React, Angular in an Agile environment (nice to have) Working with JavaScript frameworks and web frameworks as necessary Undergraduate degree in the design-related field; Graduate degree preferred or Degree in Computer Science, Interactive Design, UX/UI Design, or additional relevant education. Minimum of 3 to 5 years of digital design experience, WordPress professional experience, preferably in digital design, interaction and visual design, menus, UI and UX Proven work experience as a WordPress Developer is a must. Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, and jQuery. Knowledge of code versioning tools, including Git, Mercurial, and SVN. Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug. Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics. Ability to project manage. Good communication skills. Substantial expertise in user interactions for a high-traffic web application. Solid knowledge of front-end markup and design frameworks: HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, Material Design, WordPress. Firm understanding of responsive web and mobile design. Expertise in either visual design or interaction design, plus experience and continued growth in the other discipline. In-depth knowledge of UX/UI principles and best practices, user-centred design, and design thinking. Advanced understanding of business processes and operations, project methodologies, organizational practices, and business transformation. Expertise in using software tools and windows applications, primary focus on PHP. Aptitude in exercising sound judgment while making decisions and handling confidential information with discretion. A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with a can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities. A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with customers and related teams courteously and effectively. Proficient in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. Proficiency in working with plugins. Proficiency with responsive development. Portfolio/pdf samples of recent work, including web and mobile case studies. Familiar with various hosting environments and related web applications (email, web servers, DNS, etc.) Experience coding HTML emails Familiarity with accessibility guidelines for web development A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with a can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities. A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with teams in a courteous and effective manner Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID165:
The CIC NS is one of IBM’s highest performing delivery centres worldwide – for retention, client satisfaction and utilization. Our employees are empowered to stay and grow within IBM. We are very focused on continuous skill development – staff training is our third largest annual Centre investment. Employees are immersed in a culture of learning and constant growth. Investment in key partnership with universities, government and private sector groups which has resulted in IBM having a key influencing role in Nova Scotia’s ICT industry, especially in talent development. Angular Familiarity with Typescript / ES6 knowledge and experience in Redux / RxJS Web Frontend using HTML, CSS3 and Javascript Experience consuming and leveraging restful API’s Written test cases with frameworks like Karma and Jasmine NGRX Responsive Web Responsive UI Dev (Angular JS) Hybrid Mobile - Cordova Web Frameworks - Bootstrap, Material CSS preprocessors - SASS / LESS GIT / Source Control Responsive UI Dev (Angular JS) 
ScrapedJobID166:

ScrapedJobID167:
Expert at HTML+CSS Expert with Javascript (JQuery, Script.aculo.us, Prototype) Familiarity with cross-browsing and responsive technologies Knowledge of frameworks (Bootstrap, Symfony, PHPCake, Zend, etc) Back-end programming experience Knowledge of PHP or ASP.NET Experience with Different types of Databases (MySQL, MsSQL, etc.) 3+ years of Front End developing and testing Experience working in a formal software development environment Linux, Mac O/S, MySQL, PHP 4/5, Apache/Light HTTP technology experience based on LAMP model 
ScrapedJobID168:
Evolve and enhance User Interface of our core SimplePin application and Company website Participate in the analysis, elaboration, and estimation of customer requirements and specifications Design, develop, and deploy new production-quality features and functionality that meet customer requirements Maintain and improve existing code, including monitoring for front-end errors, reporting errors to internal bug tracking system Build high-quality mockups and design different prototypes Collaborate with application support to analyze, troubleshoot, reproduce, and resolve production issues reported by customers Work with other team members on release planning and deployment activities Innovate and improve development and implementation processes and tools by advocating technologies and designs that promote efficiency, reliability, and reusability Be proactive, facilitate knowledge sharing, and continually improve our activities Perform code and layout reviews, refactoring, and assisting other developers Provide technical solutions related to User Interface and User Experience Ensure all personal deliverables are done with highest level of quality, on time, and done according specifications Ensure that the goals and objectives are accomplished within defined timeframes and allocated budgets Analyze business requirements, provide the feedback to stakeholders. Perform technical investigation of customer support issues and provide resolution Track time and deliver time-sheets on weekly basis Perform technical research and present innovative solutions which contribute to company success Other tasks as assigned 3+ years’ Front-end Development and IT experience A fundamental understanding of designing for different technologies, platforms and browsers Experience using software best practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Fluency in the principles of user-centered design methods, information architecture, usability, and interface and interaction design A firm grasp of a range of UX tools, processes, and outcomes Strong debugging and analytical skills Worked as part of Scrum teams or similar iterative Agile development methodologies Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in software engineering or computer science Practiced continuous improvement and promoted knowledge sharing Capable of managing assigned tasks and meeting deadlines Excellent interpersonal, communication, collaboration, and writing skills Proactive problem solver Multi-tasking capabilities with ability to adjust to paced environment Works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from technical management Attention to details Fluent in spoken and written English is a plus Experience in HTML5 technologies, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS, Ajax and JavaScript/jQuery. Experience in developing responsive cross-browser/cross-platform UIs for web applications. Knowledge of graphics software such as Adobe Suite, Photoshop etc. Understanding of Core Java development practices Proficiency in Unix Operation Systems with experience in Linux / Bash scripting Knowledge of Apache Wickets framework Knowledge of Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and Service desk. Drupal CMS experience is a plus Experience with financial math is a plus Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Software design and development 
ScrapedJobID169:
Playing a key role in designing, developing and maintaining our web based projects Designing Web front ends which are robust, scalable and performant. Working closely with Risk management for requirements gathering and translating those to technical tasks Being responsible for the look and feel of a wide range of internal systems and tools Driving creativity and pushing new ideas to improve overall user experience Learning about and keeping up with the latest frontend technologies Shaping the future of the Core Engineering team through regular interviewing, and occasional campus recruiting trips At least 5 years of experience with frontend technologies, preferably ReactJS, client side Javascript and HTML based UI development. Bonus points if you've worked on data-heavy web applications, especially those dealing with streaming data over WebSockets. Strong knowledge of CSS and experience building responsive web designs. Knowledge of Semantic UI is a plus. Meticulous attention to detail A passion for HCI (Human Computer Interaction) principles and UI/UX design Experience with building and/or interfacing with web services, especially for facilitating interaction among multiple systems. Knowledge of standard software development practices like Version Control, Code Reviews, Automated Testing and Deployment, etc. Self-starting and can work autonomously in a larger team Committed to following best practices Keenly interested in developing technologies Enthusiastic about testing Able to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities as priorities change Organized and detail-oriented Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses 5 weeks of paid vacation per year Lunch and snacks on a daily basis Reimbursement for health and wellness expenses Free events and workshops 
ScrapedJobID170:
Coding, testing, documenting and debugging assigned development tasks to meet acceptance criteria Review and constructively critique code submissions from other squad members Conducts code refactoring at the functional level to make code more testable Guides unit/feature testing creation on existing functions as well as new code Implement product features with limited specifications through engagement with stakeholders Supports other squad members in story estimating and story breakdown as well as their own Create and review proposed test cases and test automation to execute them Identify and communicate potential obstacles in squads plans and define contingency plans Able to break down complex problems into manageable pieces and make progress with moderate supervision of senior team members Solving customer issues on time and suggest possible workarounds, supporting Jr. members with the same Guide others in agile development concepts and participate in our SAFe process Identify your own learning needs and create a plan to pursue them Adopts a positive attitude towards change and continual improvement Prioritizes squad success over individual success 2 to 5 years of working experience Working knowledge of C# and HTML5 Solid understanding of frontend technologies and concepts Must work effectively with others in a team environment Strong development fundamentals Strong written and verbal English communication skills Vue.js, javascript, typescript experience preferred but not required QT/QML considered a benefit French, Swedish languages a plus Experience in AWS Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, or equivalent Flexible hours Hybrid working environment Free parking Strong work-life balance Casual dress code (shorts and jeans welcome!) Competitive flexible group benefits plan RRSP matching program Referral program Rewards and Recognition program Training and Development Support Monthly Lunch and Learns Fitness & Wellness reimbursement Weekly healthy snacks and holiday lunches An active social committee Lunch hour sporting activities (hockey, soccer, volleyball etc.) with a shower on site And much more! Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID171:
Develop and iterate on new features, working closely with Design and Backend engineers to achieve a polished product Create and enhance ways to display analytical data to our users, primarily using Highcharts Regularly conduct peer reviews, code audits and promote good practices Influence design direction and work directly with design members to iterate UX solutions Work with other teams to build a technical ecosystem that enables high velocity, low-waste development Work with the integrations team to deliver shared reporting features. 5+ years using HTML/CSS 5+ years using Javascript 3+ years using React College/ University degree Profit-sharing, distributed quarterly Frequent promotions 3 weeks vacation and paid sick days Happy Hour every Friday Extended health benefits Continued education allowance Annual fitness allowance Work from anywhere in the world Join a bootstrapped, product-focused, & customer-oriented team 
ScrapedJobID172:
1+ years of hands-on software development experience Practical knowledge of single page applications (SPA) using modern front-end frameworks like Angular or React Strong knowledge of TypeScript or JavaScript Knowledge of the best practices and style of at least one of the front-end frameworks Experience with centralized state management (E.g. NgRx) Good knowledge of HTML 5, and CSS 3 Practical experience with front-end test frameworks (E.g. Jasmine) Experience with a continuous development and delivery model Experience working with REST APIs Familiarity with Agile and Scrum Comfortable working with a distributed team Knowledge of WebGL and Three.js Knowledge about Web Components Familiarity with Secure Software Development practices (SSDL) Basic experience with back-end development Featured in Forbes: How Ethical Is Your AI? Sama Honored on Inc. Magazine’s Annual List of America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies — the Inc. 5000 
ScrapedJobID173:
Provides senior level system assessments, design, development, and implementation of web applications Implements solutions that are efficient, testable, and scalable Employs modern software development techniques to ensure tests are implemented in a way that supports automation Participates in code inspections throughout life cycle to identify issues Thoroughly understands software development methodology Thoroughly understands architecture standards Thoroughly understands client business functions and technology needs Writes the technical portion of assigned projects & assists technical team members with their work BS degree in an associated field or other advanced certification along with equivalent experience Minimum of five years of front-end development Extensive experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript Experience with two or more JavaScript libraries, preferably Angular Experience writing expressions preferred Extensive experience taking design comps and translating them into their web-based equivalents Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions 
ScrapedJobID174:
Build html/css/javascript to create engaging user interfaces Have an opinion on how to make things better, faster, and more efficient! Collaborate with all RKD team members including Project Managers, and Graphic Designers Maintain, update, and enhance existing Web Sites and Applications as required Actively participate in Quality Assurance / Usability Testing while maintaining best practice standards Assist in providing client support as required Minimum 3+ years font end development experience Minimum 3+ years WordPress experience Can demonstrate proficiency with HTML / CSS / JQuery / Bootstrap Strong analytical, organizational and communication skills are required Must be a team player that can work independently and take direction from others Strong knowledge of web development tools and programming languages Familiarity with back end development languages an asset Hours of work 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Strong acceptance and understanding of work-life balance 
ScrapedJobID175:
Perform full lifecycle equipment development (design, develop, test, manufacture, commission, maintain, support, continuous improvement). Collaborate with multi-disciplinary engineering team. Perform detailed documentation to track project development and design process. Actively participate in daily stand ups. Identify design weaknesses and formulate effective continuous improvements. Generate working prototypes for beta testing. 3+ years of relevant work experience in a similar Front End Development work Hands on experience working with React, React Native frameworks Hands on experience developing application for Electron framework Proficient with git and git workflows Experience working in teams of at least 5 other developers Knowledge in debugging of data at the TCP/IP level is a very strong asset Some back end experience would be greatly beneficial 
ScrapedJobID176:
Build end-to-end machine learning solutions to solve complex customer problems. Collaborate with applied researchers to ensure they are well-calibrated on the constraints of the production system, ensuring their research proceeds along practical pathways as they explore novel techniques to tackle previously unsolved problems. Effectively communicate technical machine learning results in a business context where most people are not machine learning experts. Build the systems to help applied researchers scale their models in a production environment. Design experiments, including for offline prototypes in a statistically sound way that will provide actionable data and enable us to make reliable decisions as we iterate on a project. Promote excellence and best practices across the machine learning team in regards to research, implementation, tooling, and system design. Work cross-functionally across multiple partner teams to get new features shipped across our many interfaces. Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. Understands traditional machine learning algorithms and how to use them effectively in practice. Is familiar with deep learning and its applications in industry. Has a strong working knowledge of statistics as it relates to sampling methodologies and designing experiments Understands data structures and algorithms at a level sufficient to write performant code when working with large datasets or large incoming data streams. Is aware of NLP techniques to effectively work with very high-dimensional, sparse data. Has enough experience with academic research to be comfortable reading and implementing papers to reproduce their results. Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. A connected team: Grammarly builds products that help people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer support to set up a home office, ample and defined time off, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. For Colorado-based employment: The salary range for this position is $133,000 – $311,000/year; however, base pay offered may vary considerably depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The compensation package includes a wide range of medical, dental, vision, financial, and other benefits, as well as equity. 
ScrapedJobID177:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Servlet PHP MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS ASP Ajax Shell script 
ScrapedJobID178:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID179:
Program and design (with UI/UX in mind) user-facing features for our existing applications Develop and/or revamp completely new front-end web interfaces Build reusable components/FE libraries to be reused across many projects Discuss and decide with the team on the trade offs between usability and functionality Take initiatives, be proactive and present potential solutions 3-5+ years of professional web development experience A good understanding of the web fundamentals and internet protocols. Experience implementing complex application with one of the major front-end frameworks (preferably React.js) Familiarity with state management pattern, routing, and Single Page Application Expertise in HTML, CSS/SASS and JavaScript Good knowledge of object-oriented JavaScript A Passion for User Interface and Usability Ability to accurately estimate development work based on provided requirements Ability to prioritize and manage workload effectively Strong attention to detail Good team player Gitlab or version control experience. Testing experience. 
ScrapedJobID180:
High-energy Collaborative Environment: JANA combines the energy of a start-up with the discipline of a precision engineering firm Regular Social Events: Join the entire JANA Team for fun Social Events like our Weekly Beer Club, Annual Birthday Bonspiel, Ice Cream Parties, Cinco de Mayo… even an Easter Egg Hunt! Best-in-Class Benefits: JANA offers all employees a comprehensive benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Disability and Gym Membership coverage The JANA Way: Functions in alignment with JANA's Values and Professional Culture Develops and improves software development practices in agile environment Performs code review, provide guidance and direction to ensure high code quality Mentors Junior Software Developers and sets a great example for others to follow Writes clean, testable, maintainable code Works closely with the Product, UX and Development Team to design and implement software solutions that are scalable and align to best practices. Provides technical oversight, shares expertise on modeling, standards, guidelines, and design patterns Proactively identifies and communicates potential issues or risks within the platform landscape. Experiments with and evaluates new technologies through proof of concept REQUIRED
Undergraduate in Computer Science or equivalent
7+ years of experience as a professional software developer
Strong information architecture fundamentals and proven experience building and organizing complex information
Experience in development of web applications using TypeScript, modeling, and OOP
Knowledge and experience with leading UI and UX design, utilizing prototyping software and digital design applications
In-depth knowledge of React and Redux
Experience working with top UI frameworks (e.g. Angular 4+, Vue, Svelte, Ember)
Proficient with Front-End development: HTML5 / CSS / JavaScript / Responsive Design
Knowledge of using CSS preprocessor/postprocessor
Proven experience working with RESTful API following the best practices
Well versed using Git to create and review PRs, resolve merge conflicts, branching
Deep understanding of core UI/UX principles and accessibility standards
Understanding the differences between UI development for various screens and devices
Solid understanding of Object-Oriented Programming principles Undergraduate in Computer Science or equivalent 7+ years of experience as a professional software developer Strong information architecture fundamentals and proven experience building and organizing complex information Experience in development of web applications using TypeScript, modeling, and OOP Knowledge and experience with leading UI and UX design, utilizing prototyping software and digital design applications In-depth knowledge of React and Redux Experience working with top UI frameworks (e.g. Angular 4+, Vue, Svelte, Ember) Proficient with Front-End development: HTML5 / CSS / JavaScript / Responsive Design Knowledge of using CSS preprocessor/postprocessor Proven experience working with RESTful API following the best practices Well versed using Git to create and review PRs, resolve merge conflicts, branching Deep understanding of core UI/UX principles and accessibility standards Understanding the differences between UI development for various screens and devices Solid understanding of Object-Oriented Programming principles PREFERRED
Experience with D3.js library
Knowledge of front-end unit testing frameworks and experience with their implementation
Experience with Cloud technologies and microservices (Azure or AWS)
Automation of builds and deployment pipelines (CI/CD)
Experience working in a test-driven environment
Experience working and integrating with Map APIs and GIS systems such as ESRI ArcGIS Experience with D3.js library Knowledge of front-end unit testing frameworks and experience with their implementation Experience with Cloud technologies and microservices (Azure or AWS) Automation of builds and deployment pipelines (CI/CD) Experience working in a test-driven environment Experience working and integrating with Map APIs and GIS systems such as ESRI ArcGIS Speaking/Presenting: Clearly articulates ideas, opinions, and information in technical presentations and discussions so that the intended purpose is achieved, and the needs of the audience are met Collaboration: Works effectively with others to achieve positive results Creative Thinking: Generates innovative, out-of-the-box approaches and improved solutions Problem-solving: Able to analyze complex problems and formulate different points of attack to come up with viable solutions Prioritization: Coordinates and organizes resources and people in efficient and effective ways to accomplish larger strategies and goals Mentor Courage: Provides direct, honest, fair and constructive feedback and related actions 
ScrapedJobID181:
or equivalent experience Search Engine Optimization (SEO) WordPress PHP JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Python Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) PowerBuilder Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID182:
Intermediate to senior experience with JavaScript, TypeScript, React, CSS, and other frontend technologies and frameworks. Intermediate to senior experience developing, deploying, and maintaining responsive, single page apps. Intermediate to senior experience debugging, optimizing, and testing (unit/regression/cross-browser) responsive, single page apps. Experience with SOA and REST APIs The type of work. Challenging, stimulating and meaningful work. New and relevant tech stack. We know engineers/developers especially want to work on hard technical and innovative problems. The inspiration from skilled and proven leaders. Entrepreneurial fingerprints on what will be a future billion dollar company anchored in Canada. Culture, team, and the work environment. High degree of autonomy and accountability. High degrees of transparency and high quality communication. Builders Intellectually Curious Ambitious Objective Oriented Supportive Check us out! We gather compensation benchmarking data across BC and Canada’s Tech Industry, and use that data to build a range for our current team and future talent based on skill, capabilities and potential. These positions can range from $85,000-$140,000 CDN based on level of experience, skill, and capacities. So there is always continued conversation around compensation. Benefits. We currently have extended health benefits. Vacation. Unlimited Vacation. We want the team to prioritize wellness and avoid burnout. We want to also give individuals autonomy to choose how and when they take vacation. We understand and respect that everyone’s needs for time off are different, just like our team. Vacation usually falls into 3 categories: recharging, life-event, keeping a work-life balance. just ensure the required work gets done and clear it with your team in advance. In practice we usually see our teams take anywhere from 2-4 weeks a year, and Klue always takes a reasonable approach so we can all continue to benefit from flexibility. Work-life integration: Hybrid work model, flexible working schedules, and a global team. 
ScrapedJobID183:
At least 2 year of hands-on experience front-end web design Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field General knowledge of back-end web development from a consumer perspective Excellent communication skills (in English) Proficiency in the following skills and technologies is mandatory: CSS, HTML5, Bootstrap, jQuery Adobe Creative and/or CorelDraw Graphics Suite Bootstrap AngularJS Proficiency in the following technologies is desired but not mandatory: Compass Adobe Flash Perfectionism when it comes to code quality Commitment to developing a simple, clean, and attractive UI/front-end Confidence that your talent is significantly above your peers and competitors A willingness to embrace the concept of iterative development as the means for building excellent products Obsessive commitment to quality 
ScrapedJobID184:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Front-End: NextJS, Typescript, Apollo GQL, React with Hooks (v16.10), Styled Components, ES Lint, Prettier (testing: Jest) Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID185:

ScrapedJobID186:
MobSquad solves the significant and growing technology talent shortage faced by US-based start-ups and scale-ups by enabling its clients to quickly have a turnkey "virtual" Canadian subsidiary. MobSquad ensures technology professionals with US work visa challenges remain working with their current company, but nearshore from Canada. This is accomplished via MobSquad's unique partnership with the Canadian Government, enabling work visas to be issued for technology professionals and their respective families within four to six weeks, and Canadian permanent residency within six to eight months. Additionally, MobSquad has unfettered access to top-tier global technology talent which it relocates to Canada and pairs with American as well as Canadian clients on an exclusive, long-term basis, helping firms not only retain their existing world-class technology talent base, but grow it substantially. We're a Certified B corporation, and have made numerous contributions to charitable organizations, as well as a financial commitment to the Upside Foundation. We believe we are playing a key role in enhancing Canada's innovation economy, and have received financial support from the Government of Canada, Province of Alberta, Province of Nova Scotia, and City of Calgary, to support this ambition. For our workplace culture, we were recognized as the 3rd best place to work in Canada (for a small company) in 2020, as well as recognized specifically for being one of the best workplaces nationally for: inclusion; mental wellness; giving back; youth; and technology. We were also recognized as one of the best start-ups to work for across Canada. For our innovative business model, we have been featured in numerous media outlets including: Asian Pacific Post; BetaKit; Bloomberg; CBC; Global News; Gothamist; International Business Times; MIT Technology Review; Nearshore Americas; Nikkei Asian Review; NPR; The Economic Times of India; The Financial Times; The Globe and Mail; The Information; The New York Times; and The Washington Post. Harvard Business School published a case study on MobSquad last fall, and Harvard Business Review featured us multiple times in an article that appeared on the cover of their November/December 2020 edition. You can learn more about us on our website. You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a comparable field from an accredited institution You have over five years of general experience in software development across multiple languages and frameworks You have over five years of experience in JavaScript (specifically ES6), TypeScript, and front-end web development (e.g., HTML, CSS) You have experience with tools including Grunt, Gulp, and/or Webpack You have experience working with React, web components, and functional interfaces You have experience with back-end development including the use of Node.js and GraphQL (Apollo) You have experience working with RESTful APIs to connect to back-end services You have experience with SQL and NoSQL (MongoDB) databases You have knowledge of Software Design principles and various architectural patterns You have demonstrated the ability to develop high-quality code adhering to industry best practices (i.e., code review, unit tests, revision control) You have a work history reflective of a self-motivated professional who excels when given open-ended problems and broadly defined goals, having an innate desire to leverage their skills in a way that provides business value You are a self-starter, a quick learner, and are adept at turning high-level guidance into action-oriented plans You are detail-oriented, and have fantastic organizational skills A full-time position that offers competitive compensation A benefits program delivered through our bespoke digital platform, giving you control, choice, and flexibility. We give you the ability to build your package of benefits covering health (e.g., medical, dental, vision), wellness (e.g., gym, workout gear, massage, transit), and RRSP (retirement savings) A downtown office location with first-rate amenities, surrounded by great restaurants and easily-accessible transit For international candidates, sponsorship for an immediate work permit, expedited permanent residency, and Canadian citizenship within four years 
ScrapedJobID187:
4+ years of modern JavaScript framework experience such as React, Vue, and Angular Exposure and working knowledge of the latest ES6+ features Experience consuming REST-style APIs in addition to single page application (SPA) experience Experience with build tools such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Experience with Vanilla CSS in addition to CSS framework such as Buefy, Vuetify, Bootstrap Server-side node.js experience Experience with CSS and SASS/SCSS Experience with CSS3/Sass features Comfortable working with a package manager such as NPM Mid-level experience with Git features: branching, merging, pull requests, etc Knowledge and syntactical proficiency of HTML5 spec Experience developing Shopify sites Experience with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID188:

ScrapedJobID189:
3 years or more experience in front-end programming Mastering HTML5 and CSS3 in responsive web Mastering CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Fundation Good knowledge of PHP Creative and curious Rigorous and strategic Analytical skills Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to express ideas clearly and accurately Collaborative and proactive Ability to solve problems Organized and have excellent work techniques Develop and integrate Web features related to the established user experience Design and implement web pages using best practices in UX/UI, SEO and mobile Participate in creating landing pages for digital campaigns Provide estimates for web development efforts in collaboration with multiple teams Diagnose and solve technical problems Work in collaboration with a multidisciplinary team (web strategist, graphic designer, backend developer) Participate in the realization of functional tests Identify possible solutions for moderately complex situations, evaluate them and make a decision in partnership with the team Keep up to date on Web and emerging technologies. Support the start of production. 
ScrapedJobID190:

ScrapedJobID191:
A burning passion for creating beautiful Web UIs using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS; and a familiarity with the limitations of various browsers and devices; you care about repaints, reflows, framerates and hardware acceleration. Laser focus on consistent delivery of elegant, efficient and reusable JavaScript code that is easy for others to maintain and use. An obsession with code quality and can deep knowledge of the state-of-the-art techniques you are employing to get there; you have an opinion on Mocha and other JS test frameworks. An intolerance for ugly web pages and bad UIs – you can show us examples of things you have fixed and/or would fix if given the opportunity. Experience with and an opinion on things like Angular, Node, JQuery and Typescript. An understanding and appreciation of the purpose and the practices of Agile; accompanied with the skills to deliver reliably and effectively on a sprint cadence; preferably across time zones. Pride in your work — show us some things you are proud of (products, websites, code samples) – please include a link to such in your application. 
ScrapedJobID192:
Rédiger des tests automatisés pour le navigateur à l'aide de TestCafé Discuter fréquemment en équipe des fonctionnalités à bâtir Améliorer la qualité de l’interface utilisateur en place Comprendre et analyser les besoins clients et concevoir la meilleure solution Assurer la faisabilité technique des designs UI/UX Programmer les solutions en divers langages (JavaScript, HTML-CSS, GraphQL) Créer les prototypes des nouvelles technologies à implanter Tenir à jour un logiciel de gestion de projet Se tenir à jour dans les technologies pour participer activement aux remue-méninges Faire avancer la recherche et le développement dans le domaine de la télémédecine Optimiser l’application pour une vitesse et une évolutivité maximale Réorganiser le flux logiciel afin de rehausser l’expérience utilisateur Implanter un nouveau design pour l’interface utilisateur Vous aimez automatiser le contrôle qualité et vous assurez que votre solution est optimale avant son déploiement (CI/CD) Vous avez de bonnes connaissances des technologies modernes du Web (Responsive design, PWA, Service Worker) Vous vous intéressez aux applications hors-ligne Vous êtes passionnées des technologies et vous aimez vous tenir à jour Vous avez de l’intérêt pour le domaine médical et l’amélioration des soins de santé de la population Vous êtes bilingue (FR/AN) Travail à distance: Nos bureaux virtuels vous permettent de travailler d’où voulez, que ce soit à la plage, dans un café ou à la maison, vous décidez! (équipement fourni) Horaire flexible : Vous avez une famille, vous aimez vous entrainer à 13h ou vous avez simplement une vie remplie, on vous comprend. Nos horaires flexibles de 35 heures vous permettent d’aménager votre temps à votre goût. Salaire compétitif : Notre rémunération globale a été conçue afin d’être compétitive. Également, vous débuterez avec minimum 3 semaines de vacances, peu importe votre nombre d’années d’expérience. Avantages sociaux : Parce que nous voulons ce qu’il y a de mieux pour le bien-être de notre équipe, nous offrons une vaste gamme d'avantages sociaux généreux, y compris un PAE, un RVER et une assurance collective comprenant une assurance-vie, médicaments, vision, dentaire, voyage et bien plus! Apprentissage continu : Nous nous engageons à vous permettre d’acquérir une expertise et de la perfectionner en vous offrant un budget annuel pour la formation de votre choix. Flexibilité : Autant dans l’exécution de vos tâches que dans votre horaire, soyez en contrôle de votre performance! Équipe dynamique: Travailler en groupe, c'est travailler avec le souci de l'harmonie et de l'efficacité des actions. Nous misons sur l'expertise, la communication efficace et les valeurs communes partagées pour atteindre nos objectifs. Collaborateurs.trices : Vous travaillerez en étroite collaboration avec plus de 800 médecins, spécialistes et gestionnaires du réseau de la santé ainsi qu’avec une équipe extraordinaire et vous aiderez dans la bataille de la Covid-19 Write automated tests for the browser using TestCafé Frequently discuss as a team the functionalities to be built Improve the quality of the user interface in place Understand and analyze customer needs and design the best solution Ensure the technical feasibility of UI / UX designs Program solutions in various languages (JavaScript, HTML-CSS, GraphQL) Create prototypes of new technologies to be implemented Maintain project management software Stay up to date with technologies to actively participate in brainstorming Advance research and development in the field of telemedicine Optimize the application for maximum speed and scalability Reorganize the software flow to enhance the user experience Implement a new design for the user interface You like to automate quality control and make sure that your solution is optimal before its deployment (CI/CD) You have good knowledge of modern web technologies (Responsive design, PWA, Service Worker) You are interested in offline applications You are passionate about technology and you like to keep up to date You have an interest in the medical field and the improvement of public health care You are bilingual (EN/FR) Remote work: Our virtual offices lets you work from anywhere, whether it’s at the beach, in a cafe or at home, you decide! (equipment provided) Flexible hours: You have a family, you like to train at 1pm or you simply have a busy life, we understand. Our flexible 35-hour schedule allows you to tailor your time to your liking. Competitive salary: Our global compensation has been designed to be competitive. You will also start with a minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation, regardless of your years of experience. Benefits: Because we want the best for the well-being of our team, we offer a wide range of generous benefits including an EAP, a VRSP and group insurance including life insurance, health insurance, vision and dental care, travel insurance and more! Continuous learning: We are committed to helping you acquire and develop your expertise by providing you with an annual budget for the training course of your choice. Flexibility: As much in the execution of your tasks as your schedule, you are in control of your performance! Dynamic team: Working in a group means having in mind the harmony and the effectiveness of actions. We rely on our team members expertise, effective communication skills and shared common values to achieve our goals. Collaborators: You will work in close collaboration with more than 800 doctors, specialists and managers of the health network, as well as with an extraordinary team, to help in the battle against Covid-19 
ScrapedJobID193:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Public transportation is available 
ScrapedJobID194:
Experience with object-oriented design 1+ years of experience in a software engineering role with an emphasis on front end engineering Experience with modern web technologies and techniques such as HTML5, CSS3, CSS frameworks and CSS pre-processors Experience with Node, JavaScript, TypeScript. frameworks such as React or Angular, and bundlers such as Webpack or Rollup Experience building rich data-driven web applications by consuming Restful services and APIs. Passion for building efficient/scalable tools and web interfaces Understanding of web services technologies such as SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, XSD, and REST Experience in Amazon Web Services Degree preferably in computer science or a similar technical discipline Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologies and building compelling web applications and UI You should be a self-starter and motivated 
ScrapedJobID195:
Design and deliver high quality features and enhancements. Provide estimates and actively participate in the spring planning process. Produce highly secure solutions. Performance tuning. Peer review code. Front-end development experience and knowledge of Javascript modern frameworks like Vue.js, React or Angular. Experience writing and working with REST APIs. Ability to create a vision for our front-end applications while supporting multitude of customer features Collaborate with other cross-functional teams working on features for our customers Lead technical and architecture discussions about our front-end applications Ability to work closely with UX designers and Product owners to deliver the best UX for our customers Ability to deliver high-quality code using automated tests Familiarity with automated build pipelines; continuous integration or continuous delivery Proven experience using code repositories such as GitHub. Demonstrated ability to work in a fast pace customer centric environment. 5+ years of experience in web application development using Agile methodologies. Excellent communication and organization skills. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent. Experience with A/B testing Familiarity with deploying to cloud providers in and container-based distributed systems (Docker). Basic knowledge of relational databases Familiarity with *nix like environments Basic knowledge of message brokering systems such as RabbitMQ Familiarity with at least one dynamically typed, object-oriented programming language Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID196:
Maintain and manage existing page templates, modules, and contents on the Canadian marketing site. Build cross-browser responsive web pages. Translate our designers’ work into well-nested HTML and CSS. Create reusable modules with ACF for WordPress. Create customized WordPress themes from scratch. Create page templates for both English and French using the WPML plugin. Work with custom post types, plugins, categories, tags, queries, and other features in WordPress. Manage Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager. Work closely with project managers and the marketing team daily. 2+ years of experience in WordPress web development. Strong JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, and MySQL skills with a good sense of UI/UX. Writing, testing, and debugging codes that works across multiple browsers and platforms. Hands-on experience with jQuery, SASS/SCSS, and Bootstrap 4 & 5. Knowledge in the Sage starter theme and Laravel’s blade template. Experience in using RESTful APIs, JSON, and web development frameworks. Experience in working with CD/CI, Git, Gulp, Yarn, Npm, and Composer. Knowledge of SEO. Knows the French language. 
ScrapedJobID197:
Workplace : 5600 Chemin Côte-de-Liesse, Montreal, Quebec with possibilities of working from home. A formidable and dynamic team of professionals. Benefits: competitive base salary and generous benefits package (including flexible hours, medical and dental insurance, pension plan and holidays during the Holiday Season). Discounts offered to employees on Groupe Marcelle products. Optimization, extension customization, issue investigation, custom functionality build, front-end integration, bug testing, etc. Follow internal Magento development code ethics and review. Assist Project Manager on estimating complex tasks or prospective projects. Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications. Work closely with other developers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers. Create wireframes and design systems to build and maintain web brand standards and guidelines. Integrate, with web service, layers and CMS to enable high availability and flexibility with deployments. Develops and maintains responsive web designs using PWA Studio or similar framework. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the front-end software stack. Test software to ensure responsiveness and scalability. Write technical documentation. Solid experience (3+ years) as a Front-End Developer or similar capacity. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, XSLT, and XML). At least 2 years’ experience Magento Development in an eCommerce environment. Experience working with Magento 2 Commerce. Experience writing single page applications using JavaScript frameworks. Experience with Magento 2 PWA (PWA Studio). Experience with Angular, React, and Ajax. Must have experience with Git for pushing/pulling code. Experience with Jira and Agile methodology. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and French. Teamwork oriented. Attention to details. Work well under pressure. You are intellectually curious and a quick learner. 
ScrapedJobID198:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID199:
Help build Neo’s applications, including building front-end React components, GraphQL APIs, and Node.JS services. Participate in every stage of development including the technical planning, testing and deployment of your own work. Do your best work at a place where we treat development as a team sport; others rely on you to be focused and to get things done, but you can rely on others too. Be an active learner, keeping track of things you need to learn and making sure you ask questions, research topics, and read up. Always want to understand the Why. Work collaboratively with our Design, Product, and Infrastructure teams and think about the big picture and the whole user experience. Show you like to roll-up your sleeves and take on odd startup jobs; participate in the development community or volunteer to help other teams or initiatives at Neo. Graduates of technical schools, bootcamps, colleges, or universities with related experience in internships, courses or class projects, or possibly part-time or full-time experience. Fluency with at least one programming language, ability to solve programming problems and create solutions through writing code. Familiarity with cloud and internet basics; you’ve deployed something online before and want to dig in even further. Comfortable with common development tools like using Git and Github, command-line tools and the command shell for Linux or Mac. Knowledge of the current tech ecosystem, state of the art, trends and announcements, what’s popular and why it’s popular. Willingness to learn new tech, a new tech stack, new programming languages and take on new areas beyond your background. Full-time team members (not considering part-time or internships for this role). Check out our true internship roles on our website! Applicants must be eligible to work in Canada and must live locally (or be willing to relocate themselves to Calgary or Winnipeg). Be a high-achiever who wants to show you’re the best and that you can learn and do anything. All those classes and assignments you’ve done haven’t been forgotten; you’ve not only earned the degree but can remember the theory and knowledge from those books and lectures. Bring a positive attitude and genuine desire to not just do a job but achieve excellence by creating a product that is beloved by millions. Stay organized and detail oriented; you will need to make complex plans and execute them with discipline and due attention. Keep your eyes on where your career can go next, most Junior Developers get promoted faster at Neo, but it takes work. Be a team player who wants to make friends and relationships, who brings others up when they’re struggling, and who earns trust. 
ScrapedJobID200:
Develop innovative solutions to tackle big industry problems Primary duties involve designing and developing new product features, designing and implementing user workflows, investigating problem areas, researching new approaches and ideas for potential products Write well designed, scalable, reliable, testable and reusable code by using best software development practices, clean code and solid principles Provide technical guidance on the research and development of new products and services Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle of analysis, design, implementation and test Detect, report, investigate, and fix product defects Automation, including writing unit and integration tests Optimize and apply best practices Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skillsets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities Stay up-to-date with advanced technologies in order to be able to provide the best solutions for new projects Have fun, with all of the above! Expertise in Computer Science with an excellent understanding of math, algorithms, data structures, design patterns and software architecture, and the ability to understand the logic behind the relationships within programs themselves More than 7 years of software development, including at least 4 developing web user interfaces Your programming abilities are way above average Excellent knowledge of web technologies and a thorough knowledge of Angular or a similar framework Experience with unit testing of web interfaces, including Jasmine, Jest or Mocha (or a similar tool) Good knowledge of design approaches for single page web applications Experience with the Flux pattern and tools such as NGRX or Redux is helpful You obsess over providing your customers with excellent user experiences Experience with the Scrum methodology; scrum master experience would be a benefit Some experience in technical or people leadership would be an asset Good knowledge of the principles of object-oriented design You are constantly investigating new technologies and thinking outside the box for new solutions You are comfortable working in a fast-paced agile environment 
ScrapedJobID201:
Envisioning, designing, and developing a web application from the ground up, using modern web application and cloud deployment technologies. Working with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Experience developing user interfaces using React An intuition for UX and design, endless curiosity, and a passion for delighting people with software Experience with full-stack development, single-page web applications, micro-services architecture, REST service design, and test-driven development. Strong software development skills using TypeScript, JavaScript, and Node.js Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas and able to work in a collaborative environment. Experience with DevOps, Continuous Delivery and Deployment Familiarity with large scale React applications Experience with NoSQL, SQL and OLAP databases Exposure to Progressive Web Applications and Mobile application development Preferred Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID202:
Guide the direction of our technology stack to improve performance, scalability and maintainability Investigate and fix performance issues throughout our systems which include our Services and dependencies Contribute to open source software to improve our external dependencies Flesh out and iterate on requirements in collaboration with the product team Get involved in and participate actively to the Scrum ceremonies You will be working with experienced, passionate software developers as part of the Report & Insights group within a broader engineering organization with a strong technical culture. You will put your skills to good use and have the chance to learn or gain more knowledge of other programming languages. You enjoy building things. You value craftsmanship in software. You enjoy reading code, and you're probably in the habit of reading the source for your dependencies. You love collaborating with and mentoring others. You have hands-on experience with: React.js, Typescript and Javascript An eye for detail and interest in UI/UX Have a solid foundation in software engineering and web development An interest to mentor and grow the team through various channels (code review, talks, discussions, etc.) along with a passion for our mission (developing people), and can’t wait to have a positive impact on our team and our customers Continuous improvement is important! You look to enhance our development processes and methodologies while actively trying to pay back technical debt and extending their functionality You are no stranger to test automation, in fact you are reluctant to call something Code Complete unless it has decent test coverage Prioritization, organization and time management are key! Given a complex 3-month long body of work, you would be able to break that down into work units, estimate accurately, plan the work and execute it precisely within the expectations you’ve set with your team Experience managing code + pipelines and Docker are going to be a huge help You are passionate about what you do, you are a motivated self-starter and always learning and developing Strong English communication skills are required; French is an asset Experience with Ruby on Rails, Java, Scala, Spark, Airflow Interest/experience with functional programming 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual company get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software developers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID203:
Assisting in developing additional functionality in the anessa products Unit and integration testing of the work completed as it undergoes quality assurance Documentation of work completed including user manuals for the developed modules Estimation of workload and when a designated task will be completed Bachelor of Computer Science or higher. Knowledge of front-end programming languages: JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, Java. Familiarity with Angular, Node.js, MongoDB is an asset. Ability to work independently and in a collaborative group. Ability to work with and understand existing code. A bias for action; knowing how to get tasks done. The ability to prioritize competing tasks and work seamlessly across the team. Bringing creativity and positive energy to the team are big assets! 
ScrapedJobID204:
2+ years of experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience with frontend frameworks (Blazor, Angular). Experience with a public Cloud platform. Experience with Microsoft development stack and Azure cloud is an asset. Strong, effective and clear communication skills in English or French, with an ability to adjust messaging appropriate to the audience. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID205:
Baccalauréat en génie Logiciel ou toute autre formation pertinente Angular 8+ et/ou Vue/React HTML, Javascript, CSS Typescript et pre-processeurs CSS Unit tests (Jest, Moka) Node, NPM, Webpack Websockets et composants web Bonne compréhension d’ES6, SSR, observables, modules, modeling, interfaces Familier avec l’utilisation d’outils tels Jira, Confluence Connaissance des technologies Cloud, de préférence AWS (EC2, ECS, Codepipeline, Cloudformation, etc…) Connaissance de docker, docker-compose, microservices, outils CI/CD. Développement sur mobile (iOS, Android) Bonne connaissance de la méthodologie Agile 
ScrapedJobID206:
TypeScript, Vue.js, Go, Node.js PostgreSQL, MySQL Docker / Kubernetes Bitbucket, Confluence, JIRA, Slack Work with the cross functional teams (Product, Design, QA, Devops & Customer support) to define high-level solutions to create a delightful user experience Work closely with the backend team to design and integrate APIs Build reusable components and front-end libraries for multi-tenant applications Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimize components for maximum performance across an array of web-capable devices and browsers Follow code management procedures for proper revision control Prepare documentation, workflows, charts and diagrams for use by users or staff Respond quickly to bugs which made it into production Participate in the scrum development process Write unit tests for all your work and perform code reviews Show off your successes at company-wide sprint demos Post Secondary Degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or an equivalent combination of education and experience with 4+ years of experience in frontend development Ability to develop beautiful, scalable and efficient cross-browser front-end UI components and systems in JavaScript/TypeScript/Vue.js Ability to collaborate with talented designers to ensure our applications are usable, accessible and responsive Able to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with RESTful APIs, WebSockets, modern authorization mechanisms and unit testing frameworks Knowledge of relational databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL; is a nice to have Experience supporting a large application Half day Fridays - work a little more from Monday to Thursday, and log off at noon on Friday Company shutdown between Christmas & New Years Trust - you can’t have great teams without this Learning and development - we focus on the growth of the team Hackathons - need we say more? Workation - went to Peru in February 2020 (future trips on hold due to Covid-19) Weekly virtual social events to help promote team camaraderie 
ScrapedJobID207:
Participate in the design process and create beautiful / functional web components and applications, with a focus on the client side; Evolve and implement new and existing UI Collaborate with different teams to deliver features and functionality; Participate in code reviews and peer support; Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies to ensure we are always using the best practices; Be a promoter of great UX; Grow yourself and your peers through peer mentoring and collaboration. Strong knowledge of JavaScript (ES6+); Knowledge of semantic HTML, CSS and CSS preprocessors (Sass, LESS, etc.); Experience with bundlers and task runners (Webpack, Gulp, etc.); Familiarity with jQuery or other JS libraries; Familiarity with JS frameworks (React, Vue.js, etc.); Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions; Experience building responsive web components; A keen interest in user interface design and user experience best practices; Experience with the latest front-end technologies; Excellent communication skills; Team player Experience with accessibility best practices; Experience working in complex microservices architecture; Experience with writing tests, including unit tests, integration tests and e2e; Experience with typescript; Experience using the command line tool; Experience using node dependency management (npm, yarn); Experience using continuous integration services (CircleCI); Experience with PHP and PHP templating languages (Twig); Experience with Wordpress and ACF plugin; Experience using Gutenberg; Experience developing production-grade web applications; Experience using version control system (Git) and version control hosting services (Github); Experience working in an Agile development environment; Familiarity with AWS or Google Cloud Platform. Ability to do your job in a truly flexible environment; Genuine career opportunities in a company that's creating new jobs everyday; Work in a team big enough for growth but lean enough to make a real impact. 
ScrapedJobID208:

ScrapedJobID209:
Work with a distributed team of talented and resourceful developers, who are designing great user experiences and building truly effective applications Participate in Scrums consisting of cross functional teams New features development Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design Passion . You are eager to learn new technologies, but also want to understand the business problems we are trying to solve. You are willing to question the status quo to find a more optimal solution to existing process Teamwork . You thrive in a positive, collaborative environment with your great communication skills. You believe in the value of iterating together towards a common goal You are interested in developing holistic Web solutions. You possess the following fundamental technology skills 5+ years of experience with a front-end frameworks (Angular, React, Vue) and related technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3 Experience with Agile development methodologies, preferably Scrum Proficiency with modern Web, including but not limited to RxJS, Microservices, APIs, WebSockets, Web elements, SCSS, state management, events, session and local storage Good experience of designing, developing, debugging, optimizing and managing complex highly reliable and scalable production systems Familiarity with web services and database concepts Bachelor’s Degree (or higher) in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Remote or hybrid work options Vast opportunities for self-development: online courses and library, experience exchange with colleagues around the world, partial grant of certification Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Relocation package for foreign applicants 
ScrapedJobID210:
Design, build, evolve, and maintain the foundational front-end of the Agility CMS platform design components used by the other members of your team, as well as by developers who use Agility to build integrations. Build the UI changes that will help increase the productivity of users and developers working with the platform. Build a great experience for people using Agility CMS. Build UI components, libraries, and tools, that power the platform that impacts every Agility user, whether they’re an editor, developer, or partner. Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, scalable, secure, and extensible. Help drive sound technical decision-making and lead technical conversations with other teams across Agility. Cares deeply about consistency, usability, and speed Knows their way around the modern frontend ecosystem and has worked on complex web applications with a global user base Can debug problems that span systems and design solutions that span the whole stack Is energized by focusing on the needs of our users, both internal and external Holds themselves and others to a high bar when working with production systems Writes high-quality code and is willing to work outside frontend technologies Is adept at clear, concise, well-organized written communication about their work Has at least 3 years of experience as a software engineer You will be building and maintaining the web applications that power the Agility Content Manager. It's a complex product with lots of JavaScript to support and improve upon. You'll also be working on our design system components that will be used both internally for building applications and externally by teams building UI Extensions to the platform. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday Expert in using React.js or Vue.js Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID211:
Baccalauréat en génie Logiciel ou toute autre formation pertinente Angular 8+ et/ou Vue/React HTML, Javascript, CSS Typescript et pre-processeurs CSS Unit tests (Jest, Moka) Node, NPM, Webpack Websockets et composants web Bonne compréhension d’ES6, SSR, observables, modules, modeling, interfaces Familier avec l’utilisation d’outils tels Jira, Confluence Connaissance des technologies Cloud, de préférence AWS (EC2, ECS, Codepipeline, Cloudformation, etc…) Connaissance de docker, docker-compose, microservices, outils CI/CD. Développement sur mobile (iOS, Android) Bonne connaissance de la méthodologie Agile 
ScrapedJobID212:
TypeScript, Vue.js, Go, Node.js PostgreSQL, MySQL Docker / Kubernetes Bitbucket, Confluence, JIRA, Slack Work with the cross functional teams (Product, Design, QA, Devops & Customer support) to define high-level solutions to create a delightful user experience Work closely with the backend team to design and integrate APIs Build reusable components and front-end libraries for multi-tenant applications Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimize components for maximum performance across an array of web-capable devices and browsers Follow code management procedures for proper revision control Prepare documentation, workflows, charts and diagrams for use by users or staff Respond quickly to bugs which made it into production Participate in the scrum development process Write unit tests for all your work and perform code reviews Show off your successes at company-wide sprint demos Post Secondary Degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or an equivalent combination of education and experience with 4+ years of experience in frontend development Ability to develop beautiful, scalable and efficient cross-browser front-end UI components and systems in JavaScript/TypeScript/Vue.js Ability to collaborate with talented designers to ensure our applications are usable, accessible and responsive Able to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with RESTful APIs, WebSockets, modern authorization mechanisms and unit testing frameworks Knowledge of relational databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL; is a nice to have Experience supporting a large application Half day Fridays - work a little more from Monday to Thursday, and log off at noon on Friday Company shutdown between Christmas & New Years Trust - you can’t have great teams without this Learning and development - we focus on the growth of the team Hackathons - need we say more? Workation - went to Peru in February 2020 (future trips on hold due to Covid-19) Weekly virtual social events to help promote team camaraderie 
ScrapedJobID213:
Joining a close-knit team of developers to work on a cloud-based web application using a modern technology stack (EC2, AWS Lambda, Python, React, TypeScript, MySQL, Docker, GraphQL, Redis, ...) Taking ownership of full-stack feature delivery, from conception and design to coding and deployment Collaborating with your team to solve tough technical and business challenges and write great code in the process Thinking about how to build high-performing, resilient, scalable software with an emphasis on code quality through unit and integration testing Helping to define the infrastructure on which your code runs and support it in production Working with the DevOps team to create tools, alerts, instrumentation and monitoring for the code you write to ensure our applications are up and running smoothly Growing in your career while contributing to Kira’s success in the fast growing EdTech industry and helping us become innovators in this space 2+ years building web applications Degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field Strong desire to learn new languages and technologies Knowledge of Python is nice to have Experience with React or another front-end JavaScript library is nice to have Experience with AWS or cloud technologies is nice to have Must be eligible to work in Canada Company-provided MacBook 4 weeks of annual vacation plus office shut-down between Christmas and New Year’s Annual $1,000 professional development budget Dental and medical benefits package Stock option purchase program Office in downtown Toronto (Yorkville) Annual company retreat Weekly TGIF hang-out every Friday Quarterly company-wide town hall meeting followed by fun activities afterwards Casual dress Company events Dental care Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Web Development: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID214:
Participate in the design process and create beautiful / functional web components and applications, with a focus on the client side; Evolve and implement new and existing UI Collaborate with different teams to deliver features and functionality; Participate in code reviews and peer support; Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies to ensure we are always using the best practices; Be a promoter of great UX; Grow yourself and your peers through peer mentoring and collaboration. Strong knowledge of JavaScript (ES6+); Knowledge of semantic HTML, CSS and CSS preprocessors (Sass, LESS, etc.); Experience with bundlers and task runners (Webpack, Gulp, etc.); Familiarity with jQuery or other JS libraries; Familiarity with JS frameworks (React, Vue.js, etc.); Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions; Experience building responsive web components; A keen interest in user interface design and user experience best practices; Experience with the latest front-end technologies; Excellent communication skills; Team player Experience with accessibility best practices; Experience working in complex microservices architecture; Experience with writing tests, including unit tests, integration tests and e2e; Experience with typescript; Experience using the command line tool; Experience using node dependency management (npm, yarn); Experience using continuous integration services (CircleCI); Experience with PHP and PHP templating languages (Twig); Experience with Wordpress and ACF plugin; Experience using Gutenberg; Experience developing production-grade web applications; Experience using version control system (Git) and version control hosting services (Github); Experience working in an Agile development environment; Familiarity with AWS or Google Cloud Platform. Ability to do your job in a truly flexible environment; Genuine career opportunities in a company that's creating new jobs everyday; Work in a team big enough for growth but lean enough to make a real impact. 
ScrapedJobID215:

ScrapedJobID216:
Work with a distributed team of talented and resourceful developers, who are designing great user experiences and building truly effective applications Participate in Scrums consisting of cross functional teams New features development Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design Passion . You are eager to learn new technologies, but also want to understand the business problems we are trying to solve. You are willing to question the status quo to find a more optimal solution to existing process Teamwork . You thrive in a positive, collaborative environment with your great communication skills. You believe in the value of iterating together towards a common goal You are interested in developing holistic Web solutions. You possess the following fundamental technology skills 5+ years of experience with a front-end frameworks (Angular, React, Vue) and related technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3 Experience with Agile development methodologies, preferably Scrum Proficiency with modern Web, including but not limited to RxJS, Microservices, APIs, WebSockets, Web elements, SCSS, state management, events, session and local storage Good experience of designing, developing, debugging, optimizing and managing complex highly reliable and scalable production systems Familiarity with web services and database concepts Bachelor’s Degree (or higher) in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Remote or hybrid work options Vast opportunities for self-development: online courses and library, experience exchange with colleagues around the world, partial grant of certification Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Relocation package for foreign applicants 
ScrapedJobID217:
Design, build, evolve, and maintain the foundational front-end of the Agility CMS platform design components used by the other members of your team, as well as by developers who use Agility to build integrations. Build the UI changes that will help increase the productivity of users and developers working with the platform. Build a great experience for people using Agility CMS. Build UI components, libraries, and tools, that power the platform that impacts every Agility user, whether they’re an editor, developer, or partner. Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, scalable, secure, and extensible. Help drive sound technical decision-making and lead technical conversations with other teams across Agility. Cares deeply about consistency, usability, and speed Knows their way around the modern frontend ecosystem and has worked on complex web applications with a global user base Can debug problems that span systems and design solutions that span the whole stack Is energized by focusing on the needs of our users, both internal and external Holds themselves and others to a high bar when working with production systems Writes high-quality code and is willing to work outside frontend technologies Is adept at clear, concise, well-organized written communication about their work Has at least 3 years of experience as a software engineer You will be building and maintaining the web applications that power the Agility Content Manager. It's a complex product with lots of JavaScript to support and improve upon. You'll also be working on our design system components that will be used both internally for building applications and externally by teams building UI Extensions to the platform. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday Expert in using React.js or Vue.js Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID218:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with an emphasis on front-end systems We emphasize user-centric features and long-term business goals through team involvement. You will be contributing to our product through Lean UX style product design You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring interest and growing experience with UX technology Your team delivers:
Early, small scope experiments
Complex and detail-oriented projects
Incremental fixes to in-market products Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Proficiency with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) Experience with one or more modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Knowledgeable in working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Understanding of designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Nice to have - experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc.) Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Lots of team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Excellent healthcare benefits Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID219:

ScrapedJobID220:
· Development - E3 - Senior Developer (Experience 5+ years) · Work within a cross-functional agile development team to deliver software efficiently · Participate in agile processes to contribute to, understand, and refine scope required to delivery on time and budget · Build a coded design system in collaboration with the product design team that allows for tokenization of the design · Apply clean code principles; execute code reviews, unit tests, performance analysis, automation, and other quality controls where valuable · Conduct technical code reviews for peers by supporting the execution of a standardized code review process · 5+ years of experience delivering performant front-end products with ReactJS · Deep understanding of modern CSS3 (Grids, Flexbox, etc.) and HTML5 · Advanced understanding of functional programming with JavaScript and ES5+ · Ability to build an advanced response front-end layout from the ground up · Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively as a remote team member · Advanced understanding of CSS frameworks such as Tailwind, styled-components, CSS Modules, etc. · Strong focus on the visual quality and polish of front-end code delivered · Ability to effectively contribute code as part of a team using Git · Experience with automated unit, integration and end-to-end UI testing with tools such as Jest · Understanding of the performance implications of design and technical decisions pertaining to front-end code · Excellent verbal and written English language skills · Ability to write accessible front-end code · TypeScript experience · Experience with data visualizations for analytical and business reporting purposes Flexible schedule Monday to Friday Front-end development: 6 years (preferred) ReactJS: 5 years (preferred) CSS3 (Grids, Flexbox, etc.): 5 years (preferred) JavaScript: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID221:
Experience in Coding using Java, C++, or Python. Strong fundamentals in Core java and data structures Knowledge in front end technologies like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Knowledge with databases like MySql, Oracle. Experience with unit testing, release procedures, and coding design. Experience with Frameworks like Spring, Hibernate, and rest will be plus Ability to create manual test cases. Familiar with Eclipse, Tomcat, and version control tools like SVN or GIT Flexible team player and should have the desire to learn and grow. Ability to manage tasks independently and take ownership of responsibilities. Excellent communication skills and ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment. Perform bug fixes of various modules applications that were raised by the testing team. Involve in debugging the defects, code review, and analysis of Performance issues. Use Splunk for performance monitoring and system exceptions. 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID222:
Vous travaillerez sur des projets importants, en résolvant des défis uniques, des processus et des outils soutenant le développement de programmes robustes et très performants composés de millions de lignes de code Vous travaillerez en contact étroit avec des ingénieurs logiciels, des concepteurs d’expérience utilisateur et des ingénieurs en assurance qualité V ous pourrez appliquer vos connaissances des algorithmes, des structures de données, du front/back-end ou du full-stack et des modèles de conception de logiciels pour répondre aux besoins des clients Vous devez être inscrit en tant qu'étudiant à temps plein dans un programme accrédité au Canada avec au moins un trimestre universitair pour être admissible à un stage Langages de programmation orientée objet : C++, Python, C# ou Java Technologies liées au Web telles que JavaScript et HTML et bonne connaissance des technologies de plateformes mobiles Excellentes compétences interpersonnelles, de communication et de présentation Capacité à travailler en équipe et à établir avec succès des relations de collaboration La connaissance du logiciel Autodesk You will work on meaningful projects, solving unique challenges, processes and tools supporting development of robust and highly performant programs consisting of millions of lines of code You will work in close contact with software engineers, user experience designers, and QA engineers You will be able to apply your knowledge of algorithms, data structures, front/back end or full-stack and software design patterns to serve customer needs Object oriented program languages C++, Python, C#, or Java Web related technologies such as JavaScript and HTML and familiarity with mobile platform technologies Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Ability to work in team environment and successfully build collaborative relationships Knowledge of Autodesk software 
ScrapedJobID223:
Design and develop Web-based applications for internal and customer use Acting as a technical expert for presentation technologies for the engineering team Contributing to presentation-layer standards and practices as a part of the Engineering team Contributing to testing and implementation approach for presentation layer Build reporting dashboards for internal and external use Act as subject matter expert on Web UI design and implementation Advanced knowledge of Javascript and AngularJS 3 - 5 years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML and CSS 1 - 3 years minimum experience with Java based web applications Experience solving cross browser compatibility, optimization, and layout issues Experience with web page performance tools Working with the Engineering team to create modular templates for better site manageability Design, develop, iterate on a rapid basis while organizing and managing multiple priorities Experience prototyping visually attractive and highly usable web interfaces Working closely with product team, other engineers, and designers Experience developing and implementing open source software projects BS in computer science or a related field, or significant equivalent experience Experience of Agile development methodologies Good working knowledge of SQL Experience with JQuery and/or several Javascript libraries and frameworks Self starter able to proactively solve problems Ability to design, develop, iterate on a rapid basis Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities Understanding of latest innovations, trends and emerging technologies in web user interface development Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Angular: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID224:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID225:

ScrapedJobID226:
8 hour shift Java: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Node.js: 4 years (required) React: 4 years (required) Angular: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID227:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Internet Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID228:
Using popular technologies including but not limited to: React, Redux, Electron, TypeScript, RxJS Continuously improving your coding skills while working alongside a talented and high performing engineering team Collaborating with design and product teams to understand feature requirements Contributing to discussions on use cases for new technologies and a constant dialogue on ways to improve our codebase and engineering practices. Currently we're investigating use cases for React Native and GraphQL. Nurturing an engineering culture that cares deeply about the quality of the code we write, while still working quickly to bring our technology to as many departments as possible 2+ years of industry experience, preferably building rich web applications using high performance javascript Extensive knowledge of javascript and its many frameworks, HTML, CSS, and an interest in testing out new FE technologies Knowledge of web architecture concepts including HTTP and REST Experience supporting continuous integration and automated testing Willingness to contribute to technical discussions and defend your opinions Guidance from more senior engineers and the opportunity to refine your technical skills Constant collaboration with numerous Mark43 teams, including Engineering, Technical Services, and Product Building mission critical and socially responsible software to enable first responders to better serve their communities A team that respects and embraces your ideas Coworkers that are motivated by pursuing excellence, rather than the prospect of personal gain A workplace dedicated to supporting and bettering public safety and government agencies 
ScrapedJobID229:

ScrapedJobID230:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Basic security clearance Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID231:
10 years of software development experience either in JAVA or .NEt Strong experience developing in JavaScript, jQuery and other popular JS frameworks and libraries, including HTML5 and CSS3 Experience with planning and developing API endpoints Experience using OAuth standard Experience with client and server side NODEJS Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID232:
Develop and maintain web applications using modern technologies like HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, MySQL Use issue and project tracking tools like Atlassian Jira Use Github to submit changes to our repositories Help with the creation of automated functional tests Provide client support when necessary Strong interest to learn more about technology Willingness to learn multiple new technologies quickly Friendly attitude A client service attitude Self-motivated Able to work without constant supervision Self-identifies as belonging to an under-represented group: Indigenous Black and people of colour 2SLGBTQQIA+ Neuro-diverse Persons living with a visible or invisible disability Women Youth from care Non-binary Other Must be eligible to work in B.C. Has completed training or education, whether at a post-secondary institute or through other recognized pathways: Must have completed the training program on or after December 1, 2019 Can be a student, including co-op students and international students If a student, is enrolled at an accredited post-secondary institution in B.C. or has completed a recognized training program that the employer feels has prepared them for effective employment. Access to professional online training courses to learn HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, Github Dedicated time to take the training courses One-on-one sessions with experienced professionals You can work from home. We do not have an office to work from. The work hours are flexible. You will need a reliable high-speed internet connection. You will need a reliable laptop or desktop with a webcam and microphone. $ 20 per hour / 35 h per week 6 days of paid vacation/sick time Monthly allowance of $ 50 to cover costs for internet, electricity, computer, etc. 
ScrapedJobID233:
Work with a team of skilled developers creating a rapidly evolving consumer-facing platform. Look for opportunities to disrupt from within and continually expand what is possible through technology. Develop our web applications and platforms; taking part in design specifications and architecture, coding and testing. Continuously maintain, debug and improve existing web applications and websites Work in close collaboration with the rest of the team (troubleshooting and resolving issues, increasing efficiencies, automating where required, etc.) Maintain IT documentation and code repositories (Git) You think digital-first and believe all customer experiences should be simple and effective You’re a creative problem-solver, outcome focused and passionate about building software products and taking ownership You’re a team player and are keen to share ideas with your peers You’re an exceptional communicator who is able to articulate technical issues in plain language 5+ years prior work experience in similar or equivalent roles Extensive experience with HTML5, CSS/SASS/SCSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript/jQuery in building responsive web applications Experience in converting design specifications to HTML & CSS Experience with Figma or other design tools Experience using Git Ability to do cross browser and devices testing Ability to work closely with Product team for continuously improving the customer experience Strong desire to always improve, streamline, automate processes and operations Strong communication skills, spoken and written, in French and English (fluent proficiency in both languages is an absolute must). Knowledge of PHP Knowledge of React Experience with MVC frameworks Post-secondary degree or diploma in a computer or design related program A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID234:
Contribute to software projects in a team-oriented environment Build the platform and integrations, following architectural patterns and guidance Participate in planning and execution for the platform and integrations Work with internal and external customers to ensure systems are appropriately tested Create and maintain technical documentation, sharing knowledge with team members Contribute to continually improving development processes, tools, and standards Provide technical expertise including benefits, impacts, and estimates to support decision making Develop with the business in mind through a deep understanding of Railtown AI’ industry, customers, and business processes 3+ years experience developing and debugging web applications 3+ years experience with JavaScript Expert in HTML and CSS Diploma or Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent equivalent work experience Consuming or creating web services with REST Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Experience creating and distributing JavaScript libraries or modules Experience with logging frameworks Experience with unit testing & automated UI testing Familiarity with agile methodologies such as scrum or kanban Familiarity with C#, .Net Core or Razor Experience with React or Vue Experience with Node.js You have an entrepreneurial and pragmatic focus You have excellent written and spoken communication skills You move forward and succeed when faced with ambiguity or change You enjoy collaboration with others while working well independently You take initiative and are goal-focused You explore innovative solutions when conventional thinking fails You grasp and master new concepts quickly You stay current with emerging technology and trends Stock options Extended health care Vision care Dental care Life insurance Flexible working hours and work from home Vacation & paid time off Company events & social hours 
ScrapedJobID235:
We’re looking for you to maintain, develop and design the corporate CRM (Customer Relationship Management) system. You’ll promote consistent architectural patterns employing Angular framework. You’ll also write effective unit tests and integration tests to ensure high quality software delivery. We’ll be looking for you to review and estimate business requirements, as well as understand and follows security policy guidelines. You’ll conduct code reviews whilst continually evaluating emerging frameworks and technologies to find opportunities, trends and standard methodologies that strengthen The Stars Group web products. You’re likely to have experience in this field and you’ll be experienced in developing large-scale JS projects in dynamic environment. You’ll have an understanding of the Web standards and technologies including Web sockets, Web Workers and Web Security principles. You’ll also have familiarity with the UI testing and building tools. (Karma, Jasmine, Webpack, etc.). Similarly, you’ll be strong on JavaScript, Angular and CSS/HTML. You are likely to have a B.Sc. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math or similar. Finally, we want you to be someone who is hardworking, dedicated, and passionate about the craft and a self-learner who requires minimum supervision. Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) $1,900 as congratulations if you have a baby whilst you work for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career. 
ScrapedJobID236:

ScrapedJobID237:
Post-secondary graduates – this is not a requirement for residents of the Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavut applying for internships in those territories Underemployed (employed below their level of education, work part-time or unemployed) Between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the internship Canadian citizens, permanent residents or persons granted refugee status in Canada* Legally allowed to work according to the relevant provincial and Canadian legislation and regulations Available to work up to 3 months Previous participants of a DS4Y internship University or college co-op or intern students Employees of the hiring employer prior to the start of their internship (does not apply to previous coop students or student interns, although this must be clearly indicated by the employer) Work from home Monday to Friday Describe please what experience you have with Angular? Could you confirm that you meet the gov funding eligibility requirements? Yes 
ScrapedJobID238:

ScrapedJobID239:
Design, develop, and lead features with high quality Rapidly ideate and prototype proof-of-concepts Assess new technologies, tools, and infrastructure to stay on the forefront of innovation Collaborate with teams both, locally and globally Embrace lean and agile software development principles Degree in Computer Science or related field 2-3 years of professional development experience Experience with Web UI development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript/TypeScript/jQuery) Experience with JavaScript framework (Angular/Node.js/react/redux) Strong sense of drive, urgency, and ownership 
ScrapedJobID240:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Criminal record check Computer Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Desktop applications Effective interpersonal skills Client focus 
ScrapedJobID241:
Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging Write clean code to develop functional web applications Troubleshoot and debug applications Perform UI tests to optimize performance Collaborate with Front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server side logic Gather and address technical and design requirements Liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features Proven work experience as a Back-end developer In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Hands on experience with programming languages like Java, Ruby, PHP and Python Working knowledge of CMS framework Familiarity with front-end languages (e.g. HTML, JavaScript and CSS) Excellent analytical and time management skills Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field Yes 
ScrapedJobID242:
Fully remote and flexible working environment - Every one of our employees works from home every day of the week, and we provide a home office allowance to help you get set up to do your best work. Outcome-driven - We don’t micromanage developers; if you get the job done, you can do so anyway you like. Outstanding people - Every day, employees from every department get together to chat about tech, coffee, hobbies, jeeps, and much more. If you ever need help, there will always be volunteers available. Top-notch tech - Our application has been completely reworked from the ground up and uses a combination of Typescript, Vue, Sass, GraphQL, WebSockets, and more. Continuous improvement - We check in often, take feedback and make adjustments where we need to improve. Ideas are always welcome and received with an open mind. Generous compensation - The benefits package includes health, vision, dental and more. Plus yearly performance reviews and raises. A real team player - You’ll be joining a close-knit group of people who think of one another more like friends than coworkers. So a positive outlook and the ability to handle constructive criticism are musts. Passion for engineering - We don’t build run-of-the-mill software, and we like to move fast; there’s no room for lukewarm developers here. An always learning attitude - Software development is a fast-changing field, and our drive for continuous improvement means that you should expect to push your boundaries. The ability to think outside the box - Our app isn’t built to any standard, so don’t expect to jump into a bog-standard React/Redux or Vue/Vuex stack. Instead, some of our work will challenge you to rethink how you approach development. No agencies/contract work/etc. We are looking for individual, full-time employees. Only hiring in the USA or Canada — no exceptions. Provide a sample of your code. For example, a personal side project, your GitHub account, a stack overflow answer — anything will do. Please clarify in your cover letter how you meet the technical requirements listed - we always get a ton of applications, and lots of them are people that really aren't qualified. So help us help you - call out that you've read what we are looking for and speak to how you are a good fit. 
ScrapedJobID243:
Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Are you proficient in WordPress? No 
ScrapedJobID244:
5+ years developing web applications. 5+ years experience programming in JavaScript. 3+ years experience using web frameworks such as React + Redux. 3+ experience with modern tooling and systems such as Webpack. 3+ years experience using HTML5 and CSS3. Experience with CSS supersets such as SASS and LESS is desirable. Experience with testing processes and tools. Experience with agile development methodologies. Ability to construct intuitive performance and user interfaces from mock-ups. Experience and strong understanding of React, Redux, and modern JS paradigms. Experience integrating into RESTful APIs and web sockets. Ability to read and understand serialization formats such as JSON and XML. Experience with SCM systems such as Git and Mercurial. Experience architecting complex web applications. Experience building progressive web applications and native applications. Some exposure to SQL-based databases. Some exposure to Linux. A friendly and collaborative environment Fitness subsidy program Free coffee and snacks Work from home opportunities A workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line – accessible by car, subway, bus (TTC/GO) Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability web application development: 5 years (preferred) programming in javascript: 5 years (preferred) React or Redux: 3 years (preferred) HTML5: 3 years (preferred) CSS3: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID245:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday React: 3 years (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) TypeScript: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID246:
Work with a team of skilled developers creating a rapidly evolving consumer-facing platform. Look for opportunities to disrupt from within and continually expand what is possible through technology. Develop our web applications and platforms; taking part in design specifications and architecture, coding and testing. Continuously maintain, debug and improve existing web applications and websites Work in close collaboration with the rest of the team (troubleshooting and resolving issues, increasing efficiencies, automating where required, etc.) Maintain IT documentation and code repositories (Git) You think digital-first and believe all customer experiences should be simple and effective You’re a creative problem-solver, outcome focused and passionate about building software products and taking ownership You’re a team player and are keen to share ideas with your peers You’re an exceptional communicator who is able to articulate technical issues in plain language 5+ years prior work experience in similar or equivalent roles Extensive experience with HTML5, CSS/SASS/SCSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript/jQuery in building responsive web applications Experience in converting design specifications to HTML & CSS Experience with Figma or other design tools Experience using Git Ability to do cross browser and devices testing Ability to work closely with Product team for continuously improving the customer experience Strong desire to always improve, streamline, automate processes and operations Strong communication skills, spoken and written, in French and English (fluent proficiency in both languages is an absolute must). Knowledge of PHP Knowledge of React Experience with MVC frameworks Post-secondary degree or diploma in a computer or design related program A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID247:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID248:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID249:
Bachelor’s degree in a related field or equivalent (5yrs) of relevant work experience in web development Experience with adult instruction and/or training Demonstrated ability to deliver in class and/or online course material Expertise in general front-end web development best practices Strong knowledge of modern HTML, CSS & JavaScript Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy subsidized parking and discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID250:
Build html/css/javascript to create engaging user interfaces Have an opinion on how to make things better, faster, and more efficient! Collaborate with all RKD team members including Project Managers, and Graphic Designers Maintain, update, and enhance existing Web Sites and Applications as required Actively participate in Quality Assurance / Usability Testing while maintaining best practice standards Assist in providing client support as required Minimum 3+ years font end development experience Minimum 3+ years WordPress experience Can demonstrate proficiency with HTML / CSS / JQuery / Bootstrap Strong analytical, organizational and communication skills are required Must be a team player that can work independently and take direction from others Strong knowledge of web development tools and programming languages Familiarity with back end development languages an asset Hours of work 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Strong acceptance and understanding of work-life balance 
ScrapedJobID251:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID252:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance analysis and documentation to ensure that software meets business needs Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend style guides and templates for scalability across application use Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, maintaining existing code and refactor to meet deadlines or to increase maintainability, performance, and responsiveness Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain front end dev standards, technologies, and tools. Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End development for team growth Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass etc. Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux lifecyclesNode.js) Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant applications Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new technologies to improve the architecture and boost page speed Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized problem solving and troubleshooting skills Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID253:
Work independently with Designers, Marketers and Product Owners to successfully launch websites and web applications by scheduled delivery dates. Provide guidance and advice on techniques that improve RBC Ventures’ collective understanding of web development and technology considerations. Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using the best software development best practices. Work with internal teams to integrate data feeds from various back-end services and databases. Acts as a key partner of Venture teams to improve, expand and scale their online and mobile web presence. Provide detailed documentation and hand-off material and training to Marketers, Product Owners and Developers as necessary. Stay plugged into emerging technologies, industry trends and best practices and apply them into projects and daily activities when applicable. Coordinating with UI/UX Designers to ensure UI/UX designs are technically workable and interactive BA/BS degree Computer Science (CS), Systems Design / Human Factors Engineering or a related field or equivalent practical experience. A minimum of 3 years of experience in designing and developing usable web interfaces across multiple channels and platforms. Superb functional knowledge and experience in the following: Complete knowledge of programming languages like Javascript, HTML, and CSS Experience with web development tools like Git, jQuery, and Bootstrap Familiarity with other JS libraries like ExtJS, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js and other frameworks Experience with Wordpress, Webflow, Contentful, and Unbounce Experience integrating/configuring content management systems Familiarity with browser testing and debugging Server architecture Experience with server-side frameworks Knowledge of SEO principles Web Accessibility, building towards AA compliance General understanding of DevOps workflows Knowledge of software back-end systems and services / APIs Ability to multitask with strict time constraints, budgets and business goals Strong communication skills Problem solving in terms of building working systems rather than improving individual parts Ability to work in an Agile environment A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID254:
Develop modern front-end applications that reach millions of users around the world. Create and maintain command line interfaces using NodeJS to package and deploy front-end assets. Work with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform to support the creation of storefronts Share in responsibility for your team’s technical health: architecture, best practices, reliability, security, etc. Improve developer and user experience through thoughtful design, rigorous testing, and clear documentation. Collaborate with scrum masters, product owners, designers, and other stakeholders. You’ll play an important role in helping us to deliver high-quality products to our partners and customers. Great communication skills. Experience building applications using NodeJS, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Exposure to Python or similar backend languages Experience with Agile Scrum. NodeJS, React, Python Docker, GitLab CouchDB 
ScrapedJobID255:
Wants to be a part of something big – an emerging new global brand Is interested in marketing, consumer behaviour, and cutting edge technology Can thrive in a fast paced, rapidly changing work environment Is eager to work with and learn from a team of experts Is ready to expand their career and realize their full potential Has the aptitude to embrace change and welcome new approaches in an exceedingly evolving environment of new technology Our product is a plug-and-play platform, enabling retailers to leverage modern analytics and marketing technology without replacing their existing IT infrastructure. Entirely hosted in AWS. We mainly use ECS/EC2, S3, Lambda, IoT core, RDS, API Gateway, and DocumentDB. A degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, or a related field Expert SQL (Postgres experience a bonus) Experience with a range of data ingestion and processing tools Experience with a range of modern BI tools Familiar with working in a fast-paced agile environment 
ScrapedJobID256:
Analyze, modify, write, and implement software code related to the creation and maintenance of software applications and services. Create software requirement documentation, software design analysis, and implementation. Design and produce screens and workflows that support the collection and display of complex information in an easy-to-understand fashion. Analyze code and application execution for optimization and performance tuning. Produce accurate software implementation estimates and delivers upon agreed schedule. Provide input for the development and ongoing maintenance of technical documentation. 5-7 years with a proven track record of developing and maintaining applications in an enterprise or commercial environment. Expert knowledge of C#, and .NET Framework. Proven experience with desktop development using WPF. Proficient in VB.NET Experience with data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems fundamentals. Experience with relational databases, including SQL Server. 
ScrapedJobID257:
Contribute to software projects in a team-oriented environment Build the platform and integrations, following architectural patterns and guidance Participate in planning and execution for the platform and integrations Work with internal and external customers to ensure systems are appropriately tested Create and maintain technical documentation, sharing knowledge with team members Contribute to continually improving development processes, tools, and standards Provide technical expertise including benefits, impacts, and estimates to support decision making Develop with the business in mind through a deep understanding of Railtown AI’ industry, customers, and business processes 3+ years experience developing and debugging web applications 3+ years experience with JavaScript Expert in HTML and CSS Diploma or Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent equivalent work experience Consuming or creating web services with REST Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Experience creating and distributing JavaScript libraries or modules Experience with logging frameworks Experience with unit testing & automated UI testing Familiarity with agile methodologies such as scrum or kanban Familiarity with C#, .Net Core or Razor Experience with React or Vue Experience with Node.js You have an entrepreneurial and pragmatic focus You have excellent written and spoken communication skills You move forward and succeed when faced with ambiguity or change You enjoy collaboration with others while working well independently You take initiative and are goal-focused You explore innovative solutions when conventional thinking fails You grasp and master new concepts quickly You stay current with emerging technology and trends Stock options Extended health care Vision care Dental care Life insurance Flexible working hours and work from home Vacation & paid time off Company events & social hours 
ScrapedJobID258:
work with a very large team that is developing a custom Customer Solutions Delivery Platform which will be used by BELL/Telus/Rogers and other clients perform application development with Angular for the new system work with current DevOps and Development teams to create a top notch final product 5+ years of java development experience 3+ years of experience working with Angular tech stack Must have experience working with Angular 9 or above 
ScrapedJobID259:
Collaborate with project managers, creative staff, and other digital team members on integrated advertising campaigns Design technology solutions required for client websites and databases / data integration based on business, search marketing and security requirements. Translate Photoshop designs into valid, semantic front-end code Build responsive web sites and emails that are cross-platform and cross-browser compatible Build rich and standard flash banners Comply with all AODA regulations and requirements Ensure adherence to all company policies and procedures including health and safety Minimum 3-5 years’ of professional responsive front-end and web development experience. Expert in front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Strong experience with JavaScript (ES 5/6) Strong background in PHP, Symfony and MySQL Symfony 4, API knowledge and OAuth Server is preferred Deep knowledge of front end and back end development Proficient understanding of code versioning tool, Git Strong organization and time management skills Strong problem solving and programming skills, with the ability to turn high-level goals into creative, efficient, and well documented solutions Aptitude for explaining and translating technical methods and results to a variety of audiences Self-management skills and ability to work as part of an adaptive team Experience with version control software (Git) Experience with integrate 3rd party APIs & web services Excellent in troubleshooting your code and others Experience developing websites with AODA in mind Strong understanding of frontend page performance optimization Strong working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop Strong sense of visual design (no need to be an expert in Photoshop but have an eye for aesthetics) Familiar with operating systems and software including, *NIX, Windows Server, Apache, IIS, SSH, DNS Familiar with various Open Source CMS systems including Wordpress Familiar with working in an Agile environment and using tools like JIRA Passionate and up-to-date with current web trends and emerging technologies 
ScrapedJobID260:
Develop a range of interactive experiences from large websites to landing pages Brainstorm creative solutions based on marketing strategies and client requirements Provide accurate estimates for development tasks based on the known requirements Collaborate with design teams to create wireframes and design mockups Test websites across multiple browsers and devices for issues with functionality, presentation, and performance Create and host CMS training sessions for client websites Provide developer support to existing websites 1+ years of experience working as a front-end developer (agency environment as asset) Strong understanding of HTML semantics and their impact on SEO Experience creating modern CSS layouts using Flexbox and Grid Able to write JavaScript (ES6 an asset) without reliance on third-party libraries Experience integrating templates into PHP based CMS (e.g., WordPress, Craft, Drupal, etc.) Comfortable using the Adobe Creative Suite including Adobe XD, Photoshop, and Illustrator Experience using CSS preprocessors (e.g., Sass or Less) and JavaScript module bundlers/build systems (e.g., Webpack or Gulp) Experience using version control systems (e.g., Git) to track working files Experience using the Twig template engine to create CMS templates Comfortable performing basic tasks within web hosting control panels (e.g., cPanel or Plesk) Strong understanding of design and user experience best practices Knowledge of front-end performance techniques and testing Passion for the future of web development and the latest industry trends Ability to take direction and process constructive feedback Detail-oriented with strong organizational skills Ability to work well under pressure and prioritize tasks based on workload Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits coverage Semi-annual bonuses (based on Company performance) Flexible work arrangements (work from anywhere) Year-round opportunities for internal and external training and development programs 
ScrapedJobID261:
Extensive experience in JavaScript (React/Typescript, Node) and API development (Java/GraphQL/RESTful). Focused and passionate about creating the best user experience possible through UI interaction. Experience in using modern build and deployment tools such as Jenkins, Docker etc. Java WebLogic server Oracle SQL Database GraphQL React Typescript GWT Spring Gradle IntelliJ IDEA Visual Studio Code JRebel Splunk Atlassian Suite of Products An amazing on-boarding experience A collaborative team environment Opportunities to join internal hackathons where you’ll solve relevant and complex problems Access to O’Reily Media, Pluralsight, LinkedIn Learning, Headspace Tuition reimbursement Book clubs to share your knowledge Hands-on training sessions with industry-leading professionals Market rate salary based on experience Competitive RRSP and 401k matching plans for Canadian and US employees 20 paid days off and regional stat holidays A range of high-quality health care options, including medical, vision, dental and prescription drug coverage The occasional spontaneous Nerf War Design, implement, and test new functionality Be a part of a small team, consisting of 3 developers, a QA specialist and shared resources like PMs and a Manager Follow Agile development methodologies Work with Product Management and UX to deliver material value to our clients Do full stack development from the DB to the UI Use your experience to help the whole team get better Full stack development experience A hunger for solving problems Formal education in Software Development is appreciated, but not necessary with the right background 
ScrapedJobID262:
Work with the Corra team on new ecommerce projects, from initial business development and discovery phases through implementation and deployment of the completed project Maintain and enhance existing ecommerce websites while adhering to best practices Play a significant role in the requirements gathering, working with Design and Delivery Managers by providing technical suggestions Work with Corra Design team to provide UX/UI technology direction to meet client budgets Partake in Scrum and Sprint planning calls and provide technical input (approach, estimate) Perform code review before deployment and provide technical review/ feedback to engineers Have a detailed technical understanding on work happening in assigned projects Have technical ownership of groups of projects React experience required Significant Frontend experience, including experience in HTML, CSS, and strong Javascript skills (including frameworks/libraries such as jQuery). NodeJS is a plus Experience using GraphQL API Familiarity with PWA concept Working experience with the ecommerce development process, and the ability to create solutions for common questions/concerns on this type of platform Understanding of common web analytics suites (Google Analytics, Omniture) and experience implementing these systems Comfortable researching and adopting new web technologies Familiar with SEO / SEM best practices Understanding of ADA compliance and coding practices around it 
ScrapedJobID263:

ScrapedJobID264:
You are a Leader! Data driven, Results oriented, Team player! You strive to be the best and with the best. Resourceful, innovative, precise, organized and dedicated to the team success with a proven track record in a similar role Experience in front end development Working knowledge of React, including component lifecycle, stateful vs stateless components, React hooks, and React router Experience with ES6 and up, and TypeScript Strong coding skills with an eye towards TDD, using Storybook Eager to learn new languages, platforms, and technologies Excellent organizational and time management skills Bonus - Familiarity with React workflows such as Flux or Redux and testing frameworks such as Jest or React Testing Library Passion for building products that positively impact users Enthusiasm for Agile methodologies, Pair Programming, and Test Driven Development (TDD) After the video interview, if we decide to move forward, we will ask the candidate to do a quick React/JavaScript code review to demonstrate your skill set The Rocket Plan team will assess the interviews, code, salary expectations and will determine if you are a fit Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID265:
Implement the features and user interfaces of Facebook products like News Feed | Mettre en œuvre les fonctionnalités et les interfaces utilisateur des produits Facebook, comme le fil d'actualité Architect efficient and reusable front-end systems that drive complex web applications | Architecturer des systèmes frontaux efficaces et réutilisables qui pilotent des applications web complexes Complete medium to large features (each with many tasks) independently without guidance | Réaliser des fonctionnalités de moyenne à grande échelle (chacune comportant de nombreuses tâches) de manière autonome, sans supervision. Identify and drive changes as needed for assigned codebase, product area and/or systems | Identifier et conduire les changements nécessaires pour la base de code, le domaine de produit et/ou les systèmes assignés Collaborate with Product Designers, Product Managers, and Software Engineers to deliver compelling user-facing products | Collaborer avec les concepteurs de produits, les gestionnaires de produits et les ingénieurs logiciels pour créer des produits attrayants pour les utilisateurs Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues | Identifier et résoudre les problèmes de performance et d'évolutivité 2+ years of JavaScript experience, including concepts like asynchronous programming, closures, types, and ES6 | Au moins deux ans d'expérience en JavaScript, y compris des concepts tels que la programmation asynchrone, les fermetures, les types et ES6 2+ years of HTML/CSS experience, including concepts like layout, specificity, cross browser compatibility, and accessibility | Au moins deux ans d'expérience en HTML/CSS, y compris des concepts tels que la mise en page, la spécificité, la compatibilité entre navigateurs et l'accessibilité 2+ years experience with browser APIs and optimizing front end performance | Au moins deux ans d'expérience avec les API de navigateur et l'optimisation des performances frontales Experience with React | Expérience avec React BS/MS in Computer Science or a related technical field | Baccalauréat ou maîtrise en informatique ou dans un domaine technique connexe. 
ScrapedJobID266:
Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with account managers, supervisors, and clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer / mentor to other developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Implementing updates & revisions to web applications Experience building React applications that:
Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source.
Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source. Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. We work extensively with Drupal which is a PHP based content management framework, and while Drupal experience is a plus, it’s not a requirement. Experience working with design systems or style guides provided by a creative or UX team. Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. If you know other programming languages or frameworks, don’t forget to mention them, any technical knowledge is relevant. Comfortable with the command line, such as running scripts or managing files While this is a React position, applicants with Vue, Angular or other javascript framework experience will be considered. Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so hopefully you have some code you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID267:
2+ years of experience building back-end applications using Java 5+ years of experience building front-end and Single Page Applications using ReactJS, Write effective APIs Experience with Spring Boot, Servlets/JSP, Hibernate Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS / SASS / Typescript / Next.js, JSON, JavaScript, XML, jQuery) Experience with Test Automation (Cypress) Experience with Unit Testing (Jest) Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Good understanding with Micro-services architecture Good Understanding of Docker Write technical documentation Worked with MSSQL (stored procedures, views and triggers) Experience Working with Azure Devops – CI/CD Pipeline Experience working with SHOPIFY platforms. Good understanding of Kubernetes Relevant university or college education or comparable experience You are familiar with Agile/Scrum methodologies Experience working with platforms like MAGENTO. Be part of a growing business Comprehensive benefits plan (health, dental, vision) Generous product discounts Free weekly classes at Ride Cycle Club Monthly company lunches Kitchen stocked with coffee and tea Modern, casual, and open office with views of downtown Vancouver and mountains Competitive salaries Professional development opportunities Work from Home during COVID-19 or in office 
ScrapedJobID268:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Spreadsheet MS Windows HTML editing software Web service design Website creation and management software MS Office Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID269:
As per the Canada Summer Jobs Program, participants must be between 15–30 years of age and must be legally entitled to work according to the relevant provincial/territorial legislation and regulations. 
ScrapedJobID270:
You are highly organized and take charge of deliverables You see potential issues before they arise You remove obstacles and roadblocks to deliver on-time You thrive on solving problems You design with innovation in mind You love learning and thrive on collaboration You pick up new concepts easily You write clean, re-usable code You communicate with ease - both written and verbal You know that team success is the only success; mentoring, self-critiquing, collaborating and leading are your passion Work on new and existing software. Proprietary, third party and client specific Develop new code as well as maintain, update and upgrade existing software including: Libraries and APIs Web applications Web services Enterprise integrations Plugins and add-ons to existing tools Reporting and graphical visualization Design and collaborate with team member to deliver quality solutions Contribute new ideas to drive continuous improvement Kotlin React IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate Git, GitLab Nexus, Maven Java Libraries: Google Guava, Apache Commons, FreeMarker, Spring IoC Oracle, SQL Server SQL Developer Oracle Primavera P6-EPPM, Oracle Unifier, Oracle OPPM, OBIEE, Oracle Data Visualization Quip, ZOHO Fluency in the English language, both written and spoken Degree or diploma in computer science or a related discipline 5+ years of Java or Kotlin development experience Working knowledge of SQL Experience designing, programming and delivering applications Kotlin development experience React development experience Experience developing rich web applications Experience developing cloud applications Experience with Spring Framework Working knowledge of PL/SQL / T-SQL Experience with the Linux shell Experience working remotely 
ScrapedJobID271:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday React: 3 years (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) TypeScript: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID272:
Work with a team of skilled developers creating a rapidly evolving consumer-facing platform. Look for opportunities to disrupt from within and continually expand what is possible through technology. Develop our web applications and platforms; taking part in design specifications and architecture, coding and testing. Continuously maintain, debug and improve existing web applications and websites Work in close collaboration with the rest of the team (troubleshooting and resolving issues, increasing efficiencies, automating where required, etc.) Maintain IT documentation and code repositories (Git) You think digital-first and believe all customer experiences should be simple and effective You’re a creative problem-solver, outcome focused and passionate about building software products and taking ownership You’re a team player and are keen to share ideas with your peers You’re an exceptional communicator who is able to articulate technical issues in plain language 5+ years prior work experience in similar or equivalent roles Extensive experience with HTML5, CSS/SASS/SCSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript/jQuery in building responsive web applications Experience in converting design specifications to HTML & CSS Experience with Figma or other design tools Experience using Git Ability to do cross browser and devices testing Ability to work closely with Product team for continuously improving the customer experience Strong desire to always improve, streamline, automate processes and operations Strong communication skills, spoken and written, in French and English (fluent proficiency in both languages is an absolute must). Knowledge of PHP Knowledge of React Experience with MVC frameworks Post-secondary degree or diploma in a computer or design related program A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID273:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID274:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID275:
Bachelor’s degree in a related field or equivalent (5yrs) of relevant work experience in web development Experience with adult instruction and/or training Demonstrated ability to deliver in class and/or online course material Expertise in general front-end web development best practices Strong knowledge of modern HTML, CSS & JavaScript Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy subsidized parking and discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID276:
Build html/css/javascript to create engaging user interfaces Have an opinion on how to make things better, faster, and more efficient! Collaborate with all RKD team members including Project Managers, and Graphic Designers Maintain, update, and enhance existing Web Sites and Applications as required Actively participate in Quality Assurance / Usability Testing while maintaining best practice standards Assist in providing client support as required Minimum 3+ years font end development experience Minimum 3+ years WordPress experience Can demonstrate proficiency with HTML / CSS / JQuery / Bootstrap Strong analytical, organizational and communication skills are required Must be a team player that can work independently and take direction from others Strong knowledge of web development tools and programming languages Familiarity with back end development languages an asset Hours of work 8:00 am – 4:00 pm Strong acceptance and understanding of work-life balance 
ScrapedJobID277:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID278:
Sublime Text Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery React.js SASS Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Large caseload Tight deadlines MS Windows Linux Internet Database software JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Extranet Intranet Presentation software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Flexibility Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Values and ethics Reliability Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID279:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance analysis and documentation to ensure that software meets business needs Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend style guides and templates for scalability across application use Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, maintaining existing code and refactor to meet deadlines or to increase maintainability, performance, and responsiveness Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain front end dev standards, technologies, and tools. Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End development for team growth Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass etc. Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux lifecyclesNode.js) Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant applications Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new technologies to improve the architecture and boost page speed Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized problem solving and troubleshooting skills Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID280:
Full 360° Managed IT Service Computer/ Mobile Device Repair Data Backup/ Recovery Website Development Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID281:
Work independently with Designers, Marketers and Product Owners to successfully launch websites and web applications by scheduled delivery dates. Provide guidance and advice on techniques that improve RBC Ventures’ collective understanding of web development and technology considerations. Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using the best software development best practices. Work with internal teams to integrate data feeds from various back-end services and databases. Acts as a key partner of Venture teams to improve, expand and scale their online and mobile web presence. Provide detailed documentation and hand-off material and training to Marketers, Product Owners and Developers as necessary. Stay plugged into emerging technologies, industry trends and best practices and apply them into projects and daily activities when applicable. Coordinating with UI/UX Designers to ensure UI/UX designs are technically workable and interactive BA/BS degree Computer Science (CS), Systems Design / Human Factors Engineering or a related field or equivalent practical experience. A minimum of 3 years of experience in designing and developing usable web interfaces across multiple channels and platforms. Superb functional knowledge and experience in the following: Complete knowledge of programming languages like Javascript, HTML, and CSS Experience with web development tools like Git, jQuery, and Bootstrap Familiarity with other JS libraries like ExtJS, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js and other frameworks Experience with Wordpress, Webflow, Contentful, and Unbounce Experience integrating/configuring content management systems Familiarity with browser testing and debugging Server architecture Experience with server-side frameworks Knowledge of SEO principles Web Accessibility, building towards AA compliance General understanding of DevOps workflows Knowledge of software back-end systems and services / APIs Ability to multitask with strict time constraints, budgets and business goals Strong communication skills Problem solving in terms of building working systems rather than improving individual parts Ability to work in an Agile environment A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID282:
Investment Executive 2021 Brokerage Report Card Design, code, and modify websites, from layout to function and according to project specifications. Consult with departments on project status and proposals. Strive to create visually appealing websites that feature user-friendly experience design. Write and error-check efficient code to improve performance or upgrade interfaces. Participate in testing and validation procedures. Research different software programs and keep up to date on all relevant web technologies. Maintain software documentation and prepare reports on website project specifications, activities, or status. Implement contingency planning as needed. Maintain, expand, and enhance websites on an ongoing basis. Perform other duties as assigned. A degree in Computer Science or related field; equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Coding Language requirements:
o HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3

o JavaScript, jQuery Experience in the following is highly desirable:
o ASP.NET Core 3+
o Razor Syntax
o SQL Management Strong communication skills. Analytical and logical thinker. Aggressive problem-diagnosis skills with the ability to create and present solutions. Detail oriented. Ability to multitask with strict time constraints with the ability to deal with numerous activities with varying degrees of priority. Understanding of cross-browser compatibility, general web functions, and standards. Knowledge of finance industry considered an asset. Reliable, consistent work ethic. Ability to quickly adapt to changing needs those you provide support to. Excellent attitude and committed to providing extraordinary service. Must be legally eligible to work in Canada. A background check, satisfactory to the employer, may be required of the successful applicant prior to commencing employment. 
ScrapedJobID283:
Design and implement web and mobile application features Stay up to date with the latest front-end and full-stack development principles Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices, and standards Collaborate with product management and engineering team to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals and experience Conceptualize original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks Present and defend designs, key milestones, and deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders Participate in engineering discussions and activities relating to long-term technical initiatives B.Sc Computing Science, B.Eng Software Engineering, or equivalent 4+ years of experience developing front-end heavy applications with Angular or React An expert in Typescript, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Experience interfacing with RESTful APIs Being proactive and able to work independently on projects, with strong communication skills Experience developing back-end applications using Rails, MySQL or similar technologies Mobile app development experience using Ionic, React Native, Flutter or other technologies Agile methodology experience CI/CD and Automated Testing experience a plus Work with a dedicated team who thrive on learning from and mentoring each other All equipment you’ll need to do your job including a wearable sleep tracking device Great PTO and flexible working from home policy Quarterly company events and more 
ScrapedJobID284:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID285:
Extensive experience with and, understanding of, Wordpress (Front end & Back end); Strong Proficiency with HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP and CSS; Proficiency with MySQL; Experience with responsive design; Ability to convert comprehensive design layouts into working pages via page builders and / or HTML; Maintain well-documented, reusable, and transferrable code; Passionate about web development and the digital landscape; Strong eye for creative; Exceptional attention to detail (identifying differences in materials, following instructions, and detecting details among distracting information); Self-motivated - willing to go the extra mile; Takes pride in their work; Thrives in a collaborative team environment; Montréal-based; Full time availability. Front end and Back end Wordpress website development; Setup of staging environments; Installation, configuration and updates of Wordpress modules; Theme & module sourcing for best match to site’s requirements; Custom theme & template development; Browser, mobile & tablet responsive development; Google tracking tools implementation (Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Google Tag Manager, etc.); Deployment of staging site to live environment; Manual site migration as necessary; Testing, troubleshooting & debugging; Preparation of task estimates from requirements as necessary; Daily billable hours logging. Degree in Computer Science, Computer Programming or related field; Bilingualism (EN, FR); Experience with Siteground; Experience with Cloudflare; Understanding of code versioning tools (Git, Bitbucket); Familiarity with DNS setting updates (i.e. TXT records, A records, etc.); Strong understanding of latest industry trends; Experience with billable hours logging. Sample portfolio of website projects completed; A brief summary of the unique value you feel you would bring to the Kanguru team. Overtime pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday WordPress: 1 year (required) HTML5: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) No 
ScrapedJobID286:
Experience with deploying production grade features to the web Strong understanding of React, Redux, and Javascript, Typescript Experience architecting and building large web applications Experience collaborating closely with back end developers to deliver value to our customers and users Integral part of the Ada for Marketing team who creates personalized buying experiences Provide expertise from past experiences to help level up our current development practices Review team’s code, provide insightful feedback regarding front end architecture Design and own the frontend code base Competitive salary and generous stock option plan Unlimited vacation Wellness account Extended health coverage Dental/optical/travel insurance Life insurance Employee and family assistance plan Flexible work schedule Digital first, fully remote with WFH budget In-house social worker Paid parental leave for Canadian and U.S. residents Development opportunities 
ScrapedJobID287:
Javascript, Typescript Microservices development in the AWS, Azure or GCP cloud HTTP Rest API GraphQL Websocket and/or gRPC experience building reactive applications HTML5: HTML, CSS experience Mapping requirements to UX with solid UX design and mockup experience UI Debugging with Chrome Debugger Testing Tools like Jest SQL, Document, Key-Value, Graph Database experience Database Visualization with tools like Dash/Plotly.js Linux, VPCs, Docker, Kubernetes Git, VS-Code, GitOps CI/CD 
ScrapedJobID288:
Create, modify and maintain Angular, JavaScript, HTML and CSS programs in an efficient way, according to the specifications or to users requests as well as to draw up the documentation and to carry out tests Control and apply the various programming languages used, to know and use the existing software code as well as to implement programs or to modify them by using the available tools See to the preparation of documents in relation to implementing programs and modules Prepare the documentation concerning the operation and to collaborate in implementing recommendations Assume the responsibility of UI design Work on new production projects and prepare the instructions intended for the operating service Carry out the statements of requirements as to the modifications of the ActiVia software Assume the responsibility for the tests Prepare architectural documentation for internal reference, the product’s limitations, and the technical reference manual Participate in production, support, and validation activities Other tasks as assigned by management. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent discipline Minimum 8 years or more of relevant experience required Experience in JavaScript, Angular, HTML Experience with Node.js Experience working with Docker Knowledge of various programming languages Good communication skills in English; proficiency in French is a strong asset. 
ScrapedJobID289:
Design and implement frontend software related to the CCAAS platform Design and develop mobile applications for the CCAAS platform Perform any debugging and issue analysis of the issues reported by customers Integrate third party cloud APIs and libraries Use best practices coding and software development to produce highly efficient scalable and secure software Fluent in English language both in writing and speaking At least 5 years of experience in web and mobile applications development Strong knowledge of AngularJS and ReactJS frameworks Good knowledge of react-native and hands on experience with mobile application development (Android and ios) String knowledge of source control tools like GIT, subversion, etc.. At least 5 years of experience with Linux based operating systems Good understanding of multi-system-based application Experience in building scalable and redundant applications software Ability to quickly learn new technologies Good frontend debugging skills Always puts security first. Worries about network and software security. Good customer relationship skillset (able to work directly with customers) Knowledge of Amazon AWS cloud management tools is an asset 
ScrapedJobID290:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID291:
Conduct design reviews with engineers to make sure the right security features are making it into the products - taking into consideration the domestic, international, and industry security and privacy regulations and frameworks. Participate in and support application security reviews and threat modeling, including: Secure code review. Support the code review process by providing 1-1 guidance, group training, creating documentation as needed, and performing ad hoc secure code review as needed. Dynamic testing, using tools like Burp Suite or mitmproxy for examining app interactions. Design and drive application security vulnerability management across different technologies. You will coordinate with engineering teams to validate findings, prioritize findings/assets, remediate and verify mitigations, and internal reporting for management. Assist with vendor reviews by evaluating new and existing vendors. As well as evaluating tools, libraries, services, and other software for security and privacy issues. Coordinate the creation and maintenance of technical security documentation. Identify areas for internally created and externally provided application security training. Assist in development of automated tooling and processes to support our internal operations. For example, creating audit scripts to help with compliance efforts. Assist with risk assessments and security questionnaires. Practice security assurance by identifying and directing areas to enhance monitoring in order to verify that policy and procedures are adhered to and that controls are operational. Lead Information Security policy creation and maintenance of application and developer focused policies by refactoring security policies and standards to focus on the right controls, using ISO 27001, SOC, OWASP, and NIST frameworks. As a member of the incident response team, assist with the overall lifecycle of an incident, from triaging to lessons learned. Experience commensurate with 5 years of work in an application, product, or security engineering related role. Experience with coding and reading multiple programming languages in the context of web services and secure coding practices. Knowledge of penetration testing techniques and ability to implement them appropriately. Ability to configure, operate, and tune vulnerability scanning tools. Ability to lead threat modeling. Strong knowledge of secure development practices for web applications and services, and capability to train others in them. Front-end and/or back-end development experience. Experience working with static and/or dynamic programming languages. Go and/or Perl experience The primary programming languages at the company are Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. Ability to develop expertise in Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript,. SQL databases, ideally PostgreSQL. Application security experience in a cloud environment. Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID292:

ScrapedJobID293:
Understanding client requirements and how they translate in application features. Collaborating with a team of IT professionals to set specifications for new applications. Write high quality source code to program complete applications within deadlines. Perform appropriate testing before release. Troubleshoot and debug applications. Evaluate existing applications to refactor, update, and add new features. Maintain existing software systems and solutions. Adhering to coding standards and practices. Developing technical documents and handbooks to accurately represent application design and code. Perform other duties as required to meet the mandate of the position. Ability to program in at least one backend programming language such as Python, PHP, etc. Ability to perform front-end development with HTML, CSS & JavaScript. Ability to work responsibly and in an organized manner, with little or no supervision. Ability to work collaboratively and productively in a team environment. In-depth knowledge of programming for diverse operating systems and platforms using development tools Excellent understanding of software design and programming principles. Analytical thinking and problem-solving capability. Successful candidates may be required to provide a satisfactory Criminal Background Check as a condition of employment. Experience with Unix-based operating systems (Ubuntu), Mac OS X, and Windows. Experience with Django, CodeIgniter, or a SPA framework (Angular, React, Vue.js). Experience with relational databases like MySQL or PostgreSQL. Knowledge of the Students’ Union and familiarity with its operations. This position is in person. Willingness and ability to work out of the Students' Union offices located on the University of Alberta campus. 
ScrapedJobID294:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients. Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Concevoir, développer, dépanner et mettre en œuvre des solutions cloud Signaler l'état des tâches et des affectations. Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie informatique, ou expérience de travail équivalente. Minimum 3 ans d’expérience en programmation Web Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS / Typescript / Javascript et solides connaissance en Angular Expérience avec les librairies WebGL et JavaScript, telles que Open Layers, Cesium, Three.js Expérience avec les REST APIs et les formats Web tels que JSON et XML Connaissances en Python et Docker sont un atout Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Bilinguisme en français et en anglais - Excellentes compétences en communication orale et écrite Passion pour comprendre des problèmes complexes et de trouver des solutions novatrices Travail significatif qui favorise le perfectionnement professionnel Environnement qui encourage les employés à se prendre en charge et à exercer leur leadership Possibilité de travailler dans l’industrie technologique et de s’y épanouir Environnement de travail axé sur la collaboration Équipe de haut niveau En plus d’être un endroit formidable où travailler, Presagis offre une gamme complète d’avantages sociaux :
Régime d’assurance collective souple
Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées
Régime d’achat d’actions du personnel
Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif
Programme de bien‑être physique
Programme d’aide aux employés
Prestations de maternité complémentaires
Horaire de travail variable
« Vendredis californiens » tout au long de l’année Régime d’assurance collective souple Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées Régime d’achat d’actions du personnel Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif Programme de bien‑être physique Programme d’aide aux employés Prestations de maternité complémentaires Horaire de travail variable « Vendredis californiens » tout au long de l’année Use Agile engineering practices and various web development software and technologies to rapidly develop creative and effective solutions that enhance the customer experience. Contribute to a collaborative and stimulating work environment Keep abreast of new trends and contribute ideas for innovation Design, develop, troubleshoot and implement cloud solutions Report the status of tasks and assignments. University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 3 years’ experience web programming Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular Experience with WebGL and JavaScript libraries, such as Open Layers, Cesium, Three.js Experience with REST APIs and Web Formats such as JSON and XML Knowledge in Python and Docker is an asset Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Bilingual in French and English– Excellent oral and written communication skills. Passion for understanding complex problems and driving innovative solutions Meaningful work that drives professional development Environment that encourages individuals to take ownership and exercise leadership Ability to enter and grow within the technology industry Working in a collaborative environment Being part of a high-performance team In addition to being a great place to work, Presagis offers a comprehensive benefits package including,
Flexible Group Insurance
Plan Defined Benefits Retirement Plan
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP)
Physical Wellness Plan
Employee Assistance Plan
Supplementary Maternity Plan
Flextime
California Fridays all year Flexible Group Insurance Plan Defined Benefits Retirement Plan Employee Stock Purchase Plan Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) Physical Wellness Plan Employee Assistance Plan Supplementary Maternity Plan Flextime California Fridays all year 
ScrapedJobID295:
Continuously keep track of the latest modern trends and build an intuitive and simplistic design, keeping up well with client requirements Are proficient in increasing the speed of building a product and making it live in a short span of time Build solutions that can adhere to a larger audience, increasing scalability Enhance SEO ratings by ensuring search engine crawlers can perform their best Can keep clients engaged with engaging designs, UI, and frontend Help in increasing the popularity of the application and product through effective UI/UX Leverage the inbuilt React toolkit for creating frontend features Create data visualization tools, libraries, and reusable code for prospects Integrate designs and wireframes within the application code Monitor interaction of users and convert them into insightful information Write application interface code with JavaScript Enhance application performance with constant monitoring Translate wireframes and designs into good quality code Optimize components to work seamlessly across different browsers and devices Good understanding of CSS libraries, GIT, Sigma, Adobe XD etc. Proper user information authentication Develop responsive web-based UI Constant interaction with other developer teams and design team to discuss UI ideas A thorough review of applications needs and interfacing elements Follow proper documentation for changes in application and further updates Minimum 3+ years of experience with: JavaScript, object model, DOM manipulation and event handlers, data structures, algorithms, JSX, and Babel Complete understanding of ReactJS and its main fundamentals like JSX, Virtual DOM, component lifecycle Experience with ReactJS workflows like Flux, Redux, Create React App, data structure libraries Understanding of RESTful APIs/GraphQL, HTML/CSS, ES6 (variables and scoping, array methods), code versioning tools such as GIT, SVN, etc., popular frontend development tools, CI/CD tools, DevOps, performance testing frameworks like Mocha,Node + NPM Preferred degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or similar Competence to translate business needs into technical requirements Open-minded team player, willing to accept feedback and offer suggestions Good time management, project management, communication, and interpersonal skills Capability to write crisp and clear code based on guidelines and best practices Willingness to learn modern-day tools and processes Good problem-solving, troubleshooting skills Creativity and accountability 
ScrapedJobID296:
Develop, enhance and maintain front end code Implement UI in with high quality Implement quick prototypes Unit testing, performance testing Follow practices: code review, unit testing, CI and other best practices Participate in FE architecture review Participate in UI discussions with designers Participate in SCRUM ceremonies Participate in estimation and planning sessions Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar; Master's degree in Computer Science 4+ years of experience designing, developing front end application and Micro-services, REST APIs Experience in JS, HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap Experience in UI development which interacts with REST API Experience in working in a SCRUM team Fluent English (as it is full time onsite job) Experience in agile methodology Attention to detail Tech Skills:
Front End: TypeScript, HTML, CSS
Other technologies: GitHub, Bamboo, JIRA and Confluence Front End: TypeScript, HTML, CSS Other technologies: GitHub, Bamboo, JIRA and Confluence Soft Skills:
Excellent communication (fluent in english)
Client facing Excellent communication (fluent in english) Client facing Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions 
ScrapedJobID297:
You are a rockstar designer that has made a slight or heavy shift over to coding. You live for making AMAZING experiences that look equally good on web and mobile. You'll love working with other world-class designers to make your joint vision a living, breathing reality. You love the nimbleness of the startup environment and are capable of dealing with the pace and change that comes with it. You have an eye for quality and detail (e.g. you spotted the typos in this JD, which initially annoyed you, but now know were just part of the test). A background or qualification in digital design with a portfolio of dazzling creative output. 1+ yrs experience in ReactJs would be a huge advantage, Otherwise, 1.5+ yrs experience in vue.js or Angular is required. 5+ years combined design and coding experience. 2+ years of coding experience is a big plus. Organized, able to be self-managed, and able to collaborate across teams spread over multiple time zones. You have exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to take design and wireframes provided by the design team and author professional and maintainable CSS, HTML, and JavaScript to bring it to life. Build pixel-perfect, fluid, and delightful UIs across the web and mobile interfaces. You take the designs to the next level, adding value during the implementation. Work with a front-end engineer to build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use. Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code. 100% Remote Highly competitive compensation package Comprehensive benefits, including up to 100% paid medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage for you & your loved one. 401k program An Oculus Quest 2 - Our All Hands meetings and Engagement events are done in VR Flexible work schedule and paid time to create your own work/life harmony An international team of highly talented and engaged people from different cultural backgrounds and locations. The latest technology and equipment to do your best work from your home office Be an OG in a young project that is already making 
ScrapedJobID298:
Coding in a proactive optic while respecting standards and specifications, with a minimum of bugs and errors; Collaborating with other developers to update existing standards and document projects; Playing a leadership role, proposing and implementing best practices; Acting as a mentor for colleagues who are less experienced and/or have difficulties; Sharing your knowledge with internal and external teams: technical processes, methodologies, and concepts; Collaborating with UI and UX designers, the creative director, project managers, and other relevant teams to deliver digital and multi-platform products that reflect our standards of excellence; Working with clients during technical design and implementation phases. +4 years of experience in front-end development; Excellent knowledge in 1 or many JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js or React.js and Node.js. Experience in a context of integration with back-end resources via AJAX/REST API/GraphQL, good knowledge of integration with external APIs (Google, Facebook, etc.); Knowledge of HTML/HTML5 and CSS2/3, SASS; Experience in CSS animation and animation libraries (GSAO, Three.js, Anime.js, etc.); Experience and interest in implementing web accessibility standards (WCAG); Experience with management tools (Git) in a teamwork setting (several developers working at the same time on the same repository); Knowledge of Gulp, Jenkins, Webpack, and ability to create and update their respective tasks; Love to stay up to date on development methodologies and best practices; Agency experience (an asset); Experience and appreciation to work in an Agile environment (an asset). Large-scale digital projects created for clients around the world; Agile (hybrid) mandates supported by Jira and Confluence softwares; Code reviews, pairing tests, CI/CD pipelines; An individual development plan supported by our continuing education platforms; Enriching collaboration with 149 passionate experts, all thoughtfully selected. 
ScrapedJobID299:
Travaillez dans un environnement dynamique et rapide où vous aurez des opportunités de croissance. Joignez une entreprise primée (Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec: prix génie innovation, sélectionné au palmarès Technology Fast 50 au Canada, Entrepreneur de l'année - Technologies de moins de 100 employés). Travaillez dans un milieu collaboratif et positif, dans une entreprise à taille humaine. Faites partie d'une entreprise en pleine croissance, présente dans le monde entier. Profitez d’un espace de travail à aire ouverte au coeur du Vieux-Montréal. Ayez un accès très pratique en métro, autobus, train ou vélo. Travaillez avec des professionnels de l’industrie. Bénéficiez d’une gamme d’assurances complètes vous offrant la paix d’esprit, à vous et votre famille. REER collectif avec contribution de l’employeur. Accès gratuit, sur place, à un centre de conditionnement physique et à des entraîneurs qualifiés. Santé et sécurité Citoyen du monde Travail d'équipe et confiance Excellence Discipline financière rigoureuse Être impliqué et participer au cycle de vie global des applications Se concentrer sur le codage et la résolution de problèmes Développer de nouvelles fonctionnalités destinées aux utilisateurs Travailler avec l’équipe de conception et traduire les structures filaires en une interface utilisateur évolutive Ecrire et créer un code et librairies réutilisables pour une future utilisation Garantir la faisabilité technique des conceptions UI/UX S’assurer que toutes les entrées utilisateur sont validées avant d’être soumises au back-end Mettre en œuvre les meilleures pratiques en matière de sécurité et de protection des données Se tenir au courant des tendances de l’industrie et de l’évolution technologique Optimisez l’application pour une vitesse et une évolutivité maximale S’assurer de l’exactitude et de la fonctionnalité du code Collaborer avec d’autres membres de l’équipe et autres parties En tant que membre d’une équipe Agile, contribuer au succès et à l’agilité de l’équipe Mentorer et guider les membres de l’équipe junior dans leur développement technique Baccalauréat en génie logiciel ou en informatique ou études équivalente et expérience pertinente 6 à 9 années d’expériences dans le développement de logiciels Design réactif et adaptatif Connaissance fondamentale des frameworks JavaScript : ReactJS RESTful Services and APIs Service-oriented architectures Micro-services architecture Niveau avancé avec HTML, CSS, JavaScript et jQuery Niveau avancé avec Front End Framework : Material Design Niveau avancé avec JavaScript Framework : ReactJS Mettre en œuvre le Framework CI/CD et les tests automatisés (un atout) Connaissance du Framework de test JavaScript: Jest (un atout) Connaissance de GraphQL (un atout) Capacité de travailler de façon autonome Sens critique et excellente gestion de temps Volonté d’apprendre et de maîtriser les nouvelles technologies Capacité démontrée à travailler en équipe et bonnes compétences de communication Haut degré de proactivité et d’initiative Rigueur, polyvalence Capacité à s’adapter dans un environnement Agile à développement rapide Work in a dynamic and fast paced environment where you will have growth opportunities. Join an award-winning company (Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec: Prix Génie innovation, Selected as Technology Fast 50 in Canada by Deloitte, Entrepreneur of the year - Technology under 100 employees). Work in a collaborative and supportive environment, in a human-scale company. Be part of a growing company that has a global presence around the world. Spacious open office in the heart of Old Montreal. Super-convenient access by metro, bus, train or bike. Opportunity to work with industry leading professionals. Complete insurance package that gives you peace of mind, for you and your family. Group RRSP with employer contribution. Free on-site access to a fitness center and qualified coaches. Health, Safety & Security Global Citizenship Teamwork & Trust Excellence Rigorous Financial Discipline Be involved and participate in the overall application lifecycle Focus on coding and debugging Develop new user-facing features Work with the design team and translate wireframes into a scalable user interface Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Implement security and data protection best practices Keeping up to date with industry trends and technology developments Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Reviewing code for accuracy and functionality Analyzing code segments regularly Participate in the elaboration of the front-end architecture for the Newtrax IoT Hub Actively contribute to the definition of technology strategies (architecture, design, and interfacing) to effectively meet business needs of IoT Hub Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders As part of an Agile team, contribute to the success and agility of the team Mentor and guide junior and intermediate team members in their technical development Provide informal guidance and support colleague Ensuring the day-to-day proper functioning of various activities and identify priorities to achieve the quality standards of the activities or delivered services. When needed, take action and achieve expected results. (Note: at this level, the incumbent is also expected to act as a coach for certain colleagues). Bachelor’s degree in software engineering or computer science or equivalent combination of education and relevant experience 6 to 9 years of experience in software development Responsive and adaptive design Fundamental awareness with JavaScript Frameworks: ReactJS RESTful Services and APIs Service-oriented architectures Micro-services architecture Advanced with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, and jQuery Advanced with Front End Framework: Material Design Advanced with JavaScript Framework: ReactJS Advanced with GraphQL APIs Knowledge of Docker Containers Implement CI/CD framework and automated testing (an asset) Knowledge of JavaScript testing framework: Jest (an asset) Knowledge of GraphQL (an asset) Ability to work independently Critical-thinking and time-management skills A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques Demonstrated ability to work in team and good communication skills High degree of self-motivation, proactivity and initiative Rigor, versatility Ability to adapt in a fast-paced Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID300:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 2+ years of professional experience in a full-stack software development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID301:
Collaborate with tech, design, and product to implement and build a new kind of e-commerce and wedding planning experience Manage and contribute code to large scale projects from inception to completion Identify and remedy performance bottlenecks Demonstrate best practices for front-end developers 2+ years of user facing front-end experience Experience with React or similar JavaScript framework Ability to work both individually and collaboratively Understanding of cross-browser compatibility and the ability to debug issues Excellent communication skills 
ScrapedJobID302:
The position involves an intermediate experience Front-end developer, but high quality junior candidates with excellent training and a well-filled portfolio will not be automatically rejected if they meet all other criteria. 
ScrapedJobID303:
Front End Application Development using React TypeScript Test Driven Development Map rendering frameworks such as deck.gl, Leaflet, or MapBox GL JS 
ScrapedJobID304:
Responsible for multiple projects and meeting deadlines while working within a collaborative, creative development team Producing big results while maintaining a positive attitude and having fun Creative design abilities – professional look & feel Support Producers, and other Developers to manage client requirements, communications and balance project schedules Research and evaluate a variety of interactive software products Contribute to a culture of excellence around creative use of technology in advertising and marketing Minimum 3+ years of experience in a similar role Excellent front end web development skills (HTML / CSS) Experience using CSS preprocessors such as LESS, Sass Strong understanding of object oriented programming Knowledge of popular JavaScript frameworks/libraries such as React, Vue, WebGL (Three.js, PlayCanvas), Pixi.js, GSAP Knowledge of build systems such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Degree or diploma in computer science or related discipline Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience or an interest in either Snapchat's Lens Studio and/or Spark AR Development with cross-platform frameworks ie. React Native Experience with Web APIs (Google's APIs, Facebook API, Twitter API) Experience with a CMS (Prismic, Contentful, WordPress, etc.) Proficient with some server side development (PHP, Node.js) A good sense of humour never hurts! 
ScrapedJobID305:

ScrapedJobID306:
Design, Implementation and maintenance of FortiClient web browser related software (Chromebook browser plug-in development). Design, implement, and maintenance of FortiClient web browser related software. Familiar modern web application development processing. Familiar with JavaScript, Typescript, and the popular web framework. Familiar with network protocols (https, http2, etc.) Familiar with browser extension debug technology. Familiar with automation test related tools. Any other programming language skill will be a plus. Degree, diploma or masters in Computer Science or Software Engineering disciplines or relevant years of related experience in similar domain 
ScrapedJobID307:
Design and develop the web interface for new and existing applications using ReactJs/Nodejs. Leverage best practices and monitor performance and advise any necessary application and/or infrastructure changes Help drive transformation by continuously looking for ways to automate existing processes, test, and optimize data quality Explore new capabilities and technologies to drive innovation Create quality mockups and prototypes Write clean code that is maintainable and extensible. Build reusable code and libraries for future use. Optimize web interface for maximum speed and scalability. Monitor for and solve web app performance issues. Support the team for DevOps continuous integration and delivery Extensive experience with React as front-end framework, deep understanding of React.js, Webpack and related libraries for SPA. Knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques front-end development experience with web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other industry standard frameworks. Experience with NodeJs backend and related libraries. Hands-on Knowledge on HTTP network and async AJAX request to micro-services RESTful APIs with JSON. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with code versioning tools (such as Git) and CI/CD concept. A passion for new technologies. A passion for simplifying and automating work, for making things better, for being efficient and helping others. Good communicator with strong written and oral communication skills Experience with event driven SPA sync communication technology, e.g. Kafka and WebSocket. Typescript Development for Cloud base Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID308:
Comprendre et déterminer les règles et la logique d’affaires propres à chaque station de ski et assurer que les solutions technologiques développées répondent et soient constamment alignées aux besoins des clients Effectuer l’intégration de produits logiciels existants avec des APIs externes afin d’améliorer notre offre de services Collaborer avec l’équipe de front-end dans le cadre du développement des nouvelles fonctionnalités Contribuer au design et à l’architecture de la logique d’affaires ainsi que de la structure de données afin de permettre une optimisation de la performance et la possibilité d’améliorations futures Participer aux meetings scrum quotidiens, aux sprint reviews ainsi qu’aux rétros de sprint. Participer aux show & tell hebdomadaires afin de prendre connaissance du travail réalisé par tes paires, présenter ce que tu as réalisé et ainsi rester informé de l’avancement du produit Participer aux planifications de sprint à toutes les deux semaines T’assigner, à partir du backlog de sprint, tes futures tâches selon ton expertise & tes intérêts Accès à une rétroaction directe des clients Mettre en place et suivre des standards de développement Java (bonnes pratiques). Bien utiliser et gérer la dette technique (identification, documentation et résolution) Participer à la mise en place de stratégies afin d’augmenter la qualité et faciliter l’assurance de la qualité (tests automatisés, tests end-to-end, tests unitaires, etc..) Personne aimant mettre à profit son souci du détail Excellentes habiletés techniques et à l’aise avec un grand éventail de technologies Capable de gérer multiples dossiers à la fois Capacité de respecter les délais de livraison dans un contexte de multiples livrables Débrouillard et autonome Capable de travailler avec des collègues à distance Passionné de la montagne et/ou du plein-air Capable de comprendre la réalité et les besoins des stations de ski et des adeptes du ski/planche à neige Baccalauréat en informatique, génie informatique, génie logiciel, ou expérience équivalente Expérience en développement back-end en Java Spring Expérience de développement en micro-services Expérience en conception d’API REST et GraphQL Expérience avec la technologie Kafka Expérience avec ElasticSearch Expérience avec la base de données MongoDB Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Expérience dans l’industrie du ski, un atout Bonne capacité à lire, écrire et comprendre l’anglais Améliorer l’expérience numérique des skieurs via de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur les plateformes web et mobiles Améliorer l’efficacité des écoles de ski via une meilleure communication entre les gestionnaires, clients et instructeurs Définir des algorithmes de définition de prix des billets journaliers afin d’optimiser le revenu des stations de ski Augmenter les automatisations lors de l’achat de services offerts par les stations de ski afin de diminuer l’interaction entre l’employé et le client lors des transactions En raison du Covid, l’équipe Paradocs a dû rapidement aider les stations de ski dans leur gestion de capacité de skieurs autorisés sur la montagne via de nouvelles fonctionnalités e-commerces, IoT et la plateforme de gestion MtnOS. Un environnement jeune, dynamique, décontracté et flexible où vous pouvez vous amuser Une équipe soudée et épanouie de 20 employés passionnés par la technologie et le ski, où les gens y restent. Une forte culture d'entreprise où l’engagement, la rigueur, la loyauté et la passion pour les sports en montagne et le plein-air sont au coeur de celle-ci Une entreprise en pleine croissance Une ambiance conviviale et une grande proximité entre les membres de l’équipe - Family hub Sillonner dans un environnement hautement technologique avec des technologies de fines pointes (ex : Architecture en micro-services, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Salaire concurrentiel, promis! Assurance collective payée à 100% par l’employeur Télé-médecine avec Dialogue Horaire variable Accès à des passes de ski gratuites (ce qui est un avantage considérable pour les amateurs de ski ou de planche) Possibilités d'avancement L’emploi du masculin est utilisé à des fins d’alléger le texte Understand and determine the business rules and logic specific to each ski resort and ensure that the technological solutions developed meet and are constantly aligned with the real business of customers Perform integration of existing software products with external APIs to enhance our service offering Collaborate with the front-end team in the development of new features Contribute to the design and architecture of the business logic and data structure to enable performance optimization and future enhancements Participation in daily scrum meetings, sprint reviews and sprint retros Participate in the weekly show & tell in order to see the work done by your peers, present what you have done and stay informed of the progress of the product Participate in bi-weekly sprint planning Assign you, from the sprint backlog, your future tasks according to your expertise & interests Access to direct customer feedback Follow and implement Java development standards (best practices) Good use and management of technical debt (identification, documentation and resolution) Participate in the implementation of strategies to increase quality and facilitate quality assurance (automated tests, end-to-end tests, unit tests, etc.) A person who likes to pay attention to detail Excellent technical skills and comfortable with a wide range of technologies Ability to manage multiple files at once Ability to meet deadlines in a context of multiple deliverables Resourceful and self-directed Ability to work with remote colleagues Having a passion for mountains and/or the outdoors Ability to comprehend the realities and needs of ski areas and ski/snowboard enthusiasts Relevant training (e.g.: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, or equivalent experience) Experience in Back-End development in Java Spring Experience in microservices development Experience in REST and GraphQL API design Experience with Kafka technology Experience with ElasticSearch Experience with MongoDB database Experience with CI/CD pipelines Experience in the ski industry is an asset Good ability to read, write and understand English Showcase the digital experience for skiers through new features on web and mobile platforms. Enhance better communication between managers, clients and instructors thereby improving the efficiency of ski schools. Redefine a new component library for the MtnOS application. Create a unique and effective style within the MtnOS application. Due to Covid, the Paradocs team had to quickly assist ski resorts in their management of authorized skier capacity on the mountain via new e-commerce, IoT and MtnOS management platform features. A place where you can have fun due to its young, dynamic, relaxed and flexible environment. A close-knit and fulfilled team of 20 employees who are passionate about technology and skiing, where people stay. A strong corporate culture based on commitment, rigour, loyalty and passion for mountain sports and the outdoors. A growing company A close relationship between the team members and a warm atmosphere- Family hub. Work in a cutting-edge and a high technological environment (e.g.: microservices architecture, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Competitive salary, I promise! 100% employer-paid group insurance Telehealth with Dialogue Variable schedule Access to free ski passes (which is a great benefit to ski and snowboard enthusiasts) Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID309:
Work with other senior developers to plan and refine the app to meet new challenges Write complex UI components, business logic, and supporting systems Follow guidelines for UI accessibility in all development Document all work in Storybook, Readme's, and other sources as applicable Create unit tests for everything you create using Enzyme and Jest Diagnose and fix bugs in all areas of the app Assist with front-end DevOps tasks Mentor and support less experienced developers in all aspects of development Contribute to planning sessions, code reviews, and other team collaboration Participate in all team activities and agile processes: scrum, refining, retrospective, etc. Computer science or development certification, or equivalent experience with complex systems Advanced JavaScript skills, with 5+ years' experience in web application UI development Expert-level knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem, including ES6 and beyond Strong knowledge of CSS tools, like Sass, Less & JSS – we use them all Deep knowledge of software architecture and design patterns Expert-level knowledge of the React library and its ecosystem, with 3+ years' experience Familiar with all aspects of the scrum development process and associated planning tools Experienced using Jira or a similar system to manage work Strong knowledge of Git and workflow control – we use BitBucket Strong technical and personal communication skills, both written and oral Strong test-writing skills with ability to teach Experience building and supporting reusable React components, including open-source Experience with Antd UI library, and/or other open-source libraries like Material UI Familiarity with latest React Router versions, and routing in general Experience with Service Workers, Cache interface, and other common PWA tools Experience with Charting libraries, like d3 and AmCharts Experience with Google Maps and/or other geo-location knowledge Experience with ElasticSearch and building DSL queries Experience with Kibana and customizing it Experience with Redux Saga – a legacy tool being phased out Experience with Ember – a legacy frame-work being phased out Deep knowledge of WebPack, Babel, Grunt, and similar tools Knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, and similar tools Basic dev-ops knowledge, like nginx and its configuration 
ScrapedJobID310:
Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Integrate functionality and data via API calls Client-side data and state management Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Education - Must have a diploma/degree in computer science, geography, geographic analysis or equivalent Experience - A minimum of 2 years of work experience in a geodemography/software development environment. Must also be skilled in the following:
Proficient knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3
Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS
Strong understanding of JavaScirpt / TypeScript, including libraries and frameworks, such as, React, Angular, Vue, etc.
Good understanding of asynchronous request handling.
Experience managing application state, data refresh, etc. Proficient knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Strong understanding of JavaScirpt / TypeScript, including libraries and frameworks, such as, React, Angular, Vue, etc. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling. Experience managing application state, data refresh, etc. Analytical Skills – Effectively researches and synthesizes complex or diverse information; uses intuition and experience to complement data and designs work flows and procedures. Judgment - Displays willingness to make timely decisions, including appropriate people in the decision-making process and exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions. Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities effectively. Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views, giving and welcoming feedback. Puts success of team above own interests and demonstrates ability to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives. Supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity and meets challenges with resourcefulness. Generates suggestions for improving work. Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' agreement. Skills Development – Demonstrates willingness and ability to continuously acquire new technical skills and adapt to emerging software development technologies and practices. Communication Skills – Able to clearly communicate ideas and expectations. Effectively listens for understanding and asks questions for clarification. Presents ideas effectively in both verbal and written form. Interpersonal Skills – Approachable and easy to talk to. Relates well to all kinds of people in the organization. Able to effectively build rapport with others. Uses diplomacy and tact. Maintains composure and shows an ability to resolve conflicts and gain agreement. 
ScrapedJobID311:
Design, development, testing and debugging of front-end and back-end applications. Designing applications from conception to completion. Communicating effectively with the team members on various tasks and projects Contributing to team processes and quality control measures Monitoring, supporting, or enhancing existing applications Other duties as assigned. Knowledge and experience with one or more of the following: JavaScript, .NET, Python, Bash, React, Node.js, C# Time management and multi-tasking ability. Good oral and written communication skills. Ability to work as part of a larger team or independently Knowledge and experience working in Linux environment Web application development experience in a team environment Familiarity with Agile/Scrum software development methodology, unit testing and continuous integration/deployment Familiarity with Amazon Web Services and Docker Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB; big data storage solutions would be an asset Database experience in creating stored procedures and optimizing database queries 
ScrapedJobID312:
5+ years of commercial front-end software development experience using ReactJS or similar front-end framework Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, Modern CSS with PostCSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as Yarn, Babel, Webpack, Rollup, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js Knowledge with AWS Services (S3, CloudFront, Cognito, lambda) & other serverless concepts Experienced with component testing and end-to-end testing with browser automation Experience with automated Jenkins CI/CD pipelines and/or AWS Code Pipeline 
ScrapedJobID313:
Build delightful, usable, and accessible interfaces for a global user base Deliver projects from scoping requirements to actual launch and assume long-term ownership Build reusable FE components that would be leveraged by all apps at Coursera Work with other developers to advance UI frameworks and make front-end development easier, faster, and better for everyone at Coursera! Foster strong working relationships with cross functional partners from design & product Apply your knowledge of accessibility to work cross functionally to ensure an accessible experience for millions of users Take holistic ownership of your work by understanding how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise Ensure you follow best software development practices including but not limited to unit testing, code reviews and documentation Bring thoughtful perspectives, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to take on problems at scale Communicate effectively (both written and oral) with colleagues at all levels of the organization Bachelors in computer science or relevant experience Proficiency in the core technologies of the web: Javascript, HTML, and CSS, experience in at least one modern UI framework (e.g. AngularJS, ReactJS, etc), and experience in building large-scale web applications Proficiency in implementing responsive web designs and writing FE unit and integration tests Fervent belief in engineering quality and building technical leverage for others Comfortable working in a fast-moving team environment (we deploy many times a day!) Data-driven and strongly motivated by success and learnings through experiments and metrics analysis 
ScrapedJobID314:
3-5 years of Software development experience using web technologies Highly skilled in JavaScript and React framework – at least 1-2 years of experience with React Experience with or willingness and ability to learn Jutro, Guidewire’s design system Experience with CSS, SASS, and other look-and-feel technologies Experience with automated unit testing using Jest/Enzyme or similar frameworks Exposure to server-side technologies (JSON/RPC, REST) Ability to travel for onsite work. Able to demonstrate experience with building web/mobile services and single-page applications Collaboration with UX designers Effective communication and collaboration skills Highly motivated, result-driven, and tenacious problem solver Strong English skills Insurance industry experience Exposure to Invision, Sketch, or other UX prototyping tools Languages other than English is a plus 
ScrapedJobID315:
As a Front-end UI/UX developer, you should be able to contribute to both the front-end AND back-end codebase of any project you are a part of. Be able to lead the front-end development of a project from beginning to end. Be able to take constructive criticism and learn from it 2+ years of Frontend Development experience creating responsive Mobile-Ready SPA’s with React 2+ years of professional experience with React Native. Strong experience with JavaScript (ES6), JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Sass/SCSS, Grid, Flexbox Experience developing iOS and Android mobile application with XCode and Android Professional experience designing UI/UX prototypes with Figma Experience with unit testing and performance testing Experience with REST API design Strong knowledge and use of Git, merging, branching, rebasing Experience with VSCode, prettier, and eslint Experience with Unix Experience with PhotoShop Familiar with ES6 Node, Docker, Mongo, MySQL / PostgreSQL Development experience in other modern web technologies like Vue and Angular Experience with testing frameworks such as Mocha Work remotely Competitive Salary Paid Vacation Health and Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID316:
Contribute to innovative technology solutions that meet business needs for today and tomorrow. Help translate business requirements into scalable, user-centric technology designs for Aritzia.com. Contribute to the development, configuration, and integration of solutions to ensure the solution design intent is realized and works seamlessly with existing systems and eCommerce infrastructure. Implement structured testing that ensures functionality and identify and address deficiencies. Launch and proactively maintain technology solutions. A commitment to learn and apply Aritzia's Values, Business and People Leadership principles. An enthusiastic approach to taking on new opportunities and challenges. A commitment to navigating our internal operations to achieve the best team and business results. The ability to collaborate fluently with cross-functional partners. The skills to set clear objectives with an emphasis on accountability while striving to reach your highest potential. Proven skills, education, and/or applicable certifications in:
HTML, JavaScript, and CSS
A degree in Computer Science is preferred.
Experience with Java, XML, and JSTL is preferred but not required.
Skills in Salesforce Cloud is preferred but not required. HTML, JavaScript, and CSS A degree in Computer Science is preferred. Experience with Java, XML, and JSTL is preferred but not required. Skills in Salesforce Cloud is preferred but not required. The appetite to continuously learn and develop oneself A commitment to quality and investing in results that add value to the business. A sense of urgency and ability to prioritize important work. A-OK Commissary & Café - Our in-office, world-class bistro and café The SET - Our in-house gym, with state-of-the art equipment and custom classes Employee Assistance Program - 24/7 support, resources, and information available to your and your family Aspirational Workspace - Every detail is considered to connect to the energy of the culture Dog Friendly Office - Bring your best friend to work Amenities - Facilities include private parent's room, bike storage rooms, and shower facilities with complimentary conveniences Flexible Working Arrangements - The option to work from the office or from a remote space of your choosing Talent Mobility Program - From out of town? No problem - we offer a highly supportive relocation program Competitive Pay Packages - A commitment to performance based pay increases and career progression Product Discount - Our famous product discount, online and in store Health Benefits - Comprehensive health, vision and dental packages for eligible employees Extras - A multitude of other perks like dry-cleaning, hotel and restaurant discounts, self-care promos, on-site medical care and more Health & Safety - Industry-leading health and safety precautions, including on-site screenings, mask and distancing protocols, and cleaning supplies 
ScrapedJobID317:
Create value for our customers by driving specific KPIs and outcomes through software delivery. Participate in design, implementation, and deployment of new features and products. Work closely with the Product Team and other stakeholders to develop high-quality, scalable systems, and user interfaces. Collaborate with other engineers on the team to come up with optimal technical solutions. Continuously improve our front-end codebase by ensuring industry best development practices. Mentor more junior members of the team. Live and promote our leadership principles. Computer Science degree or equivalent 5+ years of development experience Proven track record of delivery of scalable web applications Strong understanding of ECMA Script 2018+ concepts and principles Strong knowledge of React and Typescript Passionate technologists with a desire to expand their knowledge and skill as well as share and mentor team members Experience working remotely and/or working with geographically distributed teams is preferable. Strive for continuous improvement and belief in collective success Team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills Able to contribute in a Full-Stack manner using the Microsoft development stack. Experience with other JavaScript frameworks (Knockout.js, jQuery, Angular, Vue) Good feel for UI/UX design Culture: We’re a purpose-driven meritocratic culture where bias, tenure, and egos are replaced with debate, data, and facts so we can spend as much time as possible on impactful work to create real value for our customers. Plus, we provide regular social events by our awesome Social Committee, live and virtual coffee chats and more! Growth: We’re a fast-paced FinTech company with numerous opportunities to learn, grow and take on new challenges. You’ll have an immediate impact. Additionally, all Plootonians can participate in the employee stock option plan from day 1. Benefits: Day 1 access to comprehensive medical and health, including 100% drug coverage. We offer flexibility through WFH options and generous time off (vacation, sick, etc.) Security: Plooto is trusted by over 6,000 SMBs and their finance teams. We’re profitable and have never gone through layoffs. 
ScrapedJobID318:
Work with new applications/technologies working both front-end and back-end web development projects Development, maintenance, support, debug and documentation of new development projects and existing web applications Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable and reliable code Assist in defining software architectures Participate in bug resolution Build appropriate unit and integration tests Participate in various phases of test development cycle (unit, functional, integrated, acceptance) Translate designs and style guides provided by the team into functional user interfaces Contribute to continual improvement by suggesting improvements to user interface, software architecture or new technologies Have a bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or a combination of education and experience in software development Familiar with Agile methodologies. Experience of test-driven development. Experience coding in Java, Python or Typescript/JavaScript. Experience of Windows and UNIX based operating systems. Experience working with RESTful APIs Experience working with web applications. Frontend web development (Angular). Backend RESTful API development (Java), Experience with Azure DevOps. Experience coding in Go. Experience setting up continuous integration and deployment pipelines. Permanent position, competitive base salary, bonuses and annual performance reviews Fully paid by the employer medical, dental, life, short/long term disabilities insurance Lots of things to learn through skilled sparring partners Flexible work from home options available Become a key member of a dynamic and award winning company that is a recognized worldwide industry leader 
ScrapedJobID319:
Develop PWA (Progressive Web App) using Service Workers Performance Tuning Discuss with customer business groups to understand functionality and come up with innovative ideas for web development for the best user experience Undertake project specific Proof of Concepts activities to validate technical feasibility with guidance from the Application Architect Discuss with offshore team on tasks to be done, and mentor junior members of the team. Performs design & code review s for team members. Train, conduct interviews and build new high-performance front-end teams Experience in development RWD and SPA with Angular. Demonstrates knowledge of Dependency Injection , Templates, Validations, Linting, Pipes, Directives, Model Typecasting, State management, Debugging and Testing Sound Know ledge in unit testing (automated) using Junit, Mockito, Selenium, Cucumber Experienced in TDD and CI/CD using robust automated build pipelines that automatically execute static code analyzers, design analyzers, unit tests, and integration tests. Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Concourse, Bamboo Invoke/ consume APIs/ RESTful Services/ OData API using NodeJS, Spring, Sprint Boot, Sprint Security, OAuth. Working know ledge of PWA, Gatsby, Riot, experience working with any CM S, JSON Web Token (JWT), familiarity with GIT. 
ScrapedJobID320:
Participate in the technical design and implementation of software Maintain and advance our core technical standards End-to-end problem solving and debugging skills Produce functional as well as technical documentation for all applications to be developed Provide peer level support in areas of expertise to other team members Conform to and evolve user interface standard Minimum of 2 years of experience developing front end components of web applications Experience with a well-known relational database, preferably MS SQL Experience with HTML5, XML, CSS3, AngularJS v1and JavaScript User Design and implementation Front end frameworks such as, Bootstrap and jQuery Knowledge of contemporary software development methodologies and processes especially “agile” Proven diagnostic and problem solving skills Ability to effectively interact with peers and managers Strong organizational skills Excellent communication and self-motivation skills 
ScrapedJobID321:
5+ years of experience working on HTML5, JavaScript and Angular technology. Core Java Web experience with JAX-RS, concurrency, Spring, CXF and JPA. Core Javascript experience with modern UI framework such as ExtJS or Angular is preferred. Working knowledge of writing REST / web services Working knowledge of UNIX/LINUX. Demonstrates exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong communication, organizational, and collaboration skills. Ability to multi-task and work well under pressure. Experience working on large and medium scale projects in agile environment. FIX Protocol DevOps/Agile Equities Competitive compensation and benefits package Full health insurance coverage Professional training, certifications Mobility A variety of corporate activities Flexibility in working hours and work from home 
ScrapedJobID322:
Work as part of a small team to build and maintain React.js and React Native applications. Implement UI’s that match designs Implement clean, modern, smooth animations and transitions that provide an excellent user experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Physics or 5+ years work related experience building consumer mobile and hybrid applications 2 years of experience and knowledge of React and the JavaScript ecosystem Knowledge of Relational DB (Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL) Technical ability to code your own front end work Core strength with React.js and React Native Experience with Agile, Scrum or Sprints Experience using source control Git Experience with creating new and using third-party API Web Services Experience with REST API Experience with GraphQL Experience with building and debugging React-Native apps with native components Experience with service design patterns, multithreading, scalability and performance Proficiency with Native iOS or Android App development Knowledge of Java and GWT is a plus Knowledge of building apps with continuous integration Team player Enthusiastic and passionate 
ScrapedJobID323:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID324:
A minimum of 6-8 years of experience working on web development where you are building front-end components of a web application. Strong background in UI/Front-end development with a solid knowledge of Angular 9.0, JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, SASS, Node JS, XML, JSON and web standards. (Angular JS 1.x knowledge would be added advantage) Knowledge on the accessibility and SEO standards. Good understanding of browsers and debug the code at the client side. Strong experience working with REST services Experience using Typescript and third-party JavaScript framework libraries. Experience in writing unit test cases with karma/jasmine 2 - 4 year Experience working in AGILE methodology Experience with build tools like Git version control – 2+ years Very good knowledge on Design Patterns Knowledge on best industry practices and code review React Redux knowledge Backend knowledge Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID325:
Sous une supervision générale, développer une composante Angular. Sous une supervision générale, faire du développement Java Spring Boot. Sous une supervision générale, faire du développement sur AWS. Assurer une qualité élevée par des tests automatisés. Interagir avec Product/UX pour développer des caractéristiques. Participer à la conception de l’architecture afin de créer un produit simple, maintenable, libre au niveau du système de billetterie, fiable et réutilisable. Mettre en œuvre des scénarios et exécuter le plan d’action attaché au produit. Enseigner et former les membres de l’équipe concernant les procédures de soutien de vos systèmes. Participer au service de soutien sur appel en alternance. Au moins cinq années d’expérience dans le développement de logiciels de production de qualité à grande échelle. Diplôme universitaire en science informatique, ou expérience équivalente. Capacité d’apprendre rapidement à utiliser de nouvelles technologies et de nouveaux paradigmes. Excellentes compétences en JavaScript/TypeScript. Bonne connaissance des services AWS (CloudFront, API Gateway, Lambda). Connaissance approfondie des technologies Web (ReactJS / NextJS / Material-UI / StyledComponent). Connaissance approfondie des stratégies de test des applications Web (UT, IT, UAT, tests de capacité…). Expérience dans la construction de maquettes UX / UI. Expérience (utile)dans la rédaction de microservices réactifs Springboot (java, kotlin). Expérience professionnelle dans un environnement de développement Agile + DevOps. Expérience dans le développement de canaux Gitlab-CI automatisés. Expérience concernant l’encadrement de développeurs FrontEnd subalternes et la documentation de pratiques exemplaires. Excellentes aptitudes de communication orale et écrite en français/anglais. autonome et proactif; passionné de technologie et de transformation; capable de vous motiver vous-même, énergique et tenace; à l’aise de travailler dans des équipes pluri-fonctionnelles et multidisciplinaires; passionné par la résolution de problèmes techniques complexes et l’élaboration de solutions créatives. Develop robust, reliable, highly available, and scalable Restful APIs with solid monitoring and alerting capabilities; Develop robust and secure UI applications to deliver the best user experience to our clients; Interact with Product/UX to develop features; Ensure high quality through automated tests; Develop automated gitlab-ci pipelines; Be part of pager duty rotation. Solid 2+ years of experience with strong java/springboot knowledge; 1+ years of experience in UI development; 1+ years of experience in DevOps; Experience with a modern UI framework such as Reactjs; Experience with Design Patterns and SOLID principles; Experience with Distributed / Service-Oriented / Microservice and cloud-based architectures (nice to have); Experience with AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Cloudstack (nice to have); Experience with cloud-native applications with Spring / Spring Boot (nice to have); Experience building architecture for web applications (CDN, API Gateway, Backend For FrontEnd, Authentication, Security) (nice to have); Solid experience coding in java, python, javascript, typescript; Good knowledge of design principles for delivering Microservices with high cohesion, autonomous scope, business domain-centric organization, resilient, built with centralized monitoring, and automated; Hands-on experience with RESTful APIs implementations; Hands-on experience with relational databases like (MySQL, Amazon RDS, Amazon Aurora) And NoSQL databases like (Amazon DynamoDB, MongoDB); Hands-on experience with Linux/Unix Shell; Experience with DevOps / Continuous Delivery / Continuous Deployment best practices and guidelines; Hands-on experience with production deployments, operations, monitoring, and alerting; Excellent organization and time management skills; Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment; Self-driven, proactive and have a positive attitude; able to operate autonomously and efficiently in an entrepreneurial setting; Excellent communication, documentation, and ability to clearly articulate a solution in French and English. You are autonomous and proactive. You are passionate about technology and transformation You are self-motivated activator, energetic and tenacious You are comfortable with working in cross-functional and multidisciplinary teams You are excited about taking on challenging technical problems and devising creative solutions 
ScrapedJobID326:
Participate in the design of the Platform-as-a-Service web pages to ensure a good user experience; Develop user-friendly interfaces while seeking optimal performance; Write reusable code aiming optimal and easily maintainable solutions that will enhance the platform’s quality; Propose ideas for improvement of the applications, procedures, and technologies used; Perform coding review and test the code through unit testing, integration testing and automation testing; Create prototypes for internal clients or other internal customers; Seek opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base as well as proficiency regarding processes. Solid experience as a front-end developer in large-scale projects with distributed teams working in Agile; Proficient with JavaScript ES6, ES, AJAX, and with frameworks such as Vue.js, React or similar, ; Familiar with Unit Testing / Integration Testing / Automation Testing; Knowledge in NodeJS ecosystem is an asset; Exposure to DevOps, Gitlab, CI/CD and containers Docker is considered a plus; Having good interpersonal and communication skills – bilingual English and French both written and orally. 
ScrapedJobID327:
You're an excellent team player who works wells with multiple stakeholders You're curious and always willing to learn new technology You have the ability to communicate effectively about technical topics to both technical and non-technical audiences You have strong work ethic and be able to work independently You're able to manage multiple projects in a dynamic, fast-paced, high-growth environment. Build a fast-loading, responsive WordPress website using UI design tools like Figma Write custom PHP, CSS3, SCSS, Javascript, Jquery for custom functionality Maintain SEO ranking for website Ensure proper configuration of all site tags in GTM & Google Analytics Conduct A/B testing using tools like Google Optimize Build reusable components Perform QA in cross browser and devices Conduct WordPress plugin updates, test issues and fix as needed Ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize tasks Manage production launch and solve production issues Implement third-party tools such as chatbots, scheduling software for meetings, etc. Collaborate closely with stakeholders across the organization including demand generation, marketing operations, content, design. Adhere to Agile development methodology – daily standups, estimate time for tasks, planning and retrospective Minimum 7+ years of WordPress experience Intermediate knowledge in PHP, HTML 5, CSS3, SCSS, Javascript, and JQuery Strong knowledge of Pantheon, WP Engine, Gutenberg blocks, Beaver builder, Advanced Custom Fields Solid understanding of technical SEO, Google Analytics/GTM Familiarity in GIT branching strategy Extensive troubleshooting skills Solid understanding of hosting, DNS, and caching Experience testing Bachelor's degree in CS or related field Generous vacation policy, paid holidays, and paid parental leave Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Downtown Toronto Office in the Entertainment District- easy walk to TTC and Union Station Work from home flexibility Seismic Cares volunteer program #OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency 
ScrapedJobID328:
MobSquad solves the significant and growing technology talent shortage faced by US-based start-ups and scale-ups by enabling its clients to quickly have a turnkey "virtual" Canadian subsidiary. MobSquad ensures technology professionals with US work visa challenges remain working with their current company, but nearshore from Canada. This is accomplished via MobSquad's unique partnership with the Canadian Government, enabling work visas to be issued for technology professionals and their respective families within four to six weeks, and Canadian permanent residency within six to eight months. Additionally, MobSquad has unfettered access to top-tier global technology talent which it relocates to Canada and pairs with American as well as Canadian clients on an exclusive, long-term basis, helping firms not only retain their existing world-class technology talent base, but grow it substantially. We're a Certified B corporation, and have made numerous contributions to charitable organizations, as well as a financial commitment to the Upside Foundation. We believe we are playing a key role in enhancing Canada's innovation economy, and have received financial support from the Government of Canada, Province of Alberta, Province of Nova Scotia, and City of Calgary, to support this ambition. For our workplace culture, we were recognized as the 3rd best place to work in Canada (for a small company) in 2020, as well as recognized specifically for being one of the best workplaces nationally for: inclusion; mental wellness; giving back; youth; and technology. We were also recognized as one of the best start-ups to work for across Canada. For our innovative business model, we have been featured in numerous media outlets including: Asian Pacific Post; BetaKit; Bloomberg; CBC; Global News; Gothamist; International Business Times; MIT Technology Review; Nearshore Americas; Nikkei Asian Review; NPR; The Economic Times of India; The Financial Times; The Globe and Mail; The Information; The New York Times; and The Washington Post. Harvard Business School published a case study on MobSquad last fall, and Harvard Business Review featured us multiple times in an article that appeared on the cover of their November/December 2020 edition. You can learn more about us on our website. You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a comparable field from an accredited institution You have over five years of general experience in software development across multiple languages and frameworks You have over five years of experience in JavaScript (specifically ES6), TypeScript, and front-end web development (e.g., HTML, CSS) You have experience with tools including Grunt, Gulp, and/or Webpack You have experience working with React, web components, and functional interfaces You have experience with back-end development including the use of Node.js and GraphQL (Apollo) You have experience working with RESTful APIs to connect to back-end services You have experience with SQL and NoSQL (MongoDB) databases You have knowledge of Software Design principles and various architectural patterns You have demonstrated the ability to develop high-quality code adhering to industry best practices (i.e., code review, unit tests, revision control) You have a work history reflective of a self-motivated professional who excels when given open-ended problems and broadly defined goals, having an innate desire to leverage their skills in a way that provides business value You are a self-starter, a quick learner, and are adept at turning high-level guidance into action-oriented plans You are detail-oriented, and have fantastic organizational skills A full-time position that offers competitive compensation A benefits program delivered through our bespoke digital platform, giving you control, choice, and flexibility. We give you the ability to build your package of benefits covering health (e.g., medical, dental, vision), wellness (e.g., gym, workout gear, massage, transit), and RRSP (retirement savings) A downtown office location with first-rate amenities, surrounded by great restaurants and easily-accessible transit For international candidates, sponsorship for an immediate work permit, expedited permanent residency, and Canadian citizenship within four years 
ScrapedJobID329:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID330:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to build and customize high performing enterprise web and mobile applications Research, implement and share best development practices with the team BSc in Computer Science or BASc in Computer/Software Engineering or a two-year diploma/certificate in computing and software development 4+ years of experience in the tech environment Experience with ReactJS and React Native Experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ES6 Maintaining projects in Git versioning systems Experience with analyzing and optimizing page performance and load times Worked with MySQL/MariaDB, NodeJs, AWS Have a passion in web development and new technologies Have been involved in shipping of at least 1-2 enterprise mobile applications Proficient in optimizing and debugging code Team player with strong interpersonal and verbal/written communication skills Experience with Agile and Scrum process Familiarity with design patterns and programming principles and it’s applications Join a passionate and creative team that learns, collaborates, and succeeds together We offer a flexible work environment, as we understand the importance of work-life balance Refuel throughout the day with our fully stocked kitchen - we’ve got great coffee, lots of healthy snacks, and beer on tap Work in a bright and spacious open office space, with great natural lighting along the Vancouver Seawall. Feel free to start fully remotely during the pandemic – or if you choose, our office is open for all employees with safety precautions in place Bring your dog to work – we welcome all four-legged friends in our office We like to have fun! Join us for virtual Friday Happy Hours or (socially distanced) Wine Wednesdays on one of our two outdoor patios 
ScrapedJobID331:
College or university diploma in a computer programming related field Minimum 3 years of professional experience as a full-stack web developer Strong PHP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS skills Strong knowledge of relational databases and MySQL queries Knowledgeable debugger (using appropriate tools and techniques) Experience with API integrations Comfortable with Git commands, and branching/merging techniques Experience with jQuery Experience with Bootstrap Server & database management Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Store discount Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday When are you available to start? full-stack development (after graduation): 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID332:
Own the product from a technical perspective making changes to stack, adding services, refactoring code, changing infrastructure, and adding or removing any tools as necessary Collaborate with Tax Specialists and Developers in drafting functional specifications Develop software with an emphasis on concretely enhancing user experience (reducing delivery times for engagements, reducing error rates, etc.) Architect, code and debug problematic code Improve cloud-based applications infrastructure and deployment pipelines Change database structure and write queries that optimize performance and/or resource usage when possible Work with containers and Kubernetes in development and production environments Take part of code reviews as both a reviewer and reviewee BS in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and professional work experience 3-5 years of demonstrated development experience building web applications Experience with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, requiring solid cross-browser ES6+ skills/TypeScript Experience with automated testing frameworks and pipelines Proficiency using any Reactive Front-End frameworks like AngularJS, React, Vue.JS, Svelte, etc. Experienced building scalable and maintainable REST APIs using Node.JS or other back-end frameworks Strong fundamental knowledge of relational databases (SQL in particular) and ability to write performant queries Ownership; we need you to help own codebase, infrastructure, and write performant and maintainable code that both you and your team can work with Experience using version control software (i.e. Git), and Waterfall and Agile development methodologies Practical Experience using mainstream cloud services AWS, MS Azure and GCP Fundamental knowledge of Linux system administration Hungry for experience, and eager to learn in a rapidly changing industry A curiosity that looks to redefine the norm and sees technology and innovation as a tool to open new doors and new opportunities Passionate and capable of delivering solutions with a high attention to detail Ability to communicate complex ideas to different audiences 
ScrapedJobID333:
Design and implement frontend software related to the CCAAS platform Design and develop mobile applications for the CCAAS platform Perform any debugging and issue analysis of the issues reported by customers Integrate third party cloud APIs and libraries Use best practices coding and software development to produce highly efficient scalable and secure software Fluent in English language both in writing and speaking At least 5 years of experience in web and mobile applications development Strong knowledge of AngularJS and ReactJS frameworks Good knowledge of react-native and hands on experience with mobile application development (Android and ios) String knowledge of source control tools like GIT, subversion, etc.. At least 5 years of experience with Linux based operating systems Good understanding of multi-system-based application Experience in building scalable and redundant applications software Ability to quickly learn new technologies Good frontend debugging skills Always puts security first. Worries about network and software security. Good customer relationship skillset (able to work directly with customers) Knowledge of Amazon AWS cloud management tools is an asset 
ScrapedJobID334:
Participates in meetings with clients to assess, and evaluates customer business requirements and analyzes business processes. Provides professional recommendations on approaches. Establishes scope, alternative options, design criteria, time, and cost estimates. Collaborate with senior application developers to lead system enhancement cycles from client requirement gathering through production delivery. Ensures application development standards and tasks are met and addressed across software projects through code reviews and pair programming. Clarifies, designs, documents, develops, and tests new or modified features in the application development backlog to support the goals of the institution. Continually suggests improvements to the application development process based upon changing institutional requirements through new tooling, techniques, and technology. Takes ownership of technical issues. Identifies underlying problems, analyzes potential solutions and implements system resolutions, including workarounds where required working collaboratively both within the team and with other teams. Works with the Quality Assurance team in creation of test plans, running User Acceptance sessions, and reviewing code to ensure quality is maintained in each release cycle. Managing server and container resources during deployment and operation of the applications developed. Undergraduate degree or diploma in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or equivalent work experience may be considered. Excellent knowledge and experience with object oriented programming languages, automated testing strategies, and relational databases. Excellent knowledge of and professional usage of development tools such as source code, and project management tools. Experience with configuration management, continuous integration, deployment automation/orchestration tools. Experience in various development and project management methodologies including supervising and mentoring other developers. Excellent communication (verbal, written and listening), interpersonal, time management, planning, organizational, analytical, problem-solving, and estimation skills. Experience with application hosting and server administration tasks including cloud hosting and containerization. Experience with working with clients to analyze business processes and requirements, managing project budgets/schedules, mentoring of other developers. Professional development experience in C#, .NET Core and front end web development (HTML / CSS / JS). Additional experience in other languages such as PHP, Java, Ruby would be considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID335:
Minimum of 1-3 years of experience creating user-centered designs for large scale websites and/or applications and mobile platforms. 1-3 years of experience creating user-centered designs for large scale websites and/or applications and mobile platforms. 
ScrapedJobID336:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge Responsible for planning and estimation, implementation, testing, deployment, support, documentation, and overall technical ownership of the AEM platform Lead the technical design, development, code reviews, deployment, strong coding standards for efficiency and reuse of Adobe Experience Manager solutions Providing technical guidance and mentorship to the team on software development best practices using clean code, solid architecture and craftsmanship Determining feasibility and scalability of AEM to solve business needs, interacting with business and product owners in order to define technical solutions Integrating RESTful APIs and third-party systems as part of the overall architecture Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 3+ years of Experience in AEM touch UI/modern components 3+ years of Experience in full cycle AEM implementations using version 6.5 (AEM component development, Asset workflow development, Schedulers, Metadata & Tag Management plus integrating AEM with other applications) 2+ years of front-end development using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and React Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required 
ScrapedJobID337:
Develop interactive real-time 3D applications Develop the front end side of web services for products and services Administer CMS systems such as WordPress Develop software, strategies and recommendations for customer and partner projects Experience with client-side web services software development (front end) Experience with responsive web design and mobile compatibility Good knowledge and mastering of one or many programming languages related to web development such as: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, Python, REST, or PHP Graphics design and user experience (UX) skills Experience with content optimization including performance and SEO Creativity and problem solving mind Knowledge of one of following technologies: Angular, React, VueJS Experience with WebGL development Agile best practices knowledge Experience with Git Advanced user experience with Adobe Photoshop et Illustrator Good general programming skills Interest towards 3D computer graphics, photography, digital vision and image processing Flexitime Telework policy Competitive salary Group insurance Banked overtime policy and paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day Public transportation expenses 50% refund Sports expenses 50% refund Referral program Free coffee Bicycle rack Shower Pastry nearby Grocery nearby Parc des Saules nearby Job in the beautiful Capitale-Nationale (Quebec City) Close to major roads (Robert-Bourassa, Félix-Leclerc, Charest, Henri IV) 
ScrapedJobID338:
Applies defined practices / procedures to design, implement, and support individual software projects Analyzes and accurately implements functional and non-functional requirements Designs, codes, tests and maintains deliverables of low to moderate complexity Debugs and troubleshoots software to resolve defects Creates or contributes to clearly documented plans, designs and results Actively seeks assistance as needed but demonstrates learning and growing independence Authors or contributes to technical design documentation, release notes, bug fix documentation Performs and designs testing protocols to ensure that the product is fully tested Delivers adjusted and corrected code based on regular peer reviews Contributes content to technical writers and reviews product documentation of own deliverables Javascript (Node, React, React Native, Next) UI/UX Development (HTML, SCSS) Testing & Web Security Python (Django), Go Docker, AWS You love to collaborate with your teammates and are passionate about creating beautiful, reliable software Willing to contribute what it takes to meet deadlines and deliverables Passion for learning, problem solving and a desire for personal growth Willing to take on additional responsibility to ensure team success Thrives in an environment that fosters constructive debate Knowledge of the real estate or real estate tech industry is a definite plus! BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related software engineering experience 
ScrapedJobID339:
Assisting in developing additional functionality in the anessa products Unit and integration testing of the work completed as it undergoes quality assurance Documentation of work completed including user manuals for the developed modules Estimation of workload and when a designated task will be completed Bachelor of Computer Science or higher. Knowledge of front-end programming languages: JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, Java. Familiarity with Angular, Node.js, MongoDB is an asset. Ability to work independently and in a collaborative group. Ability to work with and understand existing code. A bias for action; knowing how to get tasks done. The ability to prioritize competing tasks and work seamlessly across the team. Bringing creativity and positive energy to the team are big assets! 
ScrapedJobID340:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques clés pour répondre aux besoins des clients pour un produit; Participer à la création de l’architecture conceptuelle de sites web, des applications et autres projets connexes aux technologies du Web; Participer à l’estimation du travail avec l’équipe de développement; Participer à l’élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Prendre en charge l’implémentation de modules Web performants suivant l'architecture mise en place. Participate in defining key technical requirements to meet customer needs for a product; Participate in the creation of conceptual game architecture, online communities, virtual worlds, websites and applications (development and integration); Estimate timelines with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Implement efficient Web modules following the technical design architecture. Diplôme et expérience pertinente; Expérience en intégration web multi-navigateur et mobile; Compétences avec les technologies web de base (HTML, CSS, Javascript); Connaissance de frameworks et outils de développement (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Bilinguisme (Français/Anglais); Connaissances de système de gestion de versions (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Expérience avec un CMS PHP (Drupal, Wordpress, etc) est considéré un atout. Relevant degree and experience; Demonstrated skills in multi-browser and mobile web integration; Knowledge of frameworks and development tools (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Knowledge of version management systems (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Experience with a PHP CMS (Drupal 8+, Wordpress, etc) is considered an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID341:
The CIC NS is one of IBM’s highest performing delivery centres worldwide – for retention, client satisfaction and utilization. Our employees are empowered to stay and grow within IBM. We are very focused on continuous skill development – staff training is our third largest annual Centre investment. Employees are immersed in a culture of learning and constant growth. Investment in key partnership with universities, government and private sector groups which has resulted in IBM having a key influencing role in Nova Scotia’s ICT industry, especially in talent development. Angular Familiarity with Typescript / ES6 knowledge and experience in Redux / RxJS Web Frontend using HTML, CSS3 and Javascript Experience consuming and leveraging restful API’s Written test cases with frameworks like Karma and Jasmine NGRX Responsive Web Responsive UI Dev (Angular JS) Hybrid Mobile - Cordova Web Frameworks - Bootstrap, Material CSS preprocessors - SASS / LESS GIT / Source Control Responsive UI Dev (Angular JS) 
ScrapedJobID342:
Developing and maintain features while working closely with API & Design teams. Ensuring high quality code is delivered on time and on spec. Ownership of frontend code and standards. 5+ years of professional experience in building and designing SaaS based web applications. 2+ Years React JS Experience. 2+ Years HTML/Responsive CSS Experience. Strong coding skills in a variety of front end technologies (Javascript, React, Backbone, JQuery). Deep understanding of promises and REST. Knowledge of React best practices and configuration. Previous experience conducting code reviews and mentoring. Ability to take wireframes or designs and translate them into high quality user interfaces. Experience developing and maintaining automated front end tests (i.e., Jest, Enzyme, Cypress) Ability to read and modify server side code when necessary Demonstrates creativity and takes initiative in solving complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID343:
Developing technology solutions that fully align with business needs and completion deadlines Developing front-end and back-end code for FindHomeCare.ca while integrating with 3rd party services Contributing to the design and architecture of FindHomeCare.ca and related systems and processes Serving as the lead for some features of the FindHomeCare.ca’s ecosystem Improving our code quality, test coverage, and automation processes Providing technical expertise and experience when reviewing wireframes, features and pull requests Proactively improving the security, accessibility, and performance of the platform Participating in troubleshooting and profiling of systems Providing expertise when gathering user feedback Providing regular feedback during solution development to ensure end goals are met effectively Researching and suggesting new technologies, workflows, and methods Knowledge of software engineering best practices and a passion for clean, maintainable code. Ability to provide innovative, cost-effective solutions to complex business problems, from a 'user-first' perspective Demonstrated experience handling multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated experience providing high-quality, respectful support to peers, communities, and stakeholders Outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail - things don't get lost, missed or forgotten when you are around! Strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as listening skills Demonstrated tact and judgment in interpersonal relationships You can work independently in a self-directed environment Ability to understand users' requirements and translate them into actions You are also: Inquisitive, a problem solver, patient, understanding and respectful, highly motivated, and analytical Flexible schedule On-site parking 8 hour shift Saskatoon, SK: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID344:
2 ans d’expérience solide en développement logiciel De l'expérience en développement web (C#, ASP.NET Core) Une connaissance du développement Web front-end en utilisant JavaScript ainsi que les frameworks front-end modernes tels que Angular, React ou Vue.js La conception et le développement de solutions orientées objet n'ont plus de secret pour toi Connaissance et compréhension solides des systèmes de bases de données relationnelles et du langage SQL Un horaire flexible de 37,5h/semaine La possibilité de travailler dans le confort de ta maison, quand le projet le permet évidemment (en télétravail à 100% jusqu’à nouvel ordre, et en moyenne à 50% après la pandémie) Un régime de retraite et un programme d’assurances complet Des congés supplémentaires à Noël! Un stationnement gratuit Événements sociaux. Que dirais-tu de tir à l'arc, de lancer de la hache, ou de jeux vidéo en équipe en télétravail? Et bien plus! A solid 2 years of experience in software development To have enjoyed some experience in web development (C#, ASP.NET Core) To have a knowledge of front-end web development which include but aren’t limited to HTML5, CSS and JavaScript languages or JavaScript framework like Angular, React or Vue.JS Designing and Developing object-oriented solutions hold no secrets for you as you’ve been there and done that Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL language A flexible 37.5 hours/week schedule Ability to work in your comfy clothes from home, well, when the project allows for it of course (working 100% remotely until further notice, and an average of 50% after the pandemic) A comprehensive group insurance plan and retirement savings plan Extra days off at Christmas! Free parking Fun social events. Archery anyone? Or when working remotely, playing video games as a team? And much more! 
ScrapedJobID345:
Analyse business needs ; Participate in the design and development of solutions according to business needs ; Maintain the proper functioning of the application ; Document the technical choices and the various functionalities carried out ; Write effective tests to ensure the stability of the application ; Work within a multidisciplinary team. Energy, commitment and motivation ; Organization and rigor ; Passion to learn new technologies ; Experience in API (Python) and front-end development ; Demonstrate innovation in the solutions developed ; A jack of all trades ready to take on new challenges ; University degree in Computer sciences or equivalent combination of training and experience ; Programming language : Python, Java, HTLM, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax ; Scripting : Bash / Groovy ; Deployment cycle : Jenkins, Git ; 
ScrapedJobID346:
Improve and maintain our internal developer and user facing tool sets and web applications Develop and improve network visualizations, management and configuration dashboards Develop new tools for database user administration and metrics visualization dashboards on engagement and mobile app usage Work with our UX team to draft new designs for our products Apply front-end productization features such as improved security, token handling, session management and other best practices as per OWASP v4.0 spec Experience with ReactJS preferred, but other front-end framework experience is also desirable (Angular, Vue, etc.) Expertise in CSS and modern layouts is key: CSS Grid, Flexbox, SASS/LESS Ability to write responsive layouts/break points and draft designs with our UX team Proficiency with command line tools Expertise with version control with GIT Ability to work cross functionally and own your projects, ticket your own milestones and releases Proficiency in writing and supporting your documentation for the tools you own Ability to ticket and manage your work using Jira Ability to write CSS animations Knowing your way around Docker and Docker Compose Familiarity with Accessibility Best Practices Knowing how to leverage CSS3 for advanced user interface interactions Experience with NodeJS and writing REST APIs Familiarity with OAuth and JSON Web Tokens Skill in developing and maintaining a front-end testing pipeline Experience with Puppeteer to automate UI testing 
ScrapedJobID347:
Writing well-documented, high performance, secure, reliable, testable, and maintainable user interfaces and their supporting components. Create proposals for technical architectures, team processes and procedures, and driving them through to adoption and implementation. Using TDD and writing test automation to validate code working along side a QA test automation engineer. Coaching other developers with regards to code quality, security, testability, maintainability, and solution architecture. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or equivalent. 5+ years of experience developing enterprise-grade software. First-class analytical, diagnostic and problem-solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with UX designers, QA analysts, developers and other stakeholders. Passion to work in an exciting environment and deliver new technologies and products to the marketplace. Ability to learn quickly. Solid experience with modern UI design and development methodologies. Practical knowledge of API security and modern authorization mechanisms, such as OAuth 2.0 and JWT. Experience with Node.js, React.js, Jest, and TypeScript Experience with Git and CI tools Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. 
ScrapedJobID348:
Care about the quality of your team’s work and their success. Care about the quality of products you are building. Are a natural problem solver with a desire for continual self-improvement. Enjoy solving customer’s problems and delivering solutions that make a difference. Will enjoy the challengs of re-engineering a software product and making significant enhancements along the way. Efficiently write high-quality maintainable CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and C# Work as part of and contribute to the success of an Agile team. Work closely with the Product Management and User Experience Design teams to build pixel perfect, user interfaces and experiences. Build out the front-end foundation of new projects. Maintain new and existing projects. Translate user stories and use-cases into functional code and features. Coach and mentor junior team members. Continually improve skills and expand product domain knowledge. Contribute to the hiring process for new developers. Skilled in ASP.NET MVC, including Razor views. Skilled in JavaScript and jQuery. Significant experience writing JavaScript, CSS, HTML, C#. A drive to learn about more modern front-end frameworks, like Vue, React, and Angular. Extensive experience with browser-based debugging. Experience working with REST / OData APIs, or similar. Experience with user interface design and pixel perfect implementations. Keen attention to detail. You have successful experience working in small development teams, and you have been a solo front-end developer on a project at least once in your career. When it comes to your user interface implementation, you feel that “Good” is not enough. You are incredibly detail oriented, care about quality, and finding the best solution to a problem. You have a high degree of autonomy and drive with a customer-first mentality. You have an inquisitive nature, ask questions, and know when to challenge. You have a demonstrable record of becoming a domain expert for the products you have worked on. Experience working on SaaS products. Experience with task runners, such as Grunt or Gulp. Experience with module bundlers, such as Webpack, Parcel or rollup. Experience with package managers, such as npm or yarn. Experience with unit testing frameworks, such as Mocha, Jasmin or Jest At least 5 years’ of experience working with ASP.NET MVC projects in a front-end dominant position; and, Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field; or, 6+ years’ commercial experience as a front-end developer. 
ScrapedJobID349:
Bachelor's Degree At least 8 years of IT industry experience Experience in one or more front-end frameworks such as: Angular, Vue or React Experience in one or more back-end languages such as: Java, C# or Python For Java candidates, experience in Java EE and Spring Boot is required For C# candidates, experience in .NET Core and MVC is required For Python candidates, experience in Flask or Django is required Experience in public cloud platforms such AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Experience in Microservices implementations using Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift Experience in using API Gateways 3 weeks of paid time off to start Extended health care including vision and dental Remote work Flexible schedule Company events Ongoing training and development opportunities RRSP match Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID350:
Prior experience with large scale web sites or highly complex projects A solid understanding of React concepts, components, and workflows A solid understanding of web development concepts such as REST APIs, responsive design, and security Ability to interact well in a team environment Strong organization skills to manage multiple timelines and complete tasks quickly within the constraints of timelines and budgets Ability to work with new technologies while demonstrating drive, adaptability, and creative thinking. Experience with CI/CD Experience with tools like NgRx, Redux, RxJS, Angular CLI and/or NX Experience with NodeJS Experience consuming and developing REST APIs Lead and participate in the design and implementation of React web applications. Work with product team to plan new features, gather requirements, and propose solutions. Interpret business requirements, creates functional specifications, and determine the most efficient/appropriate technologies. Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release, and support) Adhere to standards and best practices. Work to continuously improve software delivery processes and practices. Design, code, and unit test application code using Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices. Establish development best practices and growth of web applications standards. Help foster a culture of innovation and out-of-the box thinking. Front-end development: 5 years (Required) React JS Developer: 3 years (Required)' Willing to learn Blockchain technology and framworks. 
ScrapedJobID351:
Responsible for the design, development, implementation and unit testing of responsive web applications leveraging Java/J2EE. Collaborate with front-end developers Create and update documentation in support of development efforts. Participates in code review with peers and managers Response to trouble/support call for applications in production Become a subject matter expert in 1-2 databases in order to support our platform Strong Java programming skills Background in Linux/Unix administration Familiar with cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Comfortable with an on-call schedule rotation Expertise with any of the following databases-including MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Elastic, Cassandra, SQL server & Oracle 
ScrapedJobID352:
Support the Technical Lead with the architecture, and project designs Participate in the Agile development process Coach the other developers in your team Ensure the implementation of standards and development processes according to industry standards Participate in the development and maintenance of the CRM product line Be on the lookout for technological developments, and help set up new technologies according to the projects Peer programming and code review of other team members Back-end development in Java and NodeJS environment Web Services Development Persistence appliances such as MySQL, Elasticsearch, MongoDB, and/or Redis Teamwork Development in a continuous integration framework Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experience Experience in Agile workflow Experience with the Spring framework Back-end development in a NodeJS environment Front-end development with Javascript stacks such as AngularJS or React Development under a micro-service architecture Familiar with Kubernetes, Docker, and a Cloud infrastructure TDD Development Methodology Version control tools such as Git Located in Griffintown near public transportation Hybrid work: In the office and teleworking Full group insurance from day 1 Unlimited virtual medical clinic for you and your family Flexible hours Computer equipment provided for your home and office Beautiful work environment, open and modern ambiance Social activities, Team dinners, and more! 
ScrapedJobID353:
Responsible for developing and maintaining features for the Beauceron platform by contributing across the whole technical stack in an agile environment. Responsible for working in cross-team projects on new & improving existing features. Responsible for investigating, suggesting solutions, and fixing code bugs and performance issues as required. Responsible for creating and running unit tests. Responsible for documenting solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clear code as required. Responsible for demonstrating the solutions to internal stakeholders. Responsible for keeping your job knowledge up to date by studying development tools, programming techniques, and by participating in educational opportunities and professional organizations. Responsible for accomplishing the Sprint Goal by completing the assigned work in a timely manner, with the expected product and code quality. Contributes to improvements to team operations by recommending changes in policies and procedures during the Sprint Retrospectives. Contributes to defining and utilizing the company standards for coding, attaining to code best-practices for scalability, reuse, UI/UX, performance, and security. Contributes to determining the features feasibility by assessing the original requirements with the Product Owners, providing timely and constructive advice, proposing alternative solutions and estimate work, if required. Supports end-to-end tests, as required. Other duties as assigned. You have professional development experience or education in HTML, JavaScript and CSS. You’re proficient in at least one or more server-side programming languages, for example: Perl, PHP, C#, NodeJS, or Java, etc.​ You are a quick learner and interested in working with different languages as required. You have a good understanding of relational databases and are proficient in SQL.​ You work well independently and as part of a team.​ Nice to have (but not required): Bootstrap, jQuery, REST APIs, Agile/Scrum software development practices, Code Versioning (Git/GitHub), Secure software development methodologies (OWASP Top 10), and Microservices (Docker/Kubernetes)​ Being local is an asset! You’re excited by the opportunity to have ownership over a role and grow with a company. We're a small, tight-knit group that works closely together. We have an excellent health and dental benefits package. 
ScrapedJobID354:
Review existing solutions, projects, and infrastructure to provide recommendations for enhancements and structural improvements. Develop, maintain, and optimize pipelines and engineering projects to ensure continuous operation and improvement. Mature, scale, and automate existing systems and infrastructure. Debug, trace, and profile existing code to ensure uptime and maintainability. Collaborate on new products and pipelines to create technical requirements and develop a solution that meets business functionality. Work with application developers, users, operational leadership, and subject matter experts to understand current and future operational goals. Contribute to all parts of the software development and deployment lifecycle, including design, development, documentation, testing and operations. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience. 2+ years’ experience in Software Engineering or Web Development roles. Ability to develop and debug in Python, PHP, or similar programming language. Comfortable with Git and remote service such as GitHub for version control. Experience working with MySQL or similar relational database systems. Experience with Docker. Experience with AWS or similar cloud service. Experience with CI/CD Pipelines such as CircleCI, Jenkins and GitLab CI. Experience with developing and maintaining large-scale data ETL pipelines. Experience in assessing, developing, troubleshooting, and enhancing RESTful API systems for performance optimization, increased scalability and security, and development standards. Ability to prioritize, communicate well, design for repeatability and scalability, exude ownership, and dig beneath the hood with technology. Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications. Flexibility to both improve what we have in motion and to innovate on new capabilities. Experience with AWS Lambda or similar serverless computing is a plus. Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB is a plus. Experience in IaC tools such as Terraform or CloudFormation is a plus. Proficiency with front-end development in HTML/CSS and JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angularis a plus. Experience with Cloud Networking is a plus. Experience working in an agile Scrum environment is a plus. A consulting and services company which is into product engineering for fortune 500 companies and startups Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Python: 4 years (preferred) PHP: 2 years (preferred) Git: 2 years (preferred) MySQL: 2 years (preferred) Docker: 2 years (preferred) AWS: 2 years (preferred) CI/CD Pipelines- CircleCI, Jenkins and GitLab CI: 2 years (preferred) ETL pipelines: 2 years (preferred) RESTful API: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID355:
Front End Application Development using React TypeScript Test Driven Development Map rendering frameworks such as deck.gl, Leaflet, or MapBox GL JS 
ScrapedJobID356:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi DEC (Souhaité) Node.js: 2 ans (Souhaité) React.js: 2 ans (Obligatoire) TypeScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) JavaScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) Yes 
ScrapedJobID357:
Proficiency using WordPress Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery Experience using debugging tools Strong understanding of front-end and back-end website development Generate clear ideas, concepts, and designs of creative assets Maintain existing WordPress-based website infrastructure, including plugin updates and configuration. Create and implement new page designs in consultation with company leadership. Manage and maintain integration of 3rd-party online ordering platforms into the site Create new digital assets via Adobe Photoshop or similar software Manage the SEO of the company’s online presence. Troubleshoot issues related to the website as required. 
ScrapedJobID358:
Design, develop, test, maintain and enhance software Work with stakeholders to clarify and define feature requirements and take ownership over projects Create solid designs with focus on user experience Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or Science, or equivalent education & experience Strong software development experience in TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML and CSS (4 years+) Solid understanding of writing modular and testable code Experience with NodeJS, Web performance and browser development tools Experience with modern UX frameworks such as Bootstrap and Material Design Experience in a UX/UI Designer role is a huge plus Knowledge of email standards and cryptography is a bonus Experience with Java development and technologies such as Thymeleaf is a big bonus Ability to make an immediate and lasting impact Work in a safe, secure, and positive work environment Work with a talented team of innovative and creative players 
ScrapedJobID359:
Coding, testing, documenting and debugging assigned development tasks to meet acceptance criteria Review and constructively critique code submissions from other squad members Conducts code refactoring at the functional level to make code more testable Guides unit/feature testing creation on existing functions as well as new code Implement product features with limited specifications through engagement with stakeholders Supports other squad members in story estimating and story breakdown as well as their own Create and review proposed test cases and test automation to execute them Identify and communicate potential obstacles in squads plans and define contingency plans Able to break down complex problems into manageable pieces and make progress with moderate supervision of senior team members Solving customer issues on time and suggest possible workarounds, supporting Jr. members with the same Guide others in agile development concepts and participate in our SAFe process Identify your own learning needs and create a plan to pursue them Adopts a positive attitude towards change and continual improvement Prioritizes squad success over individual success 2 to 5 years of working experience Working knowledge of C# and HTML5 Solid understanding of frontend technologies and concepts Must work effectively with others in a team environment Strong development fundamentals Strong written and verbal English communication skills Vue.js, javascript, typescript experience preferred but not required QT/QML considered a benefit French, Swedish languages a plus Experience in AWS Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, or equivalent Flexible hours Hybrid working environment Free parking Strong work-life balance Casual dress code (shorts and jeans welcome!) Competitive flexible group benefits plan RRSP matching program Referral program Rewards and Recognition program Training and Development Support Monthly Lunch and Learns Fitness & Wellness reimbursement Weekly healthy snacks and holiday lunches An active social committee Lunch hour sporting activities (hockey, soccer, volleyball etc.) with a shower on site And much more! Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID360:
From concept to deployment, drive the end-to-end lifecycle of new features in Crescendo’s platforms Contribute to technical decision-making Grow - at Crescendo we believe in continuous improvement, and you’ll be able to use your annual learning budget to develop your skills with courses and conferences You’re comfortable picking up new stacks and choosing the right tool to get the job done. Even better, you’re comfortable with not just one but several technologies from our stack: primarily Node, and Go and Python are an asset You have recent hands-on experience coding and reviewing code, and designing systems and APIs You have experience architecturing secure, reliable systems to power innovative in-app experiences at scale You have experience managing technical debt and feature development to continuously deliver user value without compromising technical quality You have web experience with Progressive Web Apps including React and Typescript You've got experience working with AWS and Kafka or RabbitMQ You’ve got experience working with GraphQL, MongoDB, Postgres and Redis You’ve got experience with modern development technologies (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, etc) You take ownership and feel responsible for the product as a whole You’ve got experience guiding a team through successful architectural and/or technical decisions You’re adaptable - you have experience working on a dynamic product that is ever-changing and evolving rapidly You’re accomplished in your field and have practical experience with a variety of technologies You always write unit and integration tests, and understand that we are only as strong as our weakest link 
ScrapedJobID361:
Front End Application Development using React TypeScript Test Driven Development Map rendering frameworks such as deck.gl, Leaflet, or MapBox GL JS 
ScrapedJobID362:
Responsible for multiple projects and meeting deadlines while working within a collaborative, creative development team Producing big results while maintaining a positive attitude and having fun Creative design abilities – professional look & feel Support Producers, and other Developers to manage client requirements, communications and balance project schedules Research and evaluate a variety of interactive software products Contribute to a culture of excellence around creative use of technology in advertising and marketing Minimum 3+ years of experience in a similar role Excellent front end web development skills (HTML / CSS) Experience using CSS preprocessors such as LESS, Sass Strong understanding of object oriented programming Knowledge of popular JavaScript frameworks/libraries such as React, Vue, WebGL (Three.js, PlayCanvas), Pixi.js, GSAP Knowledge of build systems such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Degree or diploma in computer science or related discipline Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience or an interest in either Snapchat's Lens Studio and/or Spark AR Development with cross-platform frameworks ie. React Native Experience with Web APIs (Google's APIs, Facebook API, Twitter API) Experience with a CMS (Prismic, Contentful, WordPress, etc.) Proficient with some server side development (PHP, Node.js) A good sense of humour never hurts! 
ScrapedJobID363:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID364:

ScrapedJobID365:
Design, Implementation and maintenance of FortiClient web browser related software (Chromebook browser plug-in development). Design, implement, and maintenance of FortiClient web browser related software. Familiar modern web application development processing. Familiar with JavaScript, Typescript, and the popular web framework. Familiar with network protocols (https, http2, etc.) Familiar with browser extension debug technology. Familiar with automation test related tools. Any other programming language skill will be a plus. Degree, diploma or masters in Computer Science or Software Engineering disciplines or relevant years of related experience in similar domain 
ScrapedJobID366:
Design and develop the web interface for new and existing applications using ReactJs/Nodejs. Leverage best practices and monitor performance and advise any necessary application and/or infrastructure changes Help drive transformation by continuously looking for ways to automate existing processes, test, and optimize data quality Explore new capabilities and technologies to drive innovation Create quality mockups and prototypes Write clean code that is maintainable and extensible. Build reusable code and libraries for future use. Optimize web interface for maximum speed and scalability. Monitor for and solve web app performance issues. Support the team for DevOps continuous integration and delivery Extensive experience with React as front-end framework, deep understanding of React.js, Webpack and related libraries for SPA. Knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques front-end development experience with web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other industry standard frameworks. Experience with NodeJs backend and related libraries. Hands-on Knowledge on HTTP network and async AJAX request to micro-services RESTful APIs with JSON. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with code versioning tools (such as Git) and CI/CD concept. A passion for new technologies. A passion for simplifying and automating work, for making things better, for being efficient and helping others. Good communicator with strong written and oral communication skills Experience with event driven SPA sync communication technology, e.g. Kafka and WebSocket. Typescript Development for Cloud base Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID367:

ScrapedJobID368:
Work with other senior developers to plan and refine the app to meet new challenges Write complex UI components, business logic, and supporting systems Follow guidelines for UI accessibility in all development Document all work in Storybook, Readme's, and other sources as applicable Create unit tests for everything you create using Enzyme and Jest Diagnose and fix bugs in all areas of the app Assist with front-end DevOps tasks Mentor and support less experienced developers in all aspects of development Contribute to planning sessions, code reviews, and other team collaboration Participate in all team activities and agile processes: scrum, refining, retrospective, etc. Computer science or development certification, or equivalent experience with complex systems Advanced JavaScript skills, with 5+ years' experience in web application UI development Expert-level knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem, including ES6 and beyond Strong knowledge of CSS tools, like Sass, Less & JSS – we use them all Deep knowledge of software architecture and design patterns Expert-level knowledge of the React library and its ecosystem, with 3+ years' experience Familiar with all aspects of the scrum development process and associated planning tools Experienced using Jira or a similar system to manage work Strong knowledge of Git and workflow control – we use BitBucket Strong technical and personal communication skills, both written and oral Strong test-writing skills with ability to teach Experience building and supporting reusable React components, including open-source Experience with Antd UI library, and/or other open-source libraries like Material UI Familiarity with latest React Router versions, and routing in general Experience with Service Workers, Cache interface, and other common PWA tools Experience with Charting libraries, like d3 and AmCharts Experience with Google Maps and/or other geo-location knowledge Experience with ElasticSearch and building DSL queries Experience with Kibana and customizing it Experience with Redux Saga – a legacy tool being phased out Experience with Ember – a legacy frame-work being phased out Deep knowledge of WebPack, Babel, Grunt, and similar tools Knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, and similar tools Basic dev-ops knowledge, like nginx and its configuration 
ScrapedJobID369:
Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Integrate functionality and data via API calls Client-side data and state management Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Education - Must have a diploma/degree in computer science, geography, geographic analysis or equivalent Experience - A minimum of 2 years of work experience in a geodemography/software development environment. Must also be skilled in the following:
Proficient knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3
Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS
Strong understanding of JavaScirpt / TypeScript, including libraries and frameworks, such as, React, Angular, Vue, etc.
Good understanding of asynchronous request handling.
Experience managing application state, data refresh, etc. Proficient knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Strong understanding of JavaScirpt / TypeScript, including libraries and frameworks, such as, React, Angular, Vue, etc. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling. Experience managing application state, data refresh, etc. Analytical Skills – Effectively researches and synthesizes complex or diverse information; uses intuition and experience to complement data and designs work flows and procedures. Judgment - Displays willingness to make timely decisions, including appropriate people in the decision-making process and exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions. Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities effectively. Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views, giving and welcoming feedback. Puts success of team above own interests and demonstrates ability to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives. Supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity and meets challenges with resourcefulness. Generates suggestions for improving work. Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' agreement. Skills Development – Demonstrates willingness and ability to continuously acquire new technical skills and adapt to emerging software development technologies and practices. Communication Skills – Able to clearly communicate ideas and expectations. Effectively listens for understanding and asks questions for clarification. Presents ideas effectively in both verbal and written form. Interpersonal Skills – Approachable and easy to talk to. Relates well to all kinds of people in the organization. Able to effectively build rapport with others. Uses diplomacy and tact. Maintains composure and shows an ability to resolve conflicts and gain agreement. 
ScrapedJobID370:
Design, development, testing and debugging of front-end and back-end applications. Designing applications from conception to completion. Communicating effectively with the team members on various tasks and projects Contributing to team processes and quality control measures Monitoring, supporting, or enhancing existing applications Other duties as assigned. Knowledge and experience with one or more of the following: JavaScript, .NET, Python, Bash, React, Node.js, C# Time management and multi-tasking ability. Good oral and written communication skills. Ability to work as part of a larger team or independently Knowledge and experience working in Linux environment Web application development experience in a team environment Familiarity with Agile/Scrum software development methodology, unit testing and continuous integration/deployment Familiarity with Amazon Web Services and Docker Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB; big data storage solutions would be an asset Database experience in creating stored procedures and optimizing database queries 
ScrapedJobID371:
5+ years of commercial front-end software development experience using ReactJS or similar front-end framework Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, Modern CSS with PostCSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as Yarn, Babel, Webpack, Rollup, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js Knowledge with AWS Services (S3, CloudFront, Cognito, lambda) & other serverless concepts Experienced with component testing and end-to-end testing with browser automation Experience with automated Jenkins CI/CD pipelines and/or AWS Code Pipeline 
ScrapedJobID372:
Build delightful, usable, and accessible interfaces for a global user base Deliver projects from scoping requirements to actual launch and assume long-term ownership Build reusable FE components that would be leveraged by all apps at Coursera Work with other developers to advance UI frameworks and make front-end development easier, faster, and better for everyone at Coursera! Foster strong working relationships with cross functional partners from design & product Apply your knowledge of accessibility to work cross functionally to ensure an accessible experience for millions of users Take holistic ownership of your work by understanding how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise Ensure you follow best software development practices including but not limited to unit testing, code reviews and documentation Bring thoughtful perspectives, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to take on problems at scale Communicate effectively (both written and oral) with colleagues at all levels of the organization Bachelors in computer science or relevant experience Proficiency in the core technologies of the web: Javascript, HTML, and CSS, experience in at least one modern UI framework (e.g. AngularJS, ReactJS, etc), and experience in building large-scale web applications Proficiency in implementing responsive web designs and writing FE unit and integration tests Fervent belief in engineering quality and building technical leverage for others Comfortable working in a fast-moving team environment (we deploy many times a day!) Data-driven and strongly motivated by success and learnings through experiments and metrics analysis 
ScrapedJobID373:
Create responsive and custom WordPress websites using Elementor page builder as a foundation, and able to tailor the rest of the site to match mockups Upload festival program content to our website using WordPress platform Optimize SEO of WordPress websites Recommend and implement website performance improvements Development, debugging and maintenance of existing and new WordPress web projects Check website content for accuracy Proofread and edit the text before publishing Assist with delivery of event content and programming, archival coverage, and other event specific tasks during event days Strong HTML5, CSS3, PHP, MySQL, JQuery skills Experience with servers / hosting Ability to work very closely with designers and respect pixel perfect design Aesthetically inclined and an appreciation for good design Having hands-on experience creating wireframes by using Adobe XD is an asset Knowledgeable on current best practices and trends in user experience/user interfaces Strong time management ability to meet changing priorities while meeting strict deadlines Experience working in a highly collaborative environment Strong detail-oriented and organized Yes 
ScrapedJobID374:
Intermediate to senior experience with JavaScript, TypeScript, React, CSS, and other frontend technologies and frameworks. Intermediate to senior experience developing, deploying, and maintaining responsive, single page apps. Intermediate to senior experience debugging, optimizing, and testing (unit/regression/cross-browser) responsive, single page apps. Experience with SOA and REST APIs The type of work. Challenging, stimulating and meaningful work. New and relevant tech stack. We know engineers/developers especially want to work on hard technical and innovative problems. The inspiration from skilled and proven leaders. Entrepreneurial fingerprints on what will be a future billion dollar company anchored in Canada. Culture, team, and the work environment. High degree of autonomy and accountability. High degrees of transparency and high quality communication. Builders Intellectually Curious Ambitious Objective Oriented Supportive Check us out! We gather compensation benchmarking data across BC and Canada’s Tech Industry, and use that data to build a range for our current team and future talent based on skill, capabilities and potential. These positions can range from $85,000-$140,000 CDN based on level of experience, skill, and capacities. So there is always continued conversation around compensation. Benefits. We currently have extended health benefits. Vacation. Unlimited Vacation. We want the team to prioritize wellness and avoid burnout. We want to also give individuals autonomy to choose how and when they take vacation. We understand and respect that everyone’s needs for time off are different, just like our team. Vacation usually falls into 3 categories: recharging, life-event, keeping a work-life balance. just ensure the required work gets done and clear it with your team in advance. In practice we usually see our teams take anywhere from 2-4 weeks a year, and Klue always takes a reasonable approach so we can all continue to benefit from flexibility. Work-life integration: Hybrid work model, flexible working schedules, and a global team. 
ScrapedJobID375:
3-5 years of Software development experience using web technologies Highly skilled in JavaScript and React framework – at least 1-2 years of experience with React Experience with or willingness and ability to learn Jutro, Guidewire’s design system Experience with CSS, SASS, and other look-and-feel technologies Experience with automated unit testing using Jest/Enzyme or similar frameworks Exposure to server-side technologies (JSON/RPC, REST) Ability to travel for onsite work. Able to demonstrate experience with building web/mobile services and single-page applications Collaboration with UX designers Effective communication and collaboration skills Highly motivated, result-driven, and tenacious problem solver Strong English skills Insurance industry experience Exposure to Invision, Sketch, or other UX prototyping tools Languages other than English is a plus 
ScrapedJobID376:
Design and Development - Perform and coordinate complex application programming activities. Design the application's technical infrastructure using specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches. Lead the design and development of cost-effective and innovative solutions. Strategic Planning - Develop multi-year technology roadmaps that align with the bank’s vision, strategy, and business objectives. Lead multiple complex projects involving backend systems, new technology, and the enhancement of existing applications. Leveraging technology - Become a technology expert. Share your knowledge by introducing clients to our mobile banking applications, enabling them to better manage their banking needs. You can demonstrate experience: Minimum 3 years of C# / .Net development with Test Driven Development experience (TDD, ATDD or BDD). Ideally, you have experience with: SQL Server, MVC, XML, RESTful API and Unit Testing, Azure DevOps. It’s an asset if: You have Agile Development knowledge and have had exposure to SSIS, SSRS, .Net Core, Microservices and SOLID design principles knowledge would also be beneficial. You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID377:
Take ownership and responsibility for successful delivery of features Follow coding standards and best practises. Write unit tests Assess risks, scope, and obstacles of front-end integration early on in a project Use Chrome Dev Tools to debug performance Understand and empathize with clients, users, and stakeholders to ensure our solutions are valuable and relevant Share insights and lessons learned with your team, and actively participate in scrum ceremonies Self-manage assigned work within given timelines in an agile environment 3+ years of experience developing front-end solutions for large-scale SaaS applications Exceptional Angular skills, with proven experience on at least one large-scale project Proficiency in using ES6/Typescript to write modular code A diverse portfolio of projects that demonstrates advanced knowledge of CSS/HTML layout and hand-coded JavaScript/AJAX development skills Well-versed in one or more front-end build tools (npm, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack, systemsJs) Working knowledge of accessibility standards for WCAG 2.0 (Level AA) and US Section 508 compliance Experience with GIT version control Creativity and flexibility in using various technologies to solve human problems Background in UX, Graphic Arts, HCI, Information Architecture, or Agile an asset A link to your online portfolio or GitHub repository included in your application Have the ability to write readable and reusable code, following SOLID principles and other guidelines Focus on understanding long-term goals and minimizing technical debt Be proficient in using processes such as test-driven development, continuous integration, and continuous deployment to ensure code is released quickly and with confidence Use systems thinking and mindfulness to develop a deep understanding of how individual modules align with the entire product Commit to building quality products, and a willingness to take ownership for performance and security Be eager to learn from mistakes and embrace the fail fast philosophy Be an energizing and positive contributor to the team culture Continuously learn, grow, and share knowledge with teammates four weeks vacation employer-paid health and dental benefits monthly social activities opportunity to work with leading edge technologies flexible work arrangements a commitment to continuous learning and growth opportunities - we invest heavily in our people through internal/external training and mentoring. flexible work arrangements that include work from home 28 days annual leave (inc. 3 days at Christmas) + bank holidays. With additional annual leave days added to reward long service monthly social activities opportunities to work with leading technologies a commitment to continuous learning and growth opportunities - we invest heavily in our people through internal/external training and mentoring. 
ScrapedJobID378:
A technical degree (computer science, mathematics, statistics, or physics), or equivalent work experience as a software developer Experience with statically-typed languages Experience with a Web development framework such as React (preferred), Angular, or Vue.js Three years of work experience in a front end web development role Experience with a JavaScript typing framework such as TypeScript or Flow, or typed languages that compile to JavaScript Experience with or interest in data wrangling/processing An interest in user experience and design process Experience developing in programming languages such as Rust, Python, or Go Experience with data visualization and geospatial analysis A passion and interest in government issues, urban planning, urban informatics, community development, mobility and urban development. You want to make the world a better place! The opportunity to work on cutting edge architecture and front-end design The opportunity to develop skills and work collaboratively across multiple domains Travel opportunities across Canada and the United States and even overseas, to visit clients and present at conferences We entrust our team members with the responsibility to make executive decisions and liaise with clients to make decisions Professional development and continuous learning is supported both with time and financially, with cross-learning within the team constant A tight-knit team that enjoys working together in a fun and informal environment Competitive salary, benefits and stock options Influence and input over the outcomes of ongoing projects; a sense of ownership over your work 
ScrapedJobID379:
Deliver high-quality code while adhering to web development best practices Plan and build new features based on the product roadmap Contribute new ideas to deliver the best possible user experience Create and maintain the application on multiple platforms based on customers' requests Work with other talented Front and Backend Developers, QA Analysts, Scrum Masters, Product Owners, Business Analysts, Product and UX Designers to create, scale, and deliver new features and services across web, Android and iOS applications Experience with Vue.JS, React, Angular or similar JavaScript frameworks Experience with NativeScript is a plus Experience working in HTML, CSS, with a passion for front-end interfaces Understanding of responsive design and fluid layout Experience using grid-based frameworks such as Bootstrap Understanding of web services, Service-Oriented Architectures and experience interacting with backend teams and third-party APIs Nice-to-have, but not required: experience in PHP and MySQL Great communication and interpersonal skills Independent, energetic, and capable of driving for results under pressure and ambiguity Comprehensive health and dental plans from day 1 An Employer Assistance Program Telemedicine 24/7 Matching for your RRSP contributions Long-term access to teleworking One paid volunteer day a year One additional day of vacation per year of service Referral bonuses When we are not working remotely, access to a recently-renovated office in Montreal including a mini-gym, massage chairs, snacks and gourmet coffee everyday Team building activities, even at a distance, and celebration of professional and personal accomplishments 
ScrapedJobID380:
Graduated (or will be graduating) between 2020 and September 2022 Have an Associate’s Degree, College Diploma, Bachelor’s Degree, or Master’s Degree (Exception: The Associates Program does not accept MBA or PhD candidates/graduates) Have maximum 2 years of full-time, professional work experience Are within commuting distance of Toronto/Calgary/Ottawa, with flexibility to travel 80-100% of the time Are eligible to work in Canada without current or future need for visa sponsorship Toronto Calgary Ottawa Work in an agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements and design, code, and test innovative applications Use IBM Enterprise Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience, along with high performance, security, quality, and stability Create everything from mock-ups and UI components to algorithms and data structures as you deliver a minimally viable product Define, detail, and scope technical requirements into solution architecture and drive independent projects from an architectural standpoint Integrate software packages, programs, and reusable objects residing on multiple platforms Help maintain and improve code quality, organization, and automation Demonstrated programming proficiency and experience with at least one programming language, preferably Java or JavaScript Experience with systems design and development Knowledge of software development lifecycle Flexibility to work across architecture, building both front-end and back-end Knowledge of modern web and mobile frameworks (e.g. Angular, React.js, Node.js, iOS Swift, Android) Exposure to Cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud) is an asset Exposure to deploying applications with container technology (e.g. Docker) and container orchestration technology (e.g. Kubernetes, RedHat OpenShift) is an asset Ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions Ability to thrive in an ever-changing, technology-based consulting environment, using agile development techniques 
ScrapedJobID381:
Develop, and test UI for web applications Build reusable code and libraries for future use Speak up when something can be done better Be a partner to ensure the technical feasibility of UX designs 5+ years of experience building responsive web interfaces that are mobile-ready using JS frameworks. At least 2 years experience shipping sites with React Have a strong understanding of accessibility guidelines Can spot misaligned pixels/components a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Familiarity with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID382:
Building modular and reusable components and libraries Working with our team to decide priority on features and generate new ideas Optimizing your application for performance Staying up-to-date with all recent developments in the JavaScript and Vue.js space Keeping an eye on security updates and issues found with Vue.js and all project dependencies Proposing any upgrades and updates necessary for keeping up with modern security and development best practices 2+ years of professional experience in front end development 1+ year of recent experience with Vue.js framework and its core principles such as components, reactivity, and the virtual DOM Good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3 Proficiency with the JavaScript language and its modern ES6+ syntax and features Experience with material design and data visualization is an asset Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful / RPC APIs Proficiency with modern development tools, like Babel, Webpack, and Git English skills (ability to effectively communicate via written and spoken english). You work well within a team environment and enjoy working in the office with your colleagues. Any Experience related to CI/CD, DevOps, Automated testing, and Data Analysis is considered an asset. Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID383:
Analyse business needs ; Participate in the design and development of solutions according to business needs ; Maintain the proper functioning of the application ; Document the technical choices and the various functionalities carried out ; Write effective tests to ensure the stability of the application ; Work within a multidisciplinary team. Energy, commitment and motivation ; Organization and rigor ; Passion to learn new technologies ; Experience in API (Python) and front-end development ; Demonstrate innovation in the solutions developed ; A jack of all trades ready to take on new challenges ; University degree in Computer sciences or equivalent combination of training and experience ; Programming language : Python, Java, HTLM, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax ; Scripting : Bash / Groovy ; Deployment cycle : Jenkins, Git ; 
ScrapedJobID384:
Design, develop, and deploy eCommerce core capabilities and enable on banner sites using third-party solutions. Work with stakeholders, product managers, designers and business units to execute the roadmap and support the multiple banners. Perform coding, debugging, testing and troubleshooting throughout the development application process. Site updates, API integrations, integration library, templating, support front end and back-end improvements, and quickly resolve site issues. Ensure consistently excellent performance on all major devices and browsers, including fast load times & bug-free core functionality. Implementing third-party solutions & apps including search, content and asset management, pricing, promotion and inventory. Conduct peer code reviews. 5+ years’ experience as a web developer Strong foundation of eCommerce platforms Experience building resilient, scalable and reliable services with high performance and speed. Experience with HTML, CSS, React, JavaScript, Ruby on Rails, TypeScript, Vue.js. Support front end and backend and quickly resolve site issues. Up to date with the latest digital marketing, content management and eCommerce trends and applications. Comfortable working in an Agile methodology with SCRUM teams Experience Revision Control Systems (Bitbucket) Experience with JIRA and Confluence Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently Knowledge of retail ecommerce Proficient in Shopify, Shopify JS APIs, API integrations, integration library, and Liquid templating language. Experience in developing an e-commerce solution (Shopify, Magento, hybris etc) Must be a self-motivated individual who takes pride in delivering high quality work Maintains excellent communication of project updates Strong verbal and written communication skills Well organized and professional 
ScrapedJobID385:
React Kubernetes Docker Java Spring Boot Kafka Keycloak CI/CD Microsoft Azure Rancher etc. Travailler quotidiennement avec les autres membres d’une équipe de développement avec la méthodologie Agile Scrum; Participer à l’architecture, à l'analyse, au design et à l’implémentation des composantes logicielles ; Développer du code robuste, performant et testé automatiquement avec une approche CI/CD. Une assurance complète très « rassurante d’esprit » (individuel ou familiale) payé par NOUS Liberté dans tes dates de vacances Congés payés pendant le temps des fêtes Un REER collectif avec contribution de notre part 7 journées maladie par année 1 journée de congé mobile et 364 jours de flexibilité Un programme de reconnaissance par les pairs Des activités sociales variées et ben le fun Et bien sûr, du café! Le genre masculin n'est qu'utilisé afin d'alléger le texte. React Kubernetes Docker Java Spring Boot Kafka Keycloak CI/CD Microsoft Azure Rancher etc. Work daily with other members of a development team using the Agile Scrum methodology; Participate in the architecture, analysis, design and implementation of software components; Develop robust, high-performance and automatically tested code with a CI/CD approach. A complete insurance (individual or family) paid by us Freedom in your vacation days Paid vacations during the holiday season A group RRSP with our contribution 7 sick days per year 1 floating vacation day and 364 days of flexibility A peer recognition program A variety of fun social activities And of course, coffee! No 
ScrapedJobID386:
Analyze, modify, write, and implement software code related to the creation and maintenance of software applications and services Create software requirement documentation, software design analysis and implementation Design and produce screens and workflows that support collection and display of complex information in an easy-to-understand fashion Analyze code and application execution for optimization and performance tuning Produce accurate software implementation estimates and delivers upon agreed schedule Provide input for the development and ongoing maintenance of technical documentation Collaborate with other engineers to provide the best solution possible that conforms to best engineering practices, including writing of unit tests and code reviews Contribute to ongoing improvements to the development process A degree in Engineering, Information Technology, or a related discipline Minimum 5+ years with a proven track record of developing and maintaining applications in an enterprise or commercial environment Expert knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Proficient in building web applications using React and other UI libraries Proven experienced with C#, and ASP.NET Experience with data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems fundamentals Experience with relational databases, including SQL Server We provide opportunities for career-growth within a fast-scaling company We offer flexible remote work arrangements We offer an extensive benefits plan We offer opportunities for continuous training and professional development (in-house and external) to learn the latest technologies We offer our employees a profit-sharing plan that provides them with the benefits of their hard work We are heavily involved in the community and join various events of non-profit organizations We pride ourselves on our company culture (our last Employee Survey resulted in a score of 100% in inclusiveness and diversity) 
ScrapedJobID387:
Develop modern front-end solutions using best practices Implement and maintain new high-quality features Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies Mentor and advise the whole front-end team Angular 12 (TypeScript) Go back-end servers Azure / Kubernetes NoSQL, MongoDB, ArangoDB, Redis Bitbucket Experience in Angular development (or similar experience) Good communication skills Experience with version control management, Atlassian Suite Proactive, motivated, detail oriented The ideal candidate is exceptionally detail-oriented and derives joy from bringing rigor, structure, and organization to large datasets, complex systems, and intricate analyses; You derive satisfaction from thoroughly and thoughtfully describing a system for both technical and non-technical audiences; Superlative organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills; A flexible attitude to job roles as well as a willingness to contribute wherever needed. The ideal candidate will take full ownership of their core responsibilities, and will be comfortable with those responsibilities evolving with the changing needs of the company; Ability to contribute in a multidisciplinary team as a strong team player, focused on delivering results against multiple deadlines in a fast-paced growing environment. 
ScrapedJobID388:
4+ years of serious web development experience with JavaScript/TypeScript, and a JS framework such as VueJs, React, or Angular A proven track record of building component/design libraries Skilled with CSS/SASS Experience with TDD and front-end testing frameworks such as Jest In-depth understanding and experience with JS bundlers (eg. Webpack, Gulp, Rollup) Good understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git / Mercurial / SVN 
ScrapedJobID389:
Backend: Python, Django (uWSGI +Nginx), Celery (migrating from RQ), pandas + NumPy (financial functions), Pytest Database: PostgreSQL (with streaming replication) Front-end: Vue.js, jQuery, Sass (bundling with Webpack 4) Financial reports: Apache Superset Deployment and automation: Docker, Docker-compose, fabric, saltstack Python/Django professional Team player Proactive, focused, problem solver Vocal about any issues/troubles encountered Confident English is a must (both written and spoken) to communicate with customers Developing new features Upgrading application stack Supporting legacy applications Unifying architecture for multiple customers (SaaS) Improving application performance Refactoring old code Integrating with 3rd party API/services ranging from SMS/Voicemail messaging to bureau agencies providing financial data for customers The friendliest community of like-minded IT-people Open knowledge-sharing environment – exclusive access to a rich pool of colleagues willing to share their endless insights into the broadest variety of modern technologies Mobilunity Medical Insurance program designed to attend our teams’ needs Paid vacations and sick leaves, including 5 paid days per year that don’t require a sick note Fair salary and 100% taxes coverage – don’t worry about possible taxes raise – we will get you covered Perfect office location in the city-center (900m from Lukyanivska metro station with a green and spacious neighborhood) or remote mode engagement: you can choose a convenient one for you, with a possibility to fit together both No open-spaces setup – separate rooms for every team’s comfort and multiple lounge and gaming zones on all of the 3 floors English classes in 1-to-1 & group modes with elements of gamification Neverending fun: sports events, tournaments, music band, multiple affinity groups 
ScrapedJobID390:
2+ years of experience building back-end applications using Java 5+ years of experience building front-end and Single Page Applications using ReactJS, Write effective APIs Experience with Spring Boot, Servlets/JSP, Hibernate Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS / SASS / Typescript / Next.js, JSON, JavaScript, XML, jQuery) Experience with Test Automation (Cypress) Experience with Unit Testing (Jest) Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Good understanding with Micro-services architecture Good Understanding of Docker Write technical documentation Worked with MSSQL (stored procedures, views and triggers) Experience Working with Azure Devops – CI/CD Pipeline Experience working with SHOPIFY platforms. Good understanding of Kubernetes Relevant university or college education or comparable experience You are familiar with Agile/Scrum methodologies Experience working with platforms like MAGENTO. Be part of a growing business Comprehensive benefits plan (health, dental, vision) Generous product discounts Free weekly classes at Ride Cycle Club Monthly company lunches Kitchen stocked with coffee and tea Modern, casual, and open office with views of downtown Vancouver and mountains Competitive salaries Professional development opportunities Work from Home during COVID-19 or in office 
ScrapedJobID391:
Build out the front end for website and web applications Interact with WASM to draw and handle events 5+ years of experience with JavaScript Experience with modern web design and development tools and paradigms Familiarity with modern mobile browser technologies Familiarity with WASM Familiarity with WebGL Experience in building consumer or social products from the ground up Competitive salary, at home perks and participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID392:
Develop and support computer applications; Participate in the development of the architecture and design; Team up with project managers for functional analysis and customer challenges; Be aware of business needs and the achievement of objectives at each stage of the project; Apply and improve internal design and programming methods; Evaluate the impact of proposed solutions on existing systems to ensure that they will increase productivity and collaboration between teams and studios; Analyze the features of the systems to ensure that they meet the needs and are reliable; Be on the lookout for new techniques and propose development tools; Plan tasks, manage risks and impacts of developments; Communicate the progress of the work with the project manager, his superiors and with the internal client; Diagnose and resolve technical problems in applications; Develop reports; Perform any other related tasks. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or equivalent). Minimum of 5 years experience in : C# programming, Javascript, ASP.NET Core MVC, Unit testing (NUnit or other), MS SQL. Experience in workplace quality assurance and customer service. Experience with CICD: Teamcity, Jenkins, Linux operating system; and with multiple environments:SQA, UAT, PROD. Basic knowledge of bugs (Jira, BugTracker), Source Control tools (e.g. Perforce, GIT), Agile methods, specifically Scrum, and the different stages of deployment (SQA, UAT, PROD). Master problem solving. Demonstrate creativity, autonomy. Be customer oriented. Master process management. Ability to adapt easily. Bilingual in written and spoken English and French. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID393:
Responsible for developing and maintaining features for the Beauceron platform by contributing across the whole technical stack in an agile environment. Responsible for working in cross-team projects on new & improving existing features. Responsible for investigating, suggesting solutions, and fixing code bugs and performance issues as required. Responsible for creating and running unit tests. Responsible for documenting solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clear code as required. Responsible for demonstrating the solutions to internal stakeholders. Responsible for keeping your job knowledge up to date by studying development tools, programming techniques, and by participating in educational opportunities and professional organizations. Responsible for accomplishing the Sprint Goal by completing the assigned work in a timely manner, with the expected product and code quality. Contributes to improvements to team operations by recommending changes in policies and procedures during the Sprint Retrospectives. Contributes to defining and utilizing the company standards for coding, attaining to code best-practices for scalability, reuse, UI/UX, performance, and security. Contributes to determining the features feasibility by assessing the original requirements with the Product Owners, providing timely and constructive advice, proposing alternative solutions and estimate work, if required. Supports end-to-end tests, as required. Other duties as assigned. You have professional development experience or education in HTML, JavaScript and CSS. You’re proficient in at least one or more server-side programming languages, for example: Perl, PHP, C#, NodeJS, or Java, etc.​ You are a quick learner and interested in working with different languages as required. You have a good understanding of relational databases and are proficient in SQL.​ You work well independently and as part of a team.​ Nice to have (but not required): Bootstrap, jQuery, REST APIs, Agile/Scrum software development practices, Code Versioning (Git/GitHub), Secure software development methodologies (OWASP Top 10), and Microservices (Docker/Kubernetes)​ Being local is an asset! You’re excited by the opportunity to have ownership over a role and grow with a company. We're a small, tight-knit group that works closely together. We have an excellent health and dental benefits package. 
ScrapedJobID394:
Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers Build efficient, testable, and reusable PHP modules Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Integration of data storage solutions Integration of 3rd party API's to the build. Front-end development (Bootstrap, HTML, CSS) Laravel 6+ WordPress development (Custom functions, theming, custom post types, custom plugins, user authentication) PHP SDKs & APIs (single sign-on, authentication) AWS Cognito (authentication) Building a frontend from a prototype HTML/CSS Monday to Friday PHP: 1 year (required) Laravel 6: 1 year (required) Bootstrap: 1 year (required) HTML/CSS: 1 year (required) WordPress: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID395:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID396:
A burning passion for creating beautiful Web UIs using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS; and a familiarity with the limitations of various browsers and devices; you care about repaints, reflows, framerates and hardware acceleration. Laser focus on consistent delivery of elegant, efficient and reusable JavaScript code that is easy for others to maintain and use. An obsession with code quality and can deep knowledge of the state-of-the-art techniques you are employing to get there; you have an opinion on Mocha and other JS test frameworks. An intolerance for ugly web pages and bad UIs – you can show us examples of things you have fixed and/or would fix if given the opportunity. Experience with and an opinion on things like Angular, Node, JQuery and Typescript. An understanding and appreciation of the purpose and the practices of Agile; accompanied with the skills to deliver reliably and effectively on a sprint cadence; preferably across time zones. Pride in your work — show us some things you are proud of (products, websites, code samples) – please include a link to such in your application. 
ScrapedJobID397:
Write web applications in Javascript, HTML, CSS that are heavily dependent on VueJS and GWT Accountable for delivering assigned development tasks and take ownership in order to deliver on time Translate provided designs and style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance; Scope and estimate the development and testing effort for user stories Perform automated testing (Unit, Integration and End to End) within an iterative agile environment Share knowledge with the team by participating in Code Reviews and Pair Programming Participate in all agile ceremonies (standups, planning, training, backlog refinement, reviews, retrospectives) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related Software Engineering discipline or equivalent experience Experience in Front-End development with frameworks like Angular, VueJS, GWT or React Experience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. Knowledge of Object Oriented Programming Efficient in data structures Experience in REST Service interaction Team Spirit Good Communicator Open Minded, able to think within and out of the box Ability to take ownership of task and projects 
ScrapedJobID398:
Work with Product Manager to ideate, build and iterate web features Design and build responsive, performant, scalable and search engine friendly eCommerce websites with cutting-edge technologies Collaborate with other developers in the team as part of strengthening our systems and processes Take ownership of your area from start to finish and write highly efficient programs Improve localized experiences of international users with different cultures, languages and preference 3+ years of experience delivering high-performance, public-facing, responsive and mobile-friendly internet websites with demonstrative business impact Mastery of web fundamentals including HTTP, Javascript, HTML and CSS Proficient in TypeScript, React/Redux/Next.js or Vue/Vuex/Nuxt.js Experience with modern web development including build tools, testing and CI/CD Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them Understanding of website optimization techniques such as SSR, CDN, and web-caching techniques Self-motivated, relentlessly focused on impact, and able to operate under a great deal of independence Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience Bonus: Experience with A/B testing 
ScrapedJobID399:

ScrapedJobID400:
Create, code and implement web-based user interfaces for FortiManager/FortiAnalyzer. Write reusable code and libraries for both server and front-end codes(full stack). Enhance and optimize web user interface for best performance and scalability. Collaborate with graphic designers and backend development teams to construct and implement the front-end interfaces. Bridge the gap between technical implementation and customers’ scenarios, always pay attention to useability details. Self-test completed features before passing job to release QA team. Proficient with one or multiple JavaScript framework/libraries such as React, Redux, JQuery, AngularJS, VueJS etc. Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. Hands-on coding experience with Python or C++ Strong analysis, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. A collaborative personality, highly responsible and enjoy working in a team-oriented environment. Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent experience. 
ScrapedJobID401:
You will lead teams, often composed of client and Deloitte resources, to deliver software that drives meaningful value and change for our clients. You will focus on building out digital experiences primarily for the browser, using industry standard technologies and tools, and in conjunction with peers across disciplines such as creative, UI / UX, back-end service development and agile delivery. You will have a history as a senior developer, and will feel very comfortable translating technical concepts to a variety of audiences. On top of regular delivery work, you provide our clients with advice on digital change, identifying technical debt and recommending improvements to architecture. Mentor junior members of the team and participate in code reviews to help them grow inside the team. Meaningfully contribute to agile ceremonies including grooming, planning, scrums, retrospectives. Over time, build out insights and knowledge of the industries that we work Bachelor or higher degree combined with around six years of post-graduate experience, preferably including client-facing consulting role(s); Experience producing web / mobile / enterprise solutions in a professional development environment; Experience leading a team, working with others to solve problems, sharing knowledge and can help grow and mentor junior developers; Comfort with managing budgets and participating in sales pursuits; A passion for digital transformation and technology; Ideally you have worked on project in which you integrated this front-end savviness with front-office systems (e.g. Salesforce, Adobe Experience, SAP Hybris); Experience in agile development environments, including ceremonies such as backlog refinement and spring planning; You have the ability to work independently as well as in a highly collaborative team-setting; You balance logical problem solving with innovative thinking; You like building positive client and peer relationships by developing an understanding of customer's business and project scope and can translate business requirements into technical requirements; You can contribute positively to team culture, with a focus on inclusion and diversity; Resolving conflicts and escalations; Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills (English and/or French) Hold enhanced reliability clearance with the Government of Canada (or be eligible). You write ES6 JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3 code. You can tell us all about the strengths and weaknesses of React, Vue, Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, Pug and Handlebars. In short, front-end is your expertise. You have experience translating designs and wireframes into high quality, responsive websites with performance and accessibility in mind You love optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers (browser testing and accessibility testing) You have worked with Webpack, Parcel, Gulp, Browserify and the Command Line Interface (CLI) is your best friend; You know and understand git and have lots of experience with Bitbucket, Github and how they integrate with tools such as Jira. Knowledge of comparable source control tools (e.g SVN) are also valuable. You can build reusable and maintainable components (Angular, React) and front-end UI libraries for rapid development. You are familiar with RESTful APIs and have knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token You have used a TDD approach for unit tests and know what the best tools are for the task; You have an interest in technology beyond the web, such as back-end development (e.g. Rails, Python, Java, NodeJS), design (e.g. UX expertise, Photoshop, Sketch), cloud technologies (Amazon AWS, Firebase, Azure), microservices, iOS development, etc You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID402:
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document programs primarily in C# Analyze, architect, develop, design and implement solutions for our clients based on industry needs. Solve, design and write code for existing clients and products. Take ownership of codebase and suggest design improvements for refactoring. Work with stakeholders to implement client requested features and extend our product functionality. Assist in architecture of new product components. Work within Agile teams and attend standups where you will report findings and your currently active tasks. Work with front end developers to build high quality client solutions Create RESTFUL web services for web based applications Work with multiple products and projects. Communicate openly and optimally with team lead, project management members and any other partners within the project team Skills, Experience and Qualifications 5+ years of hands-on .NET development experience (C# preferred, .NET Core Experience Preferred) 7+ years of practical development experience Demonstrated ability with design patterns including but not limited to proven, Serverless and Micro Services 4+ years of product design 4+ years of database experience. 3+ Experience crafting and deploying secure WebAPIs Phenomenal problem-solving skills, extensive experience debugging and evaluating existing code Experience with MS SQL Server, T-SQL Experience with high availability web applications. Experience with SPAs like Angular, Vue.js. Experience with ASP.NET MVC. Experience with Agile team 
ScrapedJobID403:
Develop new user-facing features. Build reusable code and libraries for future use adhering to best practices Working alongside UX team member, the Backend team, Operations, and other teams to iterate on new features. Write unit tests and think in a test-driven way Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize modules for maximum speed and scalability Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Ensuring code security and compliance Collaborating in testing, validation along with QAs Planning and adhere to roadmap Fixing software bugs & defects 5+ years of professional web development experience Proficient in Vanilla JavaScript, its quirks, and best practices Excellent understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 Excellent understanding of synchronous and asynchronous request and promise handling Excellent understanding of browser rendering behavior and performance Excellent understanding of ECMAScript 5 and ECMAScript 6 Excellent understanding of cross-browser and legacy compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues Basic understanding of CSS pre-processing such as LESS and SASS Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as Vue.JS, Angular, React, or Ember etc. Some experience in DOM and Web Browser internals such as fetch, how to affect responsibly the DOM, and related performance affecting elements running on the client. Good understanding of Git Good understanding of Node.js and build tools (Gulp, Webpack) Understanding of adaptive video, virtual reality, and live streaming Basic understanding of TypeScript. Experience with test and mocking techniques (such as Behavior-Driven Development) and tools such as Jest, Mocha, etc. 
ScrapedJobID404:
Collaborate with tech, design, and product to implement and build a new kind of e-commerce and wedding planning experience Manage and contribute code to large scale projects from inception to completion Identify and remedy performance bottlenecks Demonstrate and advocate best practices for front-end engineering Understand tradeoffs between design and performance 5+ years of user facing frontend experience Proficiency with React or similar JavaScript framework Ability to work both independently and collaboratively Excellent communication skills Strong understanding of cross-browser compatibility and the ability to debug issues BS and/or MS in Computer Science or related degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID405:
Improve the speed and overall quality of the internal operational software and app by writing JavaScript Architect, build and deploy internal features using NodeJS and React Native Assist in defining and implementing new features from prototype to delivery Partner with our in-house designer to craft beautiful and responsive user interfaces Minimum of an undergraduate degree in a related field (e.g. maths, engineering, software) Perfect fluency with JavaScript Experience with web development frameworks such as React and/or React Native Solid front end development skills (CSS/SCSS) Experience with cloud-hosted architectures a definite plus (SQL and RESTful APIs) Mobile development experience is an asset (IOS or Android) 
ScrapedJobID406:
Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers Build efficient, testable, and reusable PHP modules Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Integration of data storage solutions Integration of 3rd party API's to the build. Front-end development (Bootstrap, HTML, CSS) Laravel 6+ WordPress development (Custom functions, theming, custom post types, custom plugins, user authentication) PHP SDKs & APIs (single sign-on, authentication) AWS Cognito (authentication) Building a frontend from a prototype HTML/CSS Monday to Friday PHP: 1 year (required) Laravel 6: 1 year (required) Bootstrap: 1 year (required) HTML/CSS: 1 year (required) WordPress: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID407:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID408:
A burning passion for creating beautiful Web UIs using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS; and a familiarity with the limitations of various browsers and devices; you care about repaints, reflows, framerates and hardware acceleration. Laser focus on consistent delivery of elegant, efficient and reusable JavaScript code that is easy for others to maintain and use. An obsession with code quality and can deep knowledge of the state-of-the-art techniques you are employing to get there; you have an opinion on Mocha and other JS test frameworks. An intolerance for ugly web pages and bad UIs – you can show us examples of things you have fixed and/or would fix if given the opportunity. Experience with and an opinion on things like Angular, Node, JQuery and Typescript. An understanding and appreciation of the purpose and the practices of Agile; accompanied with the skills to deliver reliably and effectively on a sprint cadence; preferably across time zones. Pride in your work — show us some things you are proud of (products, websites, code samples) – please include a link to such in your application. 
ScrapedJobID409:
Write web applications in Javascript, HTML, CSS that are heavily dependent on VueJS and GWT Accountable for delivering assigned development tasks and take ownership in order to deliver on time Translate provided designs and style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance; Scope and estimate the development and testing effort for user stories Perform automated testing (Unit, Integration and End to End) within an iterative agile environment Share knowledge with the team by participating in Code Reviews and Pair Programming Participate in all agile ceremonies (standups, planning, training, backlog refinement, reviews, retrospectives) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related Software Engineering discipline or equivalent experience Experience in Front-End development with frameworks like Angular, VueJS, GWT or React Experience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. Knowledge of Object Oriented Programming Efficient in data structures Experience in REST Service interaction Team Spirit Good Communicator Open Minded, able to think within and out of the box Ability to take ownership of task and projects 
ScrapedJobID410:
Work with Product Manager to ideate, build and iterate web features Design and build responsive, performant, scalable and search engine friendly eCommerce websites with cutting-edge technologies Collaborate with other developers in the team as part of strengthening our systems and processes Take ownership of your area from start to finish and write highly efficient programs Improve localized experiences of international users with different cultures, languages and preference 3+ years of experience delivering high-performance, public-facing, responsive and mobile-friendly internet websites with demonstrative business impact Mastery of web fundamentals including HTTP, Javascript, HTML and CSS Proficient in TypeScript, React/Redux/Next.js or Vue/Vuex/Nuxt.js Experience with modern web development including build tools, testing and CI/CD Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them Understanding of website optimization techniques such as SSR, CDN, and web-caching techniques Self-motivated, relentlessly focused on impact, and able to operate under a great deal of independence Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience Bonus: Experience with A/B testing 
ScrapedJobID411:

ScrapedJobID412:
Create, code and implement web-based user interfaces for FortiManager/FortiAnalyzer. Write reusable code and libraries for both server and front-end codes(full stack). Enhance and optimize web user interface for best performance and scalability. Collaborate with graphic designers and backend development teams to construct and implement the front-end interfaces. Bridge the gap between technical implementation and customers’ scenarios, always pay attention to useability details. Self-test completed features before passing job to release QA team. Proficient with one or multiple JavaScript framework/libraries such as React, Redux, JQuery, AngularJS, VueJS etc. Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. Hands-on coding experience with Python or C++ Strong analysis, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. A collaborative personality, highly responsible and enjoy working in a team-oriented environment. Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent experience. 
ScrapedJobID413:
You will lead teams, often composed of client and Deloitte resources, to deliver software that drives meaningful value and change for our clients. You will focus on building out digital experiences primarily for the browser, using industry standard technologies and tools, and in conjunction with peers across disciplines such as creative, UI / UX, back-end service development and agile delivery. You will have a history as a senior developer, and will feel very comfortable translating technical concepts to a variety of audiences. On top of regular delivery work, you provide our clients with advice on digital change, identifying technical debt and recommending improvements to architecture. Mentor junior members of the team and participate in code reviews to help them grow inside the team. Meaningfully contribute to agile ceremonies including grooming, planning, scrums, retrospectives. Over time, build out insights and knowledge of the industries that we work Bachelor or higher degree combined with around six years of post-graduate experience, preferably including client-facing consulting role(s); Experience producing web / mobile / enterprise solutions in a professional development environment; Experience leading a team, working with others to solve problems, sharing knowledge and can help grow and mentor junior developers; Comfort with managing budgets and participating in sales pursuits; A passion for digital transformation and technology; Ideally you have worked on project in which you integrated this front-end savviness with front-office systems (e.g. Salesforce, Adobe Experience, SAP Hybris); Experience in agile development environments, including ceremonies such as backlog refinement and spring planning; You have the ability to work independently as well as in a highly collaborative team-setting; You balance logical problem solving with innovative thinking; You like building positive client and peer relationships by developing an understanding of customer's business and project scope and can translate business requirements into technical requirements; You can contribute positively to team culture, with a focus on inclusion and diversity; Resolving conflicts and escalations; Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills (English and/or French) Hold enhanced reliability clearance with the Government of Canada (or be eligible). You write ES6 JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3 code. You can tell us all about the strengths and weaknesses of React, Vue, Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, Pug and Handlebars. In short, front-end is your expertise. You have experience translating designs and wireframes into high quality, responsive websites with performance and accessibility in mind You love optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers (browser testing and accessibility testing) You have worked with Webpack, Parcel, Gulp, Browserify and the Command Line Interface (CLI) is your best friend; You know and understand git and have lots of experience with Bitbucket, Github and how they integrate with tools such as Jira. Knowledge of comparable source control tools (e.g SVN) are also valuable. You can build reusable and maintainable components (Angular, React) and front-end UI libraries for rapid development. You are familiar with RESTful APIs and have knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token You have used a TDD approach for unit tests and know what the best tools are for the task; You have an interest in technology beyond the web, such as back-end development (e.g. Rails, Python, Java, NodeJS), design (e.g. UX expertise, Photoshop, Sketch), cloud technologies (Amazon AWS, Firebase, Azure), microservices, iOS development, etc You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID414:
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document programs primarily in C# Analyze, architect, develop, design and implement solutions for our clients based on industry needs. Solve, design and write code for existing clients and products. Take ownership of codebase and suggest design improvements for refactoring. Work with stakeholders to implement client requested features and extend our product functionality. Assist in architecture of new product components. Work within Agile teams and attend standups where you will report findings and your currently active tasks. Work with front end developers to build high quality client solutions Create RESTFUL web services for web based applications Work with multiple products and projects. Communicate openly and optimally with team lead, project management members and any other partners within the project team Skills, Experience and Qualifications 5+ years of hands-on .NET development experience (C# preferred, .NET Core Experience Preferred) 7+ years of practical development experience Demonstrated ability with design patterns including but not limited to proven, Serverless and Micro Services 4+ years of product design 4+ years of database experience. 3+ Experience crafting and deploying secure WebAPIs Phenomenal problem-solving skills, extensive experience debugging and evaluating existing code Experience with MS SQL Server, T-SQL Experience with high availability web applications. Experience with SPAs like Angular, Vue.js. Experience with ASP.NET MVC. Experience with Agile team 
ScrapedJobID415:
Develop new user-facing features. Build reusable code and libraries for future use adhering to best practices Working alongside UX team member, the Backend team, Operations, and other teams to iterate on new features. Write unit tests and think in a test-driven way Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize modules for maximum speed and scalability Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Ensuring code security and compliance Collaborating in testing, validation along with QAs Planning and adhere to roadmap Fixing software bugs & defects 5+ years of professional web development experience Proficient in Vanilla JavaScript, its quirks, and best practices Excellent understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 Excellent understanding of synchronous and asynchronous request and promise handling Excellent understanding of browser rendering behavior and performance Excellent understanding of ECMAScript 5 and ECMAScript 6 Excellent understanding of cross-browser and legacy compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues Basic understanding of CSS pre-processing such as LESS and SASS Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as Vue.JS, Angular, React, or Ember etc. Some experience in DOM and Web Browser internals such as fetch, how to affect responsibly the DOM, and related performance affecting elements running on the client. Good understanding of Git Good understanding of Node.js and build tools (Gulp, Webpack) Understanding of adaptive video, virtual reality, and live streaming Basic understanding of TypeScript. Experience with test and mocking techniques (such as Behavior-Driven Development) and tools such as Jest, Mocha, etc. 
ScrapedJobID416:
Collaborate with tech, design, and product to implement and build a new kind of e-commerce and wedding planning experience Manage and contribute code to large scale projects from inception to completion Identify and remedy performance bottlenecks Demonstrate and advocate best practices for front-end engineering Understand tradeoffs between design and performance 5+ years of user facing frontend experience Proficiency with React or similar JavaScript framework Ability to work both independently and collaboratively Excellent communication skills Strong understanding of cross-browser compatibility and the ability to debug issues BS and/or MS in Computer Science or related degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID417:
Improve the speed and overall quality of the internal operational software and app by writing JavaScript Architect, build and deploy internal features using NodeJS and React Native Assist in defining and implementing new features from prototype to delivery Partner with our in-house designer to craft beautiful and responsive user interfaces Minimum of an undergraduate degree in a related field (e.g. maths, engineering, software) Perfect fluency with JavaScript Experience with web development frameworks such as React and/or React Native Solid front end development skills (CSS/SCSS) Experience with cloud-hosted architectures a definite plus (SQL and RESTful APIs) Mobile development experience is an asset (IOS or Android) 
ScrapedJobID418:
Build reusable components/modules for static websites with responsive design. Work with API endpoints for dynamic content updating. Ensure UI/UX of developed pages with near pixel-perfect design. Develop and optimize front-end UI to ensure the application is rendered consistently in cross-browser environments; Deploy code and database changes to staging and live server environments 
ScrapedJobID419:
Develop fast, flexible, and well-designed web services to power consumer facing websites Build efficient data sharing systems, involving internal and external API’s & services Design high performance database schemas, and write efficient SQL Analyze technical specification documents and build integrations to match Evaluate sources of technical data, photos, and videos, and create new web services to expose them Support front-end developers by building required server-side components, and designing clear API’s Work closely with analysts and dev-ops personnel to continuously add new features and refine existing systems. Expert knowledge of PHP & SQL Experience with REST, JSON, and SOAP/XML based web services Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, and software architecture concepts Experience with revision control systems such as GIT Solid understanding of Apache, Mysql, and Linux web hosting environments Good code testing & debugging skills, with a strong attention to detail A positive and professional attitude, strong personal organization skills, and the ability to work within a diverse team environment Experience with the rust programming language Experience with PHP or Python frameworks, such as Laravel, Django Experience with front-end web development Familiarity with JS, CSS, and build & automation tools Familiarity with network architecture, hosting infrastructure, and database replication Experience or interest in the following would also be considered an asset: automotive industry, intranet and CRM applications The chance to work at an innovative, award winning agency. We know when to work hard and play hard. We work in a space where our creative minds run free. We have each other’s back, through thick and thin. Our clients trust and believe in creativity. You’ll find yourself challenged to go beyond your comfort zone. The hours are flexible and you get generous time off during the winter holidays. We’re humbled by the number of talented people who apply to work with us every day. And we thank each and every one of you. Truly. If you have sent us your resume, we have received it. We’ll reach out directly to those we’d like to meet for an interview. Creating meaningful work means embracing different perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based on age, colour, ability, national origin, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. Not only are these provisions protected by provincial and federal law, embracing difference is what makes Cossette what it is—and we wouldn’t have it any other way. We pride ourselves on our inclusive and accessible workplace. If you need any accommodations during the interview process to make it work for you, let us know. 
ScrapedJobID420:
Wants to be a part of something big – an emerging new global brand Is interested in marketing, consumer behaviour, and cutting edge technology Can thrive in a fast paced, rapidly changing work environment Is eager to work with and learn from a team of experts Is ready to expand their career and realize their full potential Has the aptitude to embrace change and welcome new approaches in an exceedingly evolving environment of new technology Our product is a plug-and-play platform, enabling retailers to leverage modern analytics and marketing technology without replacing their existing IT infrastructure. Entirely hosted in AWS. We mainly use ECS/EC2, S3, Lambda, IoT core, RDS, API Gateway, and DocumentDB. A degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, or a related field Expert SQL (Postgres experience a bonus) Experience with a range of data ingestion and processing tools Experience with a range of modern BI tools Familiar with working in a fast-paced agile environment 
ScrapedJobID421:
JavaScript, React Familiarity with ECMs like SharePoint, FileNet, etc. would be awesome Not specific to this role, but we also use C#, .NET, and Java for other R&D roles if you’re interested in other dev positions 
ScrapedJobID422:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Public transportation is available Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Extranet Intranet File management software Image editing software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software Programming languages Software development Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Desktop applications Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID423:
MobSquad solves the significant and growing technology talent shortage faced by US-based start-ups and scale-ups by enabling its clients to quickly have a turnkey "virtual" Canadian subsidiary. MobSquad ensures technology professionals with US work visa challenges remain working with their current company, but nearshore from Canada. This is accomplished via MobSquad's unique partnership with the Canadian Government, enabling work visas to be issued for technology professionals and their respective families within four to six weeks, and Canadian permanent residency within six to eight months. Additionally, MobSquad has unfettered access to top-tier global technology talent which it relocates to Canada and pairs with American as well as Canadian clients on an exclusive, long-term basis, helping firms not only retain their existing world-class technology talent base, but grow it substantially. We're a Certified B corporation, and have made numerous contributions to charitable organizations, as well as a financial commitment to the Upside Foundation. We believe we are playing a key role in enhancing Canada's innovation economy, and have received financial support from the Government of Canada, Province of Alberta, Province of Nova Scotia, and City of Calgary, to support this ambition. For our workplace culture, we were recognized as the 3rd best place to work in Canada (for a small company) in 2020, as well as recognized specifically for being one of the best workplaces nationally for: inclusion; mental wellness; giving back; youth; and technology. We were also recognized as one of the best start-ups to work for across Canada. For our innovative business model, we have been featured in numerous media outlets including: Asian Pacific Post; BetaKit; Bloomberg; CBC; Global News; Gothamist; International Business Times; MIT Technology Review; Nearshore Americas; Nikkei Asian Review; NPR; The Economic Times of India; The Financial Times; The Globe and Mail; The Information; The New York Times; and The Washington Post. Harvard Business School published a case study on MobSquad last fall, and Harvard Business Review featured us multiple times in an article that appeared on the cover of their November/December 2020 edition. You can learn more about us on our website. You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a comparable field from an accredited institution You have over five years of general experience in software development across multiple languages and frameworks You have over five years of experience in JavaScript (specifically ES6), TypeScript, and front-end web development (e.g., HTML, CSS) You have experience with tools including Grunt, Gulp, and/or Webpack You have experience working with React, web components, and functional interfaces You have experience with back-end development including the use of Node.js and GraphQL (Apollo) You have experience working with RESTful APIs to connect to back-end services You have experience with SQL and NoSQL (MongoDB) databases You have knowledge of Software Design principles and various architectural patterns You have demonstrated the ability to develop high-quality code adhering to industry best practices (i.e., code review, unit tests, revision control) You have a work history reflective of a self-motivated professional who excels when given open-ended problems and broadly defined goals, having an innate desire to leverage their skills in a way that provides business value You are a self-starter, a quick learner, and are adept at turning high-level guidance into action-oriented plans You are detail-oriented, and have fantastic organizational skills A full-time position that offers competitive compensation A benefits program delivered through our bespoke digital platform, giving you control, choice, and flexibility. We give you the ability to build your package of benefits covering health (e.g., medical, dental, vision), wellness (e.g., gym, workout gear, massage, transit), and RRSP (retirement savings) A downtown office location with first-rate amenities, surrounded by great restaurants and easily-accessible transit For international candidates, sponsorship for an immediate work permit, expedited permanent residency, and Canadian citizenship within four years 
ScrapedJobID424:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID425:
Designing and building web products for use in classrooms around the world. Working closely with the User Experience team to design the User Experience and Interface. Working with other developers to architect and design the technical structure of our distributed highly available products. Evaluating and choosing new technologies and libraries to incorporate into our products. Writing and maintaining unit and integration tests to ensure our products meet our quality standards. Working closely with our test team to ensure automated testing has appropriate coverage. 5+ years using JavaScript and/or TypeScript to build interactive HTML interfaces using frameworks like Vue, React or Ember for distributed high availability web applications. 3+ years building and releasing software using a continuous deployment pipeline to Google AppEngine and/or Amazon Web Services. 3+ years developing software using a cross functional Agile approach. An understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. A strong foundation in computer science, in particular data structures, concurrent programming, algorithms and distributed systems. Experience with Firebase is an asset. Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, related field or equivalent experience. 10+ years’ experience in software development. 3+ years’ experience as a senior or lead on a team. This position has no direct reports. 
ScrapedJobID426:
Collaborate with project managers, brand strategists, designers, and other developers on web projects Interpret project briefs to understand project requirements Conduct research and test ideas to determine technical feasibility of client ideas, UX/UI designs, etc. Build custom, high-quality websites and web applications to drive results for our clients Optimize websites and web applications for maximum speed and scalability as well as for SEO best practices Build reusable code and libraries for future use Push clients towards fresh, exciting ideas Make suggestions for better solutions to problems Work in a fast-paced agency environment Keep abreast of latest and emerging technologies and development methods Passion about helping companies achieve their objectives 3+ years professional experience as a Front-End Developer, building websites and web applications using JavaScript, React, React Native, HTML, CSS, PHP, etc. Experience with WordPress (not off-the-shelf templates but custom development; experience with Advanced Custom Fields, WooCommerce, Gravity Forms, and Yoast SEO are also an asset) Basic knowledge of image authoring tools (e.g. Illustrator, Photoshop, Sketch), to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on a graphic or image Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that websites will adhere to them Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and solutions Critical thinker and problem solver with strong research skills Have excellent interpersonal and communication skills Work well in a team and with a range of creative people Confidence in building a rapport with clients and nurturing good working relationships Are able to see other people’s points of view and take feedback Are highly self-motivated, well organized, and have an eye for detail Are able to work under pressure and manage workloads effectively Ability to handle multiple planned and unplanned projects and responsibilities Work well within strict budgets and timelines Have watched “The Office” tv show (we reference it often) 
ScrapedJobID427:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID428:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID429:
Writing clean, well-organized, testable, and reusable JS code Building efficient, well-tested User Interface and User Experience components Identifying and addressing performance bottlenecks with other engineers to consistently improve performance Ability to be on call during live sporting events and on weekends Take direction from the director of product on the feature, while working with the director of Engineering to ensure the technical aspects fit our technical goals 7+ years of development experience in web fundamentals (HTML5, CSS, JS) 4+ years of development experience in modern JS frameworks (React, JSS, Mobx) Knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN Ability to participate in code reviews, design reviews and over the shoulder debugging • Ability to deliver software as part of a team Demonstrated expertise with responsive design principles Bachelor's/Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) In-depth experience in Node js In-depth experience in React Native NoSQL experience (eg. DynamoDB) In-depth knowledge in WebSockets Working knowledge of Docker Competitive salaries with generous paid time off, RRSP/401K matching, extended health benefits, retail discounts (the total package) Work-life balance with flexible hours Inspiring and supportive environment Open communication transparency Professional and personal growth 
ScrapedJobID430:
Extensive experience in JavaScript (React/Typescript, Node) and API development (Java/GraphQL/RESTful). Focused and passionate about creating the best user experience possible through UI interaction. Experience in using modern build and deployment tools such as Jenkins, Docker etc. Java WebLogic server Oracle SQL Database GraphQL React Typescript GWT Spring Gradle IntelliJ IDEA Visual Studio Code JRebel Splunk Atlassian Suite of Products An amazing on-boarding experience A collaborative team environment Opportunities to join internal hackathons where you’ll solve relevant and complex problems Access to O’Reily Media, Pluralsight, LinkedIn Learning, Headspace Tuition reimbursement Book clubs to share your knowledge Hands-on training sessions with industry-leading professionals Market rate salary based on experience Competitive RRSP and 401k matching plans for Canadian and US employees 20 paid days off and regional stat holidays A range of high-quality health care options, including medical, vision, dental and prescription drug coverage The occasional spontaneous Nerf War Design, implement, and test new functionality Be a part of a small team, consisting of 3 developers, a QA specialist and shared resources like PMs and a Manager Follow Agile development methodologies Work with Product Management and UX to deliver material value to our clients Do full stack development from the DB to the UI Use your experience to help the whole team get better Full stack development experience A hunger for solving problems Formal education in Software Development is appreciated, but not necessary with the right background 
ScrapedJobID431:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID432:
Develop and integrate code for enterprise client software systems Communicate technical problems to peers, architects, and project manager and make recommendations for possible solutions Develop high-performance, scalable and low-latency systems Drive progress in an agile environment Frequently interact with clients Demonstrate effective mentorship and hands-on technical leadership to team members Identify and advocate for change when warranted by current processes or existing systems implementations 5+ years of experience in front-end software development for enterprise applications, with special emphasis on: React, Typescript, Solid understanding of distributed computing architectures and object-oriented programming concepts. Familiar with modern software development methodology and practices Ability to apply your domain knowledge to work closely with business stakeholders and technical team members to ensure that solutions are optimal Exceptional testing, mocking, and documentation skills Solid experience developing and implementing complex application components Excellent oral and written communication skills; comfortable interfacing with clients A track record of great teamwork and the ability to work independently and drive projects to completion Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science; or in Engineering, Physics, or Math with strong CS experience. nice-to-haves are NextJS, Vercel, and Hasura Family-friendly benefits and vacation time Annual training budget and professional development for fulltime employees The flexibility of a software consulting environment; project variety, adapting to new business domains, and building complex applications Ability to flex your creativity muscle, and have your opinions heard A work culture where you’ll look forward to coming in every day Downtown Toronto location (easily accessible by public transit) 
ScrapedJobID433:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science or a related field 7 years front-end experience 2+ years’ experience with React Previous experience in project management and/or leading and empowering teams either as a leader among your peers and/or as a leader of team projects. Applied experience with software engineering best practices (version control, test-driven development, continuous deployment, observability, etc.) Experience making decisions when requirements are uncertain or flexible Strong passion for UX, UI, data and building things Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively articulate complex ideas and concepts Strong technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers A passion for tackling challenging problems Desire to learn, listen to feedback, and grow professionally Flexible, mission-oriented mindset, being open to ideas (and willing to bring your own ideas) that can produce better overall results for the company Strong logical and analytical skills Strong creative, visual-design and problem-solving skills - comfortable with UI design, production techniques as well as developing and implementing new algorithms and transforming hard problems into solvable, maintainable code and APIs Software engineering best practices, including test-driven development, version control, continuous deployment, and observability Typescript React GraphQL Docker Kubernetes PostgreSQL MongoDB Define, develop and maintain web services APIs Develop cloud software services Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Work as part of a team to build services, deliver features, fix bugs, and support our products through the entire software lifecycle Make architecture and design decisions, collaborating with teammates both within and outside of the Engineering department Follow through with tasks and activities, while keeping stakeholders in the loop and well informed Generate new ideas on how to improve our products, processes, and culture Any other duties commensurate with the role. Make a difference – Your work will have an impact from day 1. Work/Life balance – Flexible hours, get stuff done and still have a full life outside of work. Work hard / Play hard – Get the job done while sharing laughs with co-workers. Wear many hats – As part of a small company, you’ll have the chance to contribute in many different areas. Friday lunches – Sit down with the entire company, including the CEO, for a remote catered lunch every second Friday. Tight-knit team – We support each other at work and outside of work. Every opinion is valued – Even students can challenge the CEO. Growth – Be a key player in a constantly growing company, grow your career along with the company! Make manufacturing better – From medical equipment to sustainable tea, help the world be more productive. Quarterly bonuses based on company performance with option to receive bonus in stocks. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Bachelor's Degree (required) Front-end development: 7 years (required) React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID434:
Drive the design, architecture, and development of a client-side application powering the next generation of Granify’s solutions Work on our JavaScript platform to help launch new clients and improve current partnerships and toolsets Troubleshoot, test, and debug to your heart’s content Connect to our our data collection & decision engine - it collects millions of requests and terabytes of e-commerce data (traffic, orders, etc.) then uses our proprietary algorithms to translate it into user behavior and patterns Build the tools to support the visual creation of messages that optimize shopper sessions in real-time, drive conversion rates, and increase uplift for our clients. Maintain and update our client dashboard, a client-facing app full of toolset information and performance results Mentor and advise junior developers Participate in code reviews, sharing knowledge, feedback, and ideas - teaching and learning, it’s a two-way street that leads down the road to improvement Someone with a true engineering mindset, you build things to work and to last Passionate about finding elegant solutions to complex technical problems Eager to work in an ever evolving code base and constantly strive to improve the domain Committed to mastery and craftsmanship in your work Curious, constantly looking for better ways to build things and willing to learn about emerging technologies Positive and personable - we're all tackling these challenges together! Able to communicate with clarity and brevity Deep understanding of JavaScript, including experience and knowledge of its standards and best practices. Strong understanding of MVC and MVVM architectures Experience and skill with HTML and CSS Experience with server-side web apps in any language Willing and interested to learn and work with new languages Source control (Git) and familiarity with unix command line Experience working as a front-end developer in an Agile environment Experience mentoring junior engineers Experience with modern JS libraries and frameworks, such as jQuery, Coffeescript, SASS, Ember, Angular, React, Gulp, Grunt, WebPack, or others Experience working with Tag Management Systems such as Google Tag Manager, Tealium and Signal Experience integrating with analytics packages such as Google Analytics and Omniture Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent degree / experience Amazon Web Services e-Commerce Applications Server side technologies, especially Ruby / Ruby on Rails, SQL, Redis, Hadoop Machine learning 
ScrapedJobID435:
Have 5+ years of experience, or consider yourself either a stable anchor or an untapped genius ready to flourish Revel in your craft, are excited by and capable of owning large projects primarily in the front-end domain Collaborate effectively with other experienced engineers, but especially designers and PMs Are experienced with building at startup speed, or excited to experience and embrace it Are capable of making high quality technical and non-technical tradeoffs Prefer well supported, stable technologies over trendy/fashionable tech, even in the fast-moving world of front-end frameworks You sweat the details on matching designed product specs, and think of performance, componentization, and testability as core requirements of building a great front-end experience for customers Bring your authentic self to work, and engage in candid + respectful feedback Build sustainably, and are capable of managing your time and priorities as best suits your needs Enjoy the journey as much as the destination, but never lose sight of the destination Demonstrate pride, ownership, and accountability for your work, and expect the same from those you work with Be Customer-centric - We work backwards from the needs of our customers. The crisp articulation of customer value guides our decisions. Strive for Simplicity - We choose simplicity over complexity whenever possible. We seek to identify and understand the essential quality of what we are building. Craft Excellence - We take pride in our craft and are relentless in our pursuit of excellence. But we also know real artists ship. We're In this Together - We measure personal success by the success of our customers and teammates. Relationships matter, and the strongest ones are built on the foundations of trust, enablement, and transparency. Competitive base compensation with meaningful equity ownership Health insurance including medical, dental, and vision We pay 100% of your employee premium and 50% of your premium for any dependents Unlimited Paid Time Off 10 Paid Company Holidays Work from home policy including a laptop and support for your home office needs 401(k) self contribution (coming soon) Opportunity to join a diverse, passionate, and fun team at a pivotal time in the company's lifecycle Remote friendly (west coast only) 
ScrapedJobID436:
Build greenfield financial applications alongside your Adaptive colleagues Use the latest technology to create elegant and robust solutions Contribute to building and releasing quality software on time Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts Participate in a test-driven, agile environment Keep up to date with the developments in technology and quickly adapt to them to achieve better results Extensive client-side development experience, gained while building single-page web applications Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures Proficiency in user-interface technologies in addition to JavaScript, eg HTML5 and CSS3; and in React.js Practical knowledge of web tooling such as Webpack, NPM, Yarn, Gulp and PostCSS Understanding of ES6 and newer ES specifications Proficient with Chrome developer tools, including knowing how to diagnose and fix performance issues Experience of working on front office systems Language: English (fluent) Working with distributed teams TypeScript, Rx.js, Redux Event-driven APIs Real time trading experience Strong desire to raise the bar for your team technically Tenacious, curious, and collaborative in all aspects of your work A quick learner with excellent communication skills No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance and Friday beers 
ScrapedJobID437:
Develop modern front-end solutions using best practices Implement and maintain new high-quality features Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies Mentor and advise the whole front-end team Angular 12 (TypeScript) Go back-end servers Azure / Kubernetes NoSQL, MongoDB, ArangoDB, Redis Bitbucket Experience in Angular development (or similar experience) Good communication skills Experience with version control management, Atlassian Suite Proactive, motivated, detail oriented The ideal candidate is exceptionally detail-oriented and derives joy from bringing rigor, structure, and organization to large datasets, complex systems, and intricate analyses; You derive satisfaction from thoroughly and thoughtfully describing a system for both technical and non-technical audiences; Superlative organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills; A flexible attitude to job roles as well as a willingness to contribute wherever needed. The ideal candidate will take full ownership of their core responsibilities, and will be comfortable with those responsibilities evolving with the changing needs of the company; Ability to contribute in a multidisciplinary team as a strong team player, focused on delivering results against multiple deadlines in a fast-paced growing environment. 
ScrapedJobID438:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years experience in web technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, React/Angular, HTML5, and CSS3 3-5 years experience in designing responsive web interfaces with cross-browser compatibility Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Ability to manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and/or other design tools Knowledge of the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques 
ScrapedJobID439:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 2+ years of professional experience in a Front End Development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# is a big plus Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases is preferred You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID440:
Write excellent code, in a progressive framework, that you can stand behind, and be proud of Write excellent documentation Update daily progress through Jira Update daily time tracking Participate in code reviews / planning reviews Participate in the weekly meetings Apply disciplined coding practices to enable the delivery of high-quality code Develop unit tests for E2E testing Minimum 5+ years of hands-on experience developing, deploying, and managing applications on a multi-tier architecture with high-availability and/or replication environment Experience in TypeScript / JavaScript development with the Angular Framework Experience in Python Development Experience in PostgreSQL Experience in Azure technologies. Experience in consuming, and testing REST/JSON APIs Experience working in a Linux environment Experience working with GIT on the command line Strong JavaScript / TypeScript software architecture fundamentals Strong Python architecture fundamentals Strong understanding of secure code practices Strong understanding of web fundamentals including DNS, HTTP(S), SSH and TLS Knowledge of the software review process Knowledge of testing methodologies Knowledge of identity verification practices, ex: PGP Ability to adapt and integrate new standards Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose issues Ability to write clean, easy to follow, and maintainable code Ability to read, write and generate test cases Self-driven and motivated, able to work in a team on and your own Experience with the Django Python Framework Experience with GIS systems, ESRI ArcGIS RESTAPIs, and ArcGIS JavaScript SDKs Experience with GO and Static Code Analysis with tools like SonarQube 8 hour shift Software development: 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID441:
Bachelor's degree or diploma in Computer Science. Front-end UI development experience with web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Understanding of Vue.JS or similar JavaScript frameworks, good understanding of components & CSS. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX. Good understanding of version control and source code management using Git. Familiarity with RESTful APIs. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines and available to work remotely for emergency requests. Demonstrated problem solving, organization skills and the ability to multi task. “Roll up the sleeves” and “can–do” attitude. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Vue.js: 1 year (preferred) Front-end development: 1 year (preferred) Mandarin (required) No 
ScrapedJobID442:
Design and develop application features in Java using Spring Core, Sprint Boot, Spring MVC, and other Spring modules Work closely with business experts, UI/UX, DevOps, QA, and other software engineers. Expect to be involved in all stages of the SDLC Cooperate with Front-End developers to build web-based single-page applications in JavaScript ES6 + HTML + CSS using Angular, AngularJS, Bootstrap, and other popular frameworks Design and develop data schemas to support new features in our applications Develop testing code (Unit Test, Integration Test, E2E, Stress test) Review and test your peers’ code to ensure quality Participate in daily stand-ups, sprint plan meetings and perform tasks related to the Agile (Scrum and Kanban) methodology Maintain open communication with the team of the development tasks Support and improve the DevOps pipelines Several years development experience in Java with an understanding of object-oriented techniques and design patterns Demonstrated knowledge of SpringBoot or SpringMVC Experience with Java persistence frameworks such as Spring Data, Hibernate, MyBatis Experience building scalable RESTful APIs Knowledge of microservice architecture Working understanding of concurrent programming and related concepts Expertise with SQL queries and Relational Databases (PostGRE, Oracle or mySQL) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Ability to work effectively with others in a team Organization and time management skills Excellent oral and written communication skills Working out of our downtown Toronto office* Currently working in a remote environment Ability to make an immediate and lasting impact Work with a talented team of innovative and creative players Valuing growth and development, we embrace accountability, transparency, and continuous learning We have flexible hours and no dress code Annual celebrations and milestone outings Career mentoring and skills training Work in a safe, secure, and positive collaborative work environment Competitive benefits package including a comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plan Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Java: 1 year (preferred) Spring Boot: 1 year (preferred) Spring MVC: 1 year (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) RESTful APIs: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID443:
Are a passionate, entrepreneurially-spirited technologist that owns delivery from concept through to completion. Are an advocate for engineering excellence Able to identify areas of improvement and client pain points, working with a client success team Have an insatiable commitment for continued learning and honing your craft Love working in a startup environment where it is likely that in a day you’ll go from product architecture discussions to bug fixes, QA, and testing. Are meticulous about the details and knows how to leverage data to make informed decisions Understand what technical debt is — you’re pragmatic and know when to make trade-offs between architectural purity and reality of a product startup Believe in mentorship and its ability to change lives and is comfortable being a player/coach, mentoring others on the team, over time Produce reliable and maintainable software to meet the application and infrastructure needs of the En Point Mentorship platform Wear many hats, including leading development operations and quality assurance processes, working with CEO and third party vendor Embody En Point values by being customer-focused and supporting clients as they form meaningful mentorship relationships Work closely with the CEO and Client Success Manager to fulfill client’s needs, responding to bugs and errors while taking care to prevent as many as possible. Develop code reviews, documentation, and standard processes for En Point Contribute to long-term product roadmap working with CEO and team Formal software development training (Bachelor’s degree or college diploma and/or a suitable amount of online accreditation courses and experience) 3-5 years of professional experience with one or more of the following: Drupal (Drupal 8 or 9), PHP, HTML, SASS/CSS, JS Can bring a deep understanding of software developments best practices to the work Understands the scope and relationships of small features and production stack for your area. Experience and/or exposure to automated testing and being able to create test plans, and review tools required for testing and to debug and diagnose issues in any environment. Experience with and/or knowledge of visual regression testing and other product analytics tools like Hotjar and/or Full Story Understands and knows how to responsive design principles Understanding of modern build practices, including performance optimizations, and security considerations Ability to write custom modules/plugins for project-specific functionality Experience with building cloud-based products and services Experience managing external relationships or vendors an asset Ability to theme and build front-end Knowledge of Accessibility best practices Familiarity with other CMSes such as WordPress an asset 
ScrapedJobID444:
Participate in the analysis, design, and implementation of relevant eCommerce platforms such as Shopify, BigCommerce, Adobe Magento, Salesforce Commerce, MS D365 Commerce Develop software in the context of a project, while ensuring alignment to current and developing architecture. Delivering on development activities on time and on budget per project plan with the highest level of quality while producing code that is secure, reliable, reusable and scalable. Ensure prompt notification to PM of deviations and proactively execute a plan to recover Understand and help refine un-stated requirements & work with the Development Manager, Business Analyst, and Project Manager to define software requirements; and to assess feasibility of solution within time constraints. Prepare Technical Design and Specification documents as needed Create implementation instructions and support application deployments Conduct design and peer reviews including individual & team unit testing Manage technical issues and the work of other developers Work with the project team to review problems, define and test solutions Aid in the development of architectural framework and design Evaluate and introduce new tools and techniques to the development team Proactively identify areas for improvement, seek solutions and make recommendations Remain up to date on technology & industry developments, both current and future You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; clients describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. Degree in Computer/Software Engineering, Computer Science is preferred, but we are open to non-conventional degrees and education if abilities can be demonstrated. 3+ years of experience developing web solutions or demonstrated proficiency. 3+ years of experience in JavaScript, jQuery, and frontend frameworks such as Angular, ReactJS, and VueJS. Experience with front-end systems: static site generators, Wordpress etc. Experience integrating with REST APIs Proficiency with DevOps and deployment workflows Proficiency with Unit Testing for NodeJS based applications. Ability to develop, review, test and deploy solutions Understands the impact of good usability and experience, and champions this with clients! Experience leveraging popular design methodologies, patterns and practices Strong background with the software development lifecycle, and common models (agile, iterative, waterfall, etc.) with familiarity in best software practices including source code control, requirements gathering and unit testing. Languages:JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, JSON, YAML UML modeling Ability to work both individually and as part of a team We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID445:

ScrapedJobID446:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with focus in UX design, interactive media, game design or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with data structures/algorithms. 2 years of experience with software development with programming languages, or 1 year of experience with an advanced degree. Experience in front-end design, prototyping, building, deploying interactive experiences. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 2 years of experience with front-end frameworks, full-stack development, and/or API development. Experience developing accessible technologies. Experience in conducting user studies, designing with creative communities and integrating interactions into creators' workflows, and experience with music, art, and/or creative writing. Experience in full-stack web development (e.g., serving interactive ML models, visualizing model/user behavior, designing user experiences) and crowdsourcing/designing games for human-in-the-loop learning. Effective visual design skills for engaging users and impactful communication, and an interest in identifying new creative people and AI interaction paradigms. Grow user creativity by designing, building, and deploying delightful new creative tools leveraging cutting-edge generative models research. Enable human-in-the-loop research by working with researchers to iteratively design, build, and deploy user interactions as platforms for new research on learning from human feedback. Visualize and analyze user interaction traces to understand user behavior. Release and maintain open-source code for research and creative tools. Engage the broader community through giving talks (i.e. academic and general audience), writing blog posts, interviews with media, social media activity, and collaborative projects with artists and musicians. 
ScrapedJobID447:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID448:
Provide feedback on initiatives, identify opportunities for improvement, and collaborate on delivering the best IT solutions. Contribute in the complete lifecycle of software development using Agile development techniques like sprint planning, task estimation and development including Kanban, code review, unit testing, and CI/CD pipeline. Consult with different business units to identify, support and/or improve ways to leverage STEMCELL's applications and software. Deliver quality, clean and secure code following the industry and STEMCELL standards. Works effectively within existing architectures and follows best practices. Develops new instances within existing architectures, or makes minor improvements to existing architecture. Designs major new features and demonstrates a nuanced understanding of platform constraints and opportunities. Conduct research to keep up to date with new technology, evolving solutions and industry standards. Plan and perform regular scheduled maintenance, including updating documentation. Acts as a caretaker for all of the assigned code and performs code review when required for other team members. Resolve customer requests that are initiated through multiple support channels. Troubleshoots and resolves complex issues involving multiple systems or services. Identifies and resolves recurring root causes. Delivers consistently good quality work. Increases the robustness and reliability of codebases, and devotes time to polishing products and systems. Improves others' ability to deliver great quality work. Communicates effectively to close stakeholders when called upon, and incorporates constructive feedback. Communicates with the wider team appropriately, focusing on timeliness and good quality conversations. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field. 3-5 years of experience developing and implementing software applications. Experience using web front-end and back-end development languages and libraries including PHP, Javascript, MySQL, HTML, CSS, jQuery. Knowledge of Git. Understanding of Object Oriented Progrogramming, Data Structures and Algorithms and software development design patterns. Experience developing applications to work across multiple browsers, mobile platforms and operating systems. Ability to develop new instances within existing architectures, and/or make minor improvements to existing architecture, make sensible abstractions based on template and code patterns, understand how to spec and build interactive components independently and prototype simple new features quickly. Following knowledge are considered assets to the role: eCommerce platforms like Magento, version controls (we use Github), ticket management tools (we use Jira), ReactJS or other JS libraries, Caching technologies (Varnish, Redis, CDN), Linux, RESTful web APIs, Amazon Web Services, LESS, Message Queuing (SQS or RabbitMQ) are considered assets to the role. Team oriented and collaborative with a willingness to learn and work on all stages of the standard software life cycle including post-delivery support. Familiarity with Agile development techniques. Excellent problem-solving, critical thinking skills and communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID449:
Understand the User through insightful UX research Design and illustrate products, modules using design thinking that solves for human laziness, intrigue excitement for human change, while understanding the user Consider today, tomorrow, and the future of where the company is going Work closely with our engineering and development teams to ensure a cohesive customer experience Shape processes as well as products as required by end-users, payers, and marketing teams. Work closely with other designers and junior staff to teach and support their growth. Have 3+ years of experience designing great user experiences for mobile and desktop applications. Be hands-on and familiar working in Figma, Adobe Suites Jira, & other design tools Be able to perform UX research to design full high fidelity wireframes Be able to confidently interact with developers for clean hand-off Have front-end CSS experience Possess an eye for details and find joy in achieving pixel perfection Design human-centric thinking, crafting and execution Bonus: have experience building user acquisition-focused products in addition to marketing sites Be a clear communicator with the foresight to solve problems that don't even exist yet Care deeply about responsive, accessible, clean design and user experiences Want to build and create a great process along with products Possess self-awareness, positive attitude, resourcefulness Thrive in ambiguous situations and are equally comfortable being proactive and reactive Location: We are fully remote, and looking for applicants across Canada, but have access to offices in Markham and Toronto Bonus pay Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) UI/UX: 3 years (preferred) Front end CSS coding: 1 year (preferred) Team management: 2 years (preferred) Mobile application illustration: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID450:
Design and develop the web interface for new and existing applications using ReactJs/Nodejs. Leverage best practices and monitor performance and advise any necessary application and/or infrastructure changes Help drive transformation by continuously looking for ways to automate existing processes, test, and optimize data quality Explore new capabilities and technologies to drive innovation Create quality mockups and prototypes Write clean code that is maintainable and extensible. Build reusable code and libraries for future use. Optimize web interface for maximum speed and scalability. Monitor for and solve web app performance issues. Support the team for DevOps continuous integration and delivery Extensive experience with React as front-end framework, deep understanding of React.js, Webpack and related libraries for SPA. Knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques front-end development experience with web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other industry standard frameworks. Experience with NodeJs backend and related libraries. Hands-on Knowledge on HTTP network and async AJAX request to micro-services RESTful APIs with JSON. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with code versioning tools (such as Git) and CI/CD concept. A passion for new technologies. A passion for simplifying and automating work, for making things better, for being efficient and helping others. Good communicator with strong written and oral communication skills Experience with event driven SPA sync communication technology, e.g. Kafka and WebSocket. Typescript Development for Cloud base Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID451:
Play a critical role in developing and maintaining our loaning and client management software which utilizes C# Windows form frontend with a SQL backend Work within a small development team using an Agile approach to software development Follow service requests through the entire software development lifecycle, from inception and planning to development and finally user acceptance testing, staging and eventually release Track and troubleshoot issues received and provide support for our front-line staff when it comes to software errors and questions Play a proactive role in code optimization to improve performance Demonstrate a strong understanding of data structures, logic, and algorithm skills, and a broad understanding of the .Net Framework. Work with 3rd parties to integrate software and/or transfer information as required Create and manage unit-tests to validate that the software does what it was intended to do Extract, visualize and provide data reports to business units so they can use the knowledge to make informed business decisions. Work directly with other Programmers, Project Manager, Business Analyst, Project Consultant to develop and manage our core products and systems. Program and test complex scenarios under pressure that involves multiple systems with multiple stakeholders. Ensure adherence to security procedures and protocols. Recommend and implement industry best coding practices. Produce and maintain documentation for our system and subsystems. Provided work estimates and status updates to managers, architect and stakeholders. Monday to Friday Software development: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID452:
Design and develop application features in Java using Spring Core, Sprint Boot, Spring MVC, and other Spring modules Work closely with business experts, UI/UX, DevOps, QA, and other software engineers. Expect to be involved in all stages of the SDLC Cooperate with Front-End developers to build web-based single-page applications in JavaScript ES6 + HTML + CSS using Angular, AngularJS, Bootstrap, and other popular frameworks Design and develop data schemas to support new features in our applications Develop testing code (Unit Test, Integration Test, E2E, Stress test) Review and test your peers’ code to ensure quality Participate in daily stand-ups, sprint plan meetings and perform tasks related to the Agile (Scrum and Kanban) methodology Maintain open communication with the team of the development tasks Support and improve the DevOps pipelines Several years development experience in Java with an understanding of object-oriented techniques and design patterns Demonstrated knowledge of SpringBoot or SpringMVC Experience with Java persistence frameworks such as Spring Data, Hibernate, MyBatis Experience building scalable RESTful APIs Knowledge of microservice architecture Working understanding of concurrent programming and related concepts Expertise with SQL queries and Relational Databases (PostGRE, Oracle or mySQL) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Ability to work effectively with others in a team Organization and time management skills Excellent oral and written communication skills Working out of our downtown Toronto office* Currently working in a remote environment Ability to make an immediate and lasting impact Work with a talented team of innovative and creative players Valuing growth and development, we embrace accountability, transparency, and continuous learning We have flexible hours and no dress code Annual celebrations and milestone outings Career mentoring and skills training Work in a safe, secure, and positive collaborative work environment Competitive benefits package including a comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plan Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Java: 1 year (preferred) Spring Boot: 1 year (preferred) Spring MVC: 1 year (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) RESTful APIs: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID453:
Are a passionate, entrepreneurially-spirited technologist that owns delivery from concept through to completion. Are an advocate for engineering excellence Able to identify areas of improvement and client pain points, working with a client success team Have an insatiable commitment for continued learning and honing your craft Love working in a startup environment where it is likely that in a day you’ll go from product architecture discussions to bug fixes, QA, and testing. Are meticulous about the details and knows how to leverage data to make informed decisions Understand what technical debt is — you’re pragmatic and know when to make trade-offs between architectural purity and reality of a product startup Believe in mentorship and its ability to change lives and is comfortable being a player/coach, mentoring others on the team, over time Produce reliable and maintainable software to meet the application and infrastructure needs of the En Point Mentorship platform Wear many hats, including leading development operations and quality assurance processes, working with CEO and third party vendor Embody En Point values by being customer-focused and supporting clients as they form meaningful mentorship relationships Work closely with the CEO and Client Success Manager to fulfill client’s needs, responding to bugs and errors while taking care to prevent as many as possible. Develop code reviews, documentation, and standard processes for En Point Contribute to long-term product roadmap working with CEO and team Formal software development training (Bachelor’s degree or college diploma and/or a suitable amount of online accreditation courses and experience) 3-5 years of professional experience with one or more of the following: Drupal (Drupal 8 or 9), PHP, HTML, SASS/CSS, JS Can bring a deep understanding of software developments best practices to the work Understands the scope and relationships of small features and production stack for your area. Experience and/or exposure to automated testing and being able to create test plans, and review tools required for testing and to debug and diagnose issues in any environment. Experience with and/or knowledge of visual regression testing and other product analytics tools like Hotjar and/or Full Story Understands and knows how to responsive design principles Understanding of modern build practices, including performance optimizations, and security considerations Ability to write custom modules/plugins for project-specific functionality Experience with building cloud-based products and services Experience managing external relationships or vendors an asset Ability to theme and build front-end Knowledge of Accessibility best practices Familiarity with other CMSes such as WordPress an asset 
ScrapedJobID454:
Participate in the analysis, design, and implementation of relevant eCommerce platforms such as Shopify, BigCommerce, Adobe Magento, Salesforce Commerce, MS D365 Commerce Develop software in the context of a project, while ensuring alignment to current and developing architecture. Delivering on development activities on time and on budget per project plan with the highest level of quality while producing code that is secure, reliable, reusable and scalable. Ensure prompt notification to PM of deviations and proactively execute a plan to recover Understand and help refine un-stated requirements & work with the Development Manager, Business Analyst, and Project Manager to define software requirements; and to assess feasibility of solution within time constraints. Prepare Technical Design and Specification documents as needed Create implementation instructions and support application deployments Conduct design and peer reviews including individual & team unit testing Manage technical issues and the work of other developers Work with the project team to review problems, define and test solutions Aid in the development of architectural framework and design Evaluate and introduce new tools and techniques to the development team Proactively identify areas for improvement, seek solutions and make recommendations Remain up to date on technology & industry developments, both current and future You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; clients describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. Degree in Computer/Software Engineering, Computer Science is preferred, but we are open to non-conventional degrees and education if abilities can be demonstrated. 3+ years of experience developing web solutions or demonstrated proficiency. 3+ years of experience in JavaScript, jQuery, and frontend frameworks such as Angular, ReactJS, and VueJS. Experience with front-end systems: static site generators, Wordpress etc. Experience integrating with REST APIs Proficiency with DevOps and deployment workflows Proficiency with Unit Testing for NodeJS based applications. Ability to develop, review, test and deploy solutions Understands the impact of good usability and experience, and champions this with clients! Experience leveraging popular design methodologies, patterns and practices Strong background with the software development lifecycle, and common models (agile, iterative, waterfall, etc.) with familiarity in best software practices including source code control, requirements gathering and unit testing. Languages:JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, JSON, YAML UML modeling Ability to work both individually and as part of a team We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID455:

ScrapedJobID456:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with focus in UX design, interactive media, game design or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with data structures/algorithms. 2 years of experience with software development with programming languages, or 1 year of experience with an advanced degree. Experience in front-end design, prototyping, building, deploying interactive experiences. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 2 years of experience with front-end frameworks, full-stack development, and/or API development. Experience developing accessible technologies. Experience in conducting user studies, designing with creative communities and integrating interactions into creators' workflows, and experience with music, art, and/or creative writing. Experience in full-stack web development (e.g., serving interactive ML models, visualizing model/user behavior, designing user experiences) and crowdsourcing/designing games for human-in-the-loop learning. Effective visual design skills for engaging users and impactful communication, and an interest in identifying new creative people and AI interaction paradigms. Grow user creativity by designing, building, and deploying delightful new creative tools leveraging cutting-edge generative models research. Enable human-in-the-loop research by working with researchers to iteratively design, build, and deploy user interactions as platforms for new research on learning from human feedback. Visualize and analyze user interaction traces to understand user behavior. Release and maintain open-source code for research and creative tools. Engage the broader community through giving talks (i.e. academic and general audience), writing blog posts, interviews with media, social media activity, and collaborative projects with artists and musicians. 
ScrapedJobID457:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID458:
Provide feedback on initiatives, identify opportunities for improvement, and collaborate on delivering the best IT solutions. Contribute in the complete lifecycle of software development using Agile development techniques like sprint planning, task estimation and development including Kanban, code review, unit testing, and CI/CD pipeline. Consult with different business units to identify, support and/or improve ways to leverage STEMCELL's applications and software. Deliver quality, clean and secure code following the industry and STEMCELL standards. Works effectively within existing architectures and follows best practices. Develops new instances within existing architectures, or makes minor improvements to existing architecture. Designs major new features and demonstrates a nuanced understanding of platform constraints and opportunities. Conduct research to keep up to date with new technology, evolving solutions and industry standards. Plan and perform regular scheduled maintenance, including updating documentation. Acts as a caretaker for all of the assigned code and performs code review when required for other team members. Resolve customer requests that are initiated through multiple support channels. Troubleshoots and resolves complex issues involving multiple systems or services. Identifies and resolves recurring root causes. Delivers consistently good quality work. Increases the robustness and reliability of codebases, and devotes time to polishing products and systems. Improves others' ability to deliver great quality work. Communicates effectively to close stakeholders when called upon, and incorporates constructive feedback. Communicates with the wider team appropriately, focusing on timeliness and good quality conversations. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field. 3-5 years of experience developing and implementing software applications. Experience using web front-end and back-end development languages and libraries including PHP, Javascript, MySQL, HTML, CSS, jQuery. Knowledge of Git. Understanding of Object Oriented Progrogramming, Data Structures and Algorithms and software development design patterns. Experience developing applications to work across multiple browsers, mobile platforms and operating systems. Ability to develop new instances within existing architectures, and/or make minor improvements to existing architecture, make sensible abstractions based on template and code patterns, understand how to spec and build interactive components independently and prototype simple new features quickly. Following knowledge are considered assets to the role: eCommerce platforms like Magento, version controls (we use Github), ticket management tools (we use Jira), ReactJS or other JS libraries, Caching technologies (Varnish, Redis, CDN), Linux, RESTful web APIs, Amazon Web Services, LESS, Message Queuing (SQS or RabbitMQ) are considered assets to the role. Team oriented and collaborative with a willingness to learn and work on all stages of the standard software life cycle including post-delivery support. Familiarity with Agile development techniques. Excellent problem-solving, critical thinking skills and communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID459:
Understand the User through insightful UX research Design and illustrate products, modules using design thinking that solves for human laziness, intrigue excitement for human change, while understanding the user Consider today, tomorrow, and the future of where the company is going Work closely with our engineering and development teams to ensure a cohesive customer experience Shape processes as well as products as required by end-users, payers, and marketing teams. Work closely with other designers and junior staff to teach and support their growth. Have 3+ years of experience designing great user experiences for mobile and desktop applications. Be hands-on and familiar working in Figma, Adobe Suites Jira, & other design tools Be able to perform UX research to design full high fidelity wireframes Be able to confidently interact with developers for clean hand-off Have front-end CSS experience Possess an eye for details and find joy in achieving pixel perfection Design human-centric thinking, crafting and execution Bonus: have experience building user acquisition-focused products in addition to marketing sites Be a clear communicator with the foresight to solve problems that don't even exist yet Care deeply about responsive, accessible, clean design and user experiences Want to build and create a great process along with products Possess self-awareness, positive attitude, resourcefulness Thrive in ambiguous situations and are equally comfortable being proactive and reactive Location: We are fully remote, and looking for applicants across Canada, but have access to offices in Markham and Toronto Bonus pay Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) UI/UX: 3 years (preferred) Front end CSS coding: 1 year (preferred) Team management: 2 years (preferred) Mobile application illustration: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID460:
Design and develop the web interface for new and existing applications using ReactJs/Nodejs. Leverage best practices and monitor performance and advise any necessary application and/or infrastructure changes Help drive transformation by continuously looking for ways to automate existing processes, test, and optimize data quality Explore new capabilities and technologies to drive innovation Create quality mockups and prototypes Write clean code that is maintainable and extensible. Build reusable code and libraries for future use. Optimize web interface for maximum speed and scalability. Monitor for and solve web app performance issues. Support the team for DevOps continuous integration and delivery Extensive experience with React as front-end framework, deep understanding of React.js, Webpack and related libraries for SPA. Knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques front-end development experience with web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other industry standard frameworks. Experience with NodeJs backend and related libraries. Hands-on Knowledge on HTTP network and async AJAX request to micro-services RESTful APIs with JSON. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Familiarity with code versioning tools (such as Git) and CI/CD concept. A passion for new technologies. A passion for simplifying and automating work, for making things better, for being efficient and helping others. Good communicator with strong written and oral communication skills Experience with event driven SPA sync communication technology, e.g. Kafka and WebSocket. Typescript Development for Cloud base Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID461:
A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline 5+ years of software development experience with front-end technologies such as Javascript, Angular, HTML, CSS, etc. Strong software engineering fundamentals including an unwavering belief in championing good design patterns, systems architecture, and scalable methodologies An unending desire to learn and to apply and share what you learn A passion for UX and an eye for UI Valuable experience delivering successful Linux solutions using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, REST, and SOAP Experience with Postgres, MongoDB, SQL, LDAP, Active Directory, or Redis Familiarity with C++, IPC, and real-time programming Are self-motivated, proactive, and learn quickly Truly enjoy working with others in team environments Are passionate about the work they do and are excited by new challenges Have demonstrated a strong desire to innovate and take initiative to get things done Have earned a high level of trust from past employers and colleagues 5+ years of software development experience with front-end technologies such as JavaScript, Angular, HTML, CSS, etc. Legal authorization to work in Canada indefinitely is required. Employer work permit sponsorship is not available for this position. 
ScrapedJobID462:
Working with team members to design, code, test and deploy an operational dashboard with a primary focus on building the frontend application in React.js Collaborate with internal stakeholder teams you will ensure proper integration with backend systems for device control and analytics to meet customers' expectations of a highly-reliable, always-on service Bring familiarity with building and using containers and other cloud-native tools Develop and maintain technical documentation and architecture Apply best practices of software development in different frameworks and troubleshoot integration issues Ensure a high level of code quality and integrity in software development projects Work with Project Managers and Network Planners to ensure the successful delivery of projects An understanding of the importance of automation and continuous integration and deployment 5+ years of experience as a developer Completed an Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineer or related field You also have strong interpersonal, critical thinking, analytical and problem solving skills You have mastered development of full stack systems from the database to the presentation layer Highly experienced with front-end development (ES2019 JavaScript, React, Redux, CSS) Proven experience in backend development (Node.js, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis) Experience with the Docker ecosystem Talented at taking a systems view approach to problem solving You know your way around with modern source code manager such at GIT You have experience in integration with third party APIs Experience in translating technical concepts and requirements for non-technical stakeholders Proven experience with client-side and back-end testing best practices and tooling Experience with Google Cloud Platform Experience with Terraform Experience designing, building and maintaining High Availability systems JIRA and Confluence knowledge Experience with Device Management solutions 
ScrapedJobID463:
At least 3 custom Shopify themes in your portfolio (this is a must!) Expert level proficiency with Themekit and other Shopify tools Ability to map storefront needs to Shopify Platform and App capabilities Detailed knowledge of the Shopify App ecosystem Production experience with at least one CSS pre-processor (SASS, LESS, PostCSS, etc) A detailed eye towards creating pixel perfect UI Experience building highly visual, professionally designed, UIs for consumer brands Solid experience with cross-device responsive web development techniques Knowledge of advanced debugging techniques and usage of browser developer tools A solid understanding of JavaScript An understanding of Git and command line tools Custom Shopify App Development Love of Agency life, variety and velocity! Client facing communication, presentation and relationship management skills Project team leadership skills Supervision and mentorship skills for lower level developers Remote position A public GitHub presence and portfolio samples will go a long way Please be prepared to provide code samples during the screening process Send resume and cover letter 
ScrapedJobID464:
Translate user requirements into the overall architecture and implementation of new systems Manage Project and coordinate with the Client Write backend code in Ruby, Python, Java, PHP languages Writing optimized front end code HTML and JavaScript Understand, create and debug database related queries Create test code to validate the application against client requirement Monitor the performance of web applications & infrastructure Troubleshooting web application with a fast and accurate a resolution Strong core Java or J2EE HTML/CSS Angular or REACT REACTJS Java Scripting Python, PHP, Ruby Node.JS(NPM) JQuery Git, GitHub, Sourcetree HTTP, Rest and SOAP Web Architecture Understand Relational Databases and web storage NoSQL Databases Database technology like SQL (Oracle/Sybase), SQLServer, MongoDB JUnit (or other Unit Testing framework) DOM, JSON, XML UI/UX Design Complete tasks assigned by team lead or client PM (may include analysis, design, coding, peer review, testing, or deployment activities). Attend and participate in all required meetings. Escalate issues and risks per the project escalation procedure 100% of the time Adhere to engagement processes and procedures including QMS, coding standards, as well as those defined by the client PM. Delivering all project tasks in accordance to the guidelines given in the clients Project plans  * Ensure that quality software is developed in accordance with the project’s Quality plan Ensure that code and the techniques used match the project standards for the technology Maintain a defect ratio of less than 5% for all tasks Build respectful relationships with team members, clients etc. demonstrating sensitivity towards diversity, managing conflicts and promoting team relationships. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Halifax, NS: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Java: 3 years (preferred) HTML/CSS: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Python: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID465:
Lead development of the HelpWear Android App Direct involvement in the software development for the HeartWatch system Developing new features that meet clinical and market requirements Code review and repository management Working together with UX designers in building out usable and accessible UI Working closely on our bluetooth device integration with the app Finding innovative methods to improve the overall usability of HelpWear’s system General understanding of software development processes as well as tools to power day to day operations to ship the application 2 Years in Android Development 1+ Years in Computer/Software Engineering or Software Developer experience Previous experience working with embedded systems/devices via bluetooth Worked with Bluetooth device integration with android Company events Discounted or free food Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Please provide a link to a portfolio of previous work you've completed. This can be over GitHub, other version control software, or any other webpage. Please write "I confirm" below to confirm that you have read and answered both of the previous questions. Note that failing to answer any of these questions may result in the rejection of your application. Android development: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID466:

ScrapedJobID467:
Working deeper with the JavaScript and Rails ecosystems Working with modern browser technologies and paradigms Building performant, secure and accessible web applications Building innovative products and features integrated with existing systems Maintaining large and continuously evolving web apps Translating complex business requirements into maintainable code A minimum of 5 years of experience building single-page applications in React (Typescript a plus) with a GraphQL or RESTful APIs Solid experience building, testing and maintaining client-facing products Experience working in a team environment Ability to participate in the design, implementation, and testing of the web application Participate in code reviews and spread your knowledge to the team Capacity to accept constructive code review and challenge your beliefs when presented with relevant evidence Outstanding problem-solving skills and can-do attitude Capacity and willingness to work in an agile multi-team environment Excellent communication skills and fluent in English and French is a nice to have Interest in mentoring, guiding and teaching junior developers; previous experience as a lead with direct reports, an asset 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual company get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software developers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID468:
Architect, define, design, implement, test, debug, deploy and evolve geospatial web applications and software/infrastructure capabilities Conduct and participate in technical and interface discussions, design reviews, code reviews and feature verifications with other team members. Monitor, triage and fix bugs in services with active stakeholders. Participate in sprint planning, sprint closure, sprint demos, and sprint retrospectives Drive the design and implementation of new system requirements, system level architecture. Participate in Product and Business Development discussions to advise on and influence the Product Roadmap Mentor and train fellow software engineers on software development best practices Ensure technical documentation for solution designs is created and maintained Recommend new technologies/patterns to ensure solution scalability, maintainability, and quality Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering or equivalent +1 for Master’s or higher degree in Computer Science or equivalent 7+ years of professional experience in software engineering with proven track record of successfully delivering against commitments +1 Experience in Earth Observation domain (e.g., image processing) +1 Experience in large scale backend API development 5+ years of professional experience developing complex front end applications interfacing with backend REST APIs +1 Experience in designing and implementing applications geospatial capabilities +1 Experience in user experience design Experience with front end testing framework and tools Experience developing and software systems deployed within a cloud-based environment (AWS, Azure, GCP) +1 for AWS Certifications Experience working within an Agile software development framework and Scrum processes Experience practicing DevOps and CICD Experience in leading technological advancement of existing capabilities Experience in leading, mentoring and growing fellow software engineers Excellent knowledge in front end development languages and frameworks including javascript, html5, css, typescript, react +1 Working knowledge of geospatial libraries such as leaftlet or mapboxGL +1 Working knowledge of Oauth authentication/authorization flow Excellent knowledge of REST API Excellent analytical, problem solving, debugging, and troubleshooting skills Excellent object-oriented and test-driven design skills Excellent knowledge of software systems architecture and patterns Working knowledge of AWS or other cloud services +1 Working knowledge of Infrastructure as Code Working knowledge in CICD, Configuration Management, Scalable and Cost Effective Cloud Infrastructure Architecture concepts Self-starter and self-learner attitude with the ability to manage and execute with minimal supervision Ability to take initiative, commit, and thrive in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Competitive compensation, full benefits and flexible time off Be part of a meaningful mission as part of one of Canada’s most innovative space companies that are developing sustainable solutions for our planet Continuous employee growth and development including training from leading experts in the field in advanced topics spanning remote sensing to cloud-native architecture Innovation time built into our schedule to foster new ideas and technological evolution Flexible working hours with work from home opportunities made to fit your life Great work environment, team and one of the best office locations in Vancouver (right over the water in the new Vancouver Convention Centre) Company subsidized bi-weekly team lunches, lunch & learns and Friday afternoon social hours 
ScrapedJobID469:
Develop, and test UI for web applications Build reusable code and libraries for future use Speak up when something can be done better Be a partner to ensure the technical feasibility of UX designs 5+ years of experience building responsive web interfaces that are mobile-ready using JS frameworks. At least 2 years experience shipping sites with React Have a strong understanding of accessibility guidelines Can spot misaligned pixels/components a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Familiarity with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID470:
Analyse business needs ; Participate in the design and development of solutions according to business needs ; Maintain the proper functioning of the application ; Document the technical choices and the various functionalities carried out ; Write effective tests to ensure the stability of the application ; Work within a multidisciplinary team. Energy, commitment and motivation ; Organization and rigor ; Passion to learn new technologies ; Experience in API (Python) and front-end development ; Demonstrate innovation in the solutions developed ; A jack of all trades ready to take on new challenges ; University degree in Computer sciences or equivalent combination of training and experience ; Programming language : Python, Java, HTLM, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax ; Scripting : Bash / Groovy ; Deployment cycle : Jenkins, Git ; 
ScrapedJobID471:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID472:

ScrapedJobID473:
Design, develop, and deploy eCommerce core capabilities and enable on banner sites using third-party solutions. Work with stakeholders, product managers, designers and business units to execute the roadmap and support the multiple banners. Perform coding, debugging, testing and troubleshooting throughout the development application process. Site updates, API integrations, integration library, templating, support front end and back-end improvements, and quickly resolve site issues. Ensure consistently excellent performance on all major devices and browsers, including fast load times & bug-free core functionality. Implementing third-party solutions & apps including search, content and asset management, pricing, promotion and inventory. Conduct peer code reviews. 5+ years’ experience as a web developer Strong foundation of eCommerce platforms Experience building resilient, scalable and reliable services with high performance and speed. Experience with HTML, CSS, React, JavaScript, Ruby on Rails, TypeScript, Vue.js. Support front end and backend and quickly resolve site issues. Up to date with the latest digital marketing, content management and eCommerce trends and applications. Comfortable working in an Agile methodology with SCRUM teams Experience Revision Control Systems (Bitbucket) Experience with JIRA and Confluence Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently Knowledge of retail ecommerce Proficient in Shopify, Shopify JS APIs, API integrations, integration library, and Liquid templating language. Experience in developing an e-commerce solution (Shopify, Magento, hybris etc) Must be a self-motivated individual who takes pride in delivering high quality work Maintains excellent communication of project updates Strong verbal and written communication skills Well organized and professional 
ScrapedJobID474:
Analyze, modify, write, and implement software code related to the creation and maintenance of software applications and services Create software requirement documentation, software design analysis and implementation Design and produce screens and workflows that support collection and display of complex information in an easy-to-understand fashion Analyze code and application execution for optimization and performance tuning Produce accurate software implementation estimates and delivers upon agreed schedule Provide input for the development and ongoing maintenance of technical documentation Collaborate with other engineers to provide the best solution possible that conforms to best engineering practices, including writing of unit tests and code reviews Contribute to ongoing improvements to the development process A degree in Engineering, Information Technology, or a related discipline Minimum 5+ years with a proven track record of developing and maintaining applications in an enterprise or commercial environment Expert knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Proficient in building web applications using React and other UI libraries Proven experienced with C#, and ASP.NET Experience with data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems fundamentals Experience with relational databases, including SQL Server We provide opportunities for career-growth within a fast-scaling company We offer flexible remote work arrangements We offer an extensive benefits plan We offer opportunities for continuous training and professional development (in-house and external) to learn the latest technologies We offer our employees a profit-sharing plan that provides them with the benefits of their hard work We are heavily involved in the community and join various events of non-profit organizations We pride ourselves on our company culture (our last Employee Survey resulted in a score of 100% in inclusiveness and diversity) 
ScrapedJobID475:
Developing features for external and internal websites to enhance the user experience. Ensuring user experience determines design choices. Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design. Additional related responsibilities as required. Excellent front-end web development skills. Excellent graphic design skills. Experience with graphic design applications. Experience with PDF Accessibility Proficiency with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and asp.net. Experience with mobile website design and optimization for smartphones. Experience with responsive and adaptive design Experience with Dreamweaver, Visual Studio, Adobe Illustrator etc. Experience with Version Control. Experience with SharePoint (preferable). Understanding of key design principles. Understanding of SEO principles. Excellent attention to detail, organizational skills and time management skills. Resourcefulness and ability to problem solve and propose solutions as required. Satisfactory Background Check, Technical Skills Evaluations and Employment References. 
ScrapedJobID476:
Develop modern front-end solutions using best practices Implement and maintain new high-quality features Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies Mentor and advise the whole front-end team Angular 12 (TypeScript) Go back-end servers Azure / Kubernetes NoSQL, MongoDB, ArangoDB, Redis Bitbucket Experience in Angular development (or similar experience) Good communication skills Experience with version control management, Atlassian Suite Proactive, motivated, detail oriented The ideal candidate is exceptionally detail-oriented and derives joy from bringing rigor, structure, and organization to large datasets, complex systems, and intricate analyses; You derive satisfaction from thoroughly and thoughtfully describing a system for both technical and non-technical audiences; Superlative organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills; A flexible attitude to job roles as well as a willingness to contribute wherever needed. The ideal candidate will take full ownership of their core responsibilities, and will be comfortable with those responsibilities evolving with the changing needs of the company; Ability to contribute in a multidisciplinary team as a strong team player, focused on delivering results against multiple deadlines in a fast-paced growing environment. 
ScrapedJobID477:
Development, analysis, and testing of web applications and supporting services Integration and deployment of applications and tools Document and maintain a library of processes and guides Meet all SLA requirements through managing and supporting the team through Service Desk Support all existing applications and services Assist with all campus management systems and student portal(s) used by Navitas UP North
America including, but not exclusive to, application client installation and configuration, user
training, documentation, and troubleshooting Contribute to Navitas projects as required Perform other duties as assigned A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar field 2+ years in a development role Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Working knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills WordPress, Drupal HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP MSSQL, MySQL Apache Legal authorization to work in the U.S. and/or Canada Experience in AWS Experience in administering Linux (Debian, Ubuntu) is desirable for this role General working knowledge of networks and servers Experience working in a distributed office environment, domestically or regionally 
ScrapedJobID478:
4+ years of serious web development experience with JavaScript/TypeScript, and a JS framework such as VueJs, React, or Angular A proven track record of building component/design libraries Skilled with CSS/SASS Experience with TDD and front-end testing frameworks such as Jest In-depth understanding and experience with JS bundlers (eg. Webpack, Gulp, Rollup) Good understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git / Mercurial / SVN 
ScrapedJobID479:
8 hour shift How many years of PHP Experience do you have? Is travel to Mississauga daily an issue? No 
ScrapedJobID480:
Casual dress Company events Flexible schedule On-site parking 8 hour shift Web Design: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID481:
At least 3 custom Shopify themes in your portfolio (this is a must!) Expert level proficiency with Themekit and other Shopify tools Ability to map storefront needs to Shopify Platform and App capabilities Detailed knowledge of the Shopify App ecosystem Production experience with at least one CSS pre-processor (SASS, LESS, PostCSS, etc) A detailed eye towards creating pixel perfect UI Experience building highly visual, professionally designed, UIs for consumer brands Solid experience with cross-device responsive web development techniques Knowledge of advanced debugging techniques and usage of browser developer tools A solid understanding of JavaScript An understanding of Git and command line tools Custom Shopify App Development Love of Agency life, variety and velocity! Client facing communication, presentation and relationship management skills Project team leadership skills Supervision and mentorship skills for lower level developers Remote position A public GitHub presence and portfolio samples will go a long way Please be prepared to provide code samples during the screening process Send resume and cover letter 
ScrapedJobID482:
Location: Niagara Falls, ON Working Hours: Monday – Friday, 8:15 am-5:00 pm on site Benefits: Full comprehensive (dental, medical and eye) 80/20 split-Single Other perks: Annual professional development fund, RRSP, Fitness incentive, 50% off on CWD brands, team events & many more Company website: www.cwdlimited.com Construct, develop, code, debug and maintain company websites in the Magento platform using JavaScript, PHP, CSS, HTML (Full Stack) Execute esthetic changes recommended by the Marketing and Design teams Create and maintain mobile-optimized websites Integrate and optimize third party extensions and add-ons Implement SEO enhancing elements into coding Communicate complex ideas in a simplified easy to understand way Effectively complete other duties as assigned Magento certified or relevant experience JavaScript, PHP, CSS, HTML proficiency Proficient with GIT version control and PHP Storm The ability to decipher and reconstruct PHP coding A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Post-Secondary in Web development or related program 1-2 years website coding experience in a similar field Experience with WordPress is considered an asset A link to a mobile site you have developed A link to a website you have coded and integrated a CMS A link to a Magento website you worked on Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care On-site parking RRSP match Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Niagara Falls, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) website coding: 3 years (preferred) 25% (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID483:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 3+ years professional experience in CMS and/or web development with languages and environments such as JAVA or AEM Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (after Covid - we're all grounded for now) Passion for what you do Work as part of the team to consult with clients, build relationships, discuss requirements, and lend your expertise Develop innovative solutions in a collaborative team environment - delivering not only what’s asked for, but going beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work with new and existing websites to build reusable and modular web pages / features Develop and replicate design patterns Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Perform accessibility testing along with cross-browser and device testing A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, but work on enterprise grade projects Full health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID484:
Remote friendly – work from anywhere you feel inspired Hours of training paid for via an online training platform (Udemy) Team social events The opportunity to be part of a growing company that rethinks and revolutionizes digital marketing, and to make a difference! Analyze and understand clients' business needs, and act as strategic advisory services to them. Define the information structure and architecture of our client's websites and online stores, taking into account technical requirements Develop websites and online stores from mockups Integrate landing pages Modification of existing websites (website restructuring, integration or modification of content, integration of forms, banners, and pop-ups, etc.) Perform website migration if necessary Update our clients' websites Create and configure customer accounts, as well as automation on our CRM platform Integrate newsletters, banners, or pop-ups on our CRM platform Manage web hosting, SSL certificates, and DNS servers for our clients The personality! We are looking for someone creative, autonomous, collaborative, proactive, curious, with a strong ability to work effectively on several projects, and with a great interest in new technologies! 3 to 5 years of experience in web integration and development, ideally in an agency Excellent knowledge of HTML/CSS Excellent knowledge of WordPress, WooCommerce, and Shopify Good knowledge of new technologies and best practices in user experience Knowledge of WordPress ACF Pro and CPT UI plugins Knowledge of Javascript / PHP, WHM, and cPanel, and integration into CRM tools, an asset Ideally, bilingual English/French 
ScrapedJobID485:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Physically demanding Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID486:
Design and development of new features and improvements to the Citi Velocity 2.0 UI Framework. Discuss, interpret and implement requirements with business and tech users, and perform demos of completed iterations Perform peer code reviews, take part in group design discussions, mentor junior team members Conduct tasks related to feasibility studies, time and cost estimates, IT planning, risk technology, applications development, model development, and establish and implement new or revised applications systems and programs to meet specific business needs or user areas Monitor and control all phases of development process and analysis, design, construction, testing, and implementation as well as provide user and operational support on applications to business users Utilize in-depth specialty knowledge of applications development to analyze complex problems/issues, provide evaluation of business process, system process, and industry standards, and make evaluative judgement Recommend and develop security measures in post implementation analysis of business usage to ensure successful system design and functionality Consult with users/clients and other technology groups on issues, recommend advanced programming solutions, and install and assist customer exposure systems Ensure essential procedures are followed and help define operating standards and processes Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision. Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy. Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members. Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. At least 2 Years commercial C#/WPF development experience, with strong OO knowledge. Excellent general programming, software design and problem solving skills Strong Academic Record, ideally with a Computer Science, Maths, Physics or Engineering degree. Excellent attention to detail, a good eye for design, and strong communication skills. Strong software engineering skills – e.g. use of best practices, design patterns. Understanding of UX and interaction design Experience interfacing with various back-end technologies, frameworks and services Knowledge in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and modern JavaScript framework i.e. Angular.js, Node.js Has significant experience with cross-platform / responsive design & development and Responsive/Adaptive builds Has experience working with an automated front-end toolchains built using modern technologies and can actively participate in defining best practices Experience in systems analysis and programming of software applications Experience in managing and implementing successful projects Ability to work under pressure and manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements Experience of Agile methodologies, plus use of Subversion and Continuous Build servers. Knowledge of other programming languages, and advanced technologies Self-motivation, enthusiasm, willingness to learn. Strong planning and organisation skills. Experience of working in Banking / Markets desirable but not required Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID487:
Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. The position requires constant communication with colleagues. Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units. Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript or Ruby on Rails A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field 
ScrapedJobID488:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Criminal record check Computer Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Desktop applications Effective interpersonal skills Client focus 
ScrapedJobID489:
Participate in the technical design and implementation of software Maintain and advance our core technical standards End-to-end problem solving and debugging skills Produce functional as well as technical documentation for all applications to be developed Provide peer level support in areas of expertise to other team members Conform to and evolve user interface standard Minimum of 2 years of experience developing front end components of web applications Experience with a well-known relational database, preferably MS SQL Experience with HTML5, XML, CSS3, AngularJS v1and JavaScript User Design and implementation Front end frameworks such as, Bootstrap and jQuery Knowledge of contemporary software development methodologies and processes especially “agile” Proven diagnostic and problem solving skills Ability to effectively interact with peers and managers Strong organizational skills Excellent communication and self-motivation skills 
ScrapedJobID490:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID491:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with an emphasis on front-end systems We emphasize user-centric features and long-term business goals through team involvement. You will be contributing to our product through Lean UX style product design You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring interest and growing experience with UX technology Your team delivers: Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Passion for Technology Proficiency with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) Proficiency with one or more modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Knowledgeable in working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Proficiency designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Nice to have - experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc.) Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Lots of team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Excellent healthcare benefits Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID492:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Initiative Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID493:
Provide thought leadership to prospects and customers in areas of digital customer experience technologies Build relationships and become a trusted advisor for Appnovation's customers, business development, client services and project leadership teams Partner with Appnovation colleagues from Strategy, Creative/UX, Data Science, Architecture, Engineering, Creative Technology, Quality and Delivery on ideation, proposal definition and delivery of world class innovative customer experiences Actively contribute to Pre-Sales activity, product lifecycle planning, statement of work (scope, deliverables, tasks, effort estimations and risk/constraint identification) and project delivery Contribute to the ideation process for user experience and delivery process refinements Lead effective interpretations of client's needs as outlined in creative briefs Audit existing implementations, identify gaps, recommend improvements and benefits Translate marketing strategies and creative requirements into technical specifications Articulating and advocating best practices Solve complex user experience functional and technical challenges Implement and promote adherence of group technology standards and practices to ensure the highest degree of software quality Adhering to client technology standards and practices Create and present demos, proof of concepts or work in progress based on unique customer scenarios in client facing meetings Conduct code reviews Deliver code that is optimized for effectivity, efficiency and security Stay current with technology and industry best practices to ensure that skill set/knowledge base remains broad and current Bring in new sources of creative inspiration to your work and team Create knowledge base articles for marketing, case studies, whitepapers and/or to share experiences with broader Appnovation team Deliver applicable supporting documentation Educate staff members through training and individual support Bachelor's Degree in business (marketing focus preferred), computer science, or equivalent 6+ years of web development experience, developing across multiple platforms and has delivered projects as part of a team Expert knowledge in HTML5, CSS3 and vanilla Javascript Deep understanding of modern web interface development frameworks and build tools Deep understanding of combining design theory and user centric design principles with content, navigation, usability, behavioural analytics tagging, accessibility and SEO considerations Deep understanding of typography, illustration, storyboarding and iconography Deep understanding of software quality attributes (e.g. Correctness, Reliability, Adequacy, Learnability, Robustness, Maintainability, Readability, Extensibility, Testability, Efficiency, Portability) Expertise in React an asset Strong understanding of CSS architecture best practices Strong understanding and experience with digital style guides and related concepts & tools (e.g. design tokens, Storybook, Material Design, Material UI) Strong understanding and experience with version control systems Strong understanding of security and privacy by design principles Strong understanding of DevOps principles and processes Experience working with WCAG 2.x Level AA Experience with e2e testing, CircleCI, GitHub Pull Request workflow Experience managing and/or mentoring other developers Experience working with one or more Content Management Systems (coupled and headless) and Digital Asset Management Systems (e.g. Adobe, Sitecore, Drupal or Contentful) Experience working with microarchitectures, SOAP and REST APIs Experience working with delivery methodologies (eg. Waterfall, Agile - Scrum, SAFe, DAD) Experience in customer facing roles Excellent communication skills ML and ML APIs, Data visualization, PWA, Service Workers, and performance optimization 
ScrapedJobID494:
Contribute to the development of a modern UI/UX using the latest front-end technologies Develop and test high quality microservices following a Cloud-Native architecture Be an active participant in all activities of an Agile team: feature grooming, sprint-planning, daily scrum, demos and retrospectives Bachelor's Degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. 3+ years of experience with front-end development using Angular framework (knowledge of Angular version 8 or later, preferably Angular 11). Proficient knowledge & experience in integration technologies: REST, JSON, Jenkins, Docker, Helm, Spinnaker, Kubernetes. Experience using Jira, GIT and Gerrit in Agile software development Excellent written and verbal communication skills Passion to learn new technologies and embrace change Cloud native technology experience, preferably Microservice-based architecture Knowledge of Artifactory, Gradle, Maven 
ScrapedJobID495:
Extensive experience in hand coding of HTML, CSS, AS2, AS3, JS from scratch Experience working with REST services and 3rd party APIs using AJAX / JSON Expert of web standards and CSS/media query/responsive layouts/DOM Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and code solutions Understanding of JavaScript MVC and other design patterns Literacy and project knowledge of server side technologies Experience with PHP & MySQL is an asset. Passion for software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, simplicity, documentation, etc.) UI architecture and interaction design to help design GUI standards for new .Net application evaluate existing style guides, style sheets, and master page standards to ensure existing GUI standards are best in practice for business needs Improving mechanisms for tracking end-user’s actions across all components and sending them to servers in cross-platform environments Working with Back-End team to use internal APIs and REST services for enhanced functionality of front end interfaces Working with HTML/CSS3 for building excellent UX interfaces Ensuring strong security compliance across all source codes Successful candidates will be well trained in design, illustrate an ability to apply strategic thinking and business goals to design work, possess an understanding of both work flow and user tasks, and will be known for having a good eye, usability focus, and aesthetic values. Be capable of defining and implementing design criteria, design guidelines, and design specifications, including mockups and Wire frames that satisfy usability and functional requirements that are scalable and that leverage existing technologies, third party tools, etc. as defined by the business. Compare, contrast, and prioritize among alternative approaches to meeting design objectives, using judgment to suggest solutions to design problems that optimize among customer needs, business constraints, and technological realities Illustrate experience in conceptual development and creative prototypes as well as tactical UI design and implementation Ability to mentor in-house UI staff on the best practices of the discipline and to ensure adequate knowledge transfer and documentation such that this skill set is enhanced within the Client's UI Design Team. Lead by example, judgment, experience, and design principles Illustrate drive for ease of use and simplicity despite complexity of software/desktop applications Learn new technology quickly, from the core applications being developed to new design tools Demonstrated ability to work effectively in an environment with some ambiguity, as the range of applications are from vague to well defined, simple to complex. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with user researchers, UI text writers, peer UI designers and to accept input from a variety of peers and sponsors Demonstrated ability to produce detailed UI specifications that can be understood by users but also provide sufficient description and instruction for programmers such that the risks of different approaches/interpretations are mitigated. Demonstrated ability to present UI decisions and to build team consensus around new UI designs. Demonstrated experience identifying user profiles, their related user interface (UI) needs and tasks and in employing methods of user centered design. Demonstrated experience designing, conducting and analyzing iterative usability evaluations with representative users and then modifying UI mockups to address specific usability issues identified. Four-year product/interaction design or graphic design degree. Minimum 4 - 8 years industry experience, preferably in corporate and software publishing. 4-5 years s/w and/or web application product experience. Experience in high volume transaction processing applications, case management systems, high-profile software products. Extensive experience with Visual Studio, Style Sheets and Photo shop. Strong portfolio available for viewing. Strong mockup skills; efficient prototyping and scripting skills. Experience with all other major design, multimedia, and operating system software: Flash, Director, Visio/Visual Basic, Windows, Infragistics, Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) QuarkXpress, PageMaker (Mac experience acceptable as long as candidate has significant experience designing and producing on the PC as well.) 
ScrapedJobID496:
Creating and enhancing parent and child themes that can be easily extended for use on multiple websites Developing reusable web and React components that can be used on a variety of different web properties Creating and enhancing custom WordPress plugins Creating new features, resolving bugs, maintaining and optimizing our existing web properties Translating product requests into working software Evaluating emerging technologies and development methodologies against business needs Contributing to the overall development technical roadmap and strategy Participating in regular code reviews to help formulate and ensure adherence to internal and industry best practices and guidelines Collaborating with team members of different disciplines across multiple Scrum teams on a regular bases 5+ years of professional software development experience with proven competency in web applications Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Design, Multimedia or demonstrated industry hands on experience Expert knowledge of WordPress including: WordPress functions, hooks (action and filters) Data sanitization and escaping techniques WordPress best practices, coding standards and security concerns Expertise with development languages, tools and frameworks including: PHP, Composer, npm, Gulp, CSS3, SASS, JSON, HTML/HTML5 Git Version Control Web Accessibility Standards Strong understanding of the following technologies: ReactJS, Next.js, ES6 Experience consuming REST or GraphQL based APIs Bootstrap (or other responsive frameworks) RESTful API Caching CDN Proficient knowledge of: Scrum (Agile Practices) Software development lifecycle (SDLC) Test Driven Development (TDD) Object-Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) Design Patterns and Principles (MVC, KISS, DRY, YAGNI, Single Responsibility etc.) SEO best practices Website performance optimization strategies Solid understanding of website architecture that integrates multiple data sources. The ability to work on multiple tasks, prioritizing and organizing as needed to maximize productivity Experience working with public facing, high-visibility, mission-critical applications Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills Docker Video streaming + video on demand JW HTML5 Player Vualto Adobe Primetime/Pass DRM Ad Integration (DFP, GPT) Metrics (Adobe/GA/ComScore) No phone calls please. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
ScrapedJobID497:
Work within a cross-functional team (including designers, product managers, architects and other developers) to deliver compelling products and services to our customers Design, write, test, and deploy high quality scalable code Implement our technical roadmap as we scale our services and build new products Maintain standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Work out loud by sharing your experiences and expertise, helping to improve and enhance processes Take ownership of your work and work autonomously when necessary Participate in code reviews, and apply software development best practices Work with the following technologies: JavaScript + React A degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and at ample experience in developing and maintaining software or an equivalent level of education or work experience, and a track record of substantial contributions to software projects with high business impact You are proficient in at least one programming language, ideally: React or other modern JS frameworks (Angular, Node, Vue), and have a desire to learn other languages You have experience in software design: you know how to analyze and design features, drive discussions, and propose technical solutions You have been a solid contributor in teams that have worked on medium-to-large sized projects that had an impact on business; an understanding of SaaS software development practice is considered an asset You know how to apply best practices to ensure high-quality code (i.e. automated tests; code reviews) Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs Self Development: is personally committed to, and actively works to continuously improve Problem Solving: uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity: can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID498:

ScrapedJobID499:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Physically demanding Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID500:

ScrapedJobID501:
Freshers Recruitment : Currently through Campus placement only. 
ScrapedJobID502:
Build greenfield financial applications alongside your Adaptive colleagues Use the latest technology to create elegant and robust solutions Contribute to building and releasing quality software on time Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts Participate in a test-driven, agile environment Keep up to date with the developments in technology and quickly adapt to them to achieve better results Extensive client-side development experience, gained while building single-page web applications Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures Proficiency in user-interface technologies in addition to JavaScript, eg HTML5 and CSS3; and in React.js Practical knowledge of web tooling such as Webpack, NPM, Yarn, Gulp and PostCSS Understanding of ES6 and newer ES specifications Proficient with Chrome developer tools, including knowing how to diagnose and fix performance issues Experience of working on front office systems Language: English (fluent) Working with distributed teams TypeScript, Rx.js, Redux Event-driven APIs Real time trading experience Strong desire to raise the bar for your team technically Tenacious, curious, and collaborative in all aspects of your work A quick learner with excellent communication skills No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance and Friday beers 
ScrapedJobID503:
Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Integrate functionality and data via API calls Client-side data and state management Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Education - Must have a diploma/degree in computer science, geography, geographic analysis or equivalent Experience - A minimum of 2 years of work experience in a geodemography/software development environment. Must also be skilled in the following:
Proficient knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3
Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS
Strong understanding of JavaScirpt / TypeScript, including libraries and frameworks, such as, React, Angular, Vue, etc.
Good understanding of asynchronous request handling.
Experience managing application state, data refresh, etc. Proficient knowledge of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Strong understanding of JavaScirpt / TypeScript, including libraries and frameworks, such as, React, Angular, Vue, etc. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling. Experience managing application state, data refresh, etc. Analytical Skills – Effectively researches and synthesizes complex or diverse information; uses intuition and experience to complement data and designs work flows and procedures. Judgment - Displays willingness to make timely decisions, including appropriate people in the decision-making process and exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions. Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities effectively. Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views, giving and welcoming feedback. Puts success of team above own interests and demonstrates ability to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives. Supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity and meets challenges with resourcefulness. Generates suggestions for improving work. Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' agreement. Skills Development – Demonstrates willingness and ability to continuously acquire new technical skills and adapt to emerging software development technologies and practices. Communication Skills – Able to clearly communicate ideas and expectations. Effectively listens for understanding and asks questions for clarification. Presents ideas effectively in both verbal and written form. Interpersonal Skills – Approachable and easy to talk to. Relates well to all kinds of people in the organization. Able to effectively build rapport with others. Uses diplomacy and tact. Maintains composure and shows an ability to resolve conflicts and gain agreement. 
ScrapedJobID504:

ScrapedJobID505:

ScrapedJobID506:
Contribute to a cross-functional agile team developing and maintaining web sites for some of the biggest names in the financial industry Develop single page applications in React or Vue Produce RESTful API applications in Node.js which adhere to specifications defined in Swagger 2.0/OpenAPI Utilize microservice-style backend applications to retrieve and process complex datasets Create visually stunning client-side rendered charts and graphs Use your knowledge of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines to produce applications that make content accessible to all users Mentor and learn from developers of all levels, continually building your own skill sets and capabilities in order to help teams achieve their sprint and project goals Partner with our amazing design team to bring our client’s vision to reality Tap into your passion for building intuitive, performant, and secure web experiences to create the next generation of industry leading web sites Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 3+ years of application development experience Experience developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet, and desktop Applicable experience using the following technologies: JavaScript, HTML, CSS jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS. SASS React, Vue, or Angular Node.js Web Accessibility (WCAG 2.1 AA) NPM, Gulp, Continuous Integration Tools Centralized version control system like Git or Subversion RESTful APIs with Swagger/OpenAPI specifications Ability to work independently or in a team-oriented environment Experience working in an Agile Development environment Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills Experience working with containers Experience using tools such as GitHub, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Artifactory, Consul, and Docker Experience with Continuous Integration and automated testing Knowledge of Financial domain 
ScrapedJobID507:
Create responsive and custom WordPress websites using Elementor page builder as a foundation, and able to tailor the rest of the site to match mockups Upload festival program content to our website using WordPress platform Optimize SEO of WordPress websites Recommend and implement website performance improvements Development, debugging and maintenance of existing and new WordPress web projects Check website content for accuracy Proofread and edit the text before publishing Assist with delivery of event content and programming, archival coverage, and other event specific tasks during event days Strong HTML5, CSS3, PHP, MySQL, JQuery skills Experience with servers / hosting Ability to work very closely with designers and respect pixel perfect design Aesthetically inclined and an appreciation for good design Having hands-on experience creating wireframes by using Adobe XD is an asset Knowledgeable on current best practices and trends in user experience/user interfaces Strong time management ability to meet changing priorities while meeting strict deadlines Experience working in a highly collaborative environment Strong detail-oriented and organized Yes 
ScrapedJobID508:
Build out the front end for website and web applications Interact with WASM to draw and handle events 5+ years of experience with JavaScript Experience with modern web design and development tools and paradigms Familiarity with modern mobile browser technologies Familiarity with WASM Familiarity with WebGL Experience in building consumer or social products from the ground up Competitive salary, at home perks and participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. 
ScrapedJobID509:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID510:
Be part of a dynamic team that is passionate about creating industry-changing, cloud-based applications and platforms. Solve real customer problems and experiment with new ideas. Decompose existing software systems while working with and influencing others to improve overall architecture Collaborate with QA engineers to ensure accurate and comprehensive testing coverage Contribute to troubleshooting and technical support of the product Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle 5+ years of UI development experience Proficiency with JavaScript ES6 experience Familiarity with open-source Java stack development (Java, Gradle, Git, Jenkins, JUnit, Tomcat) Experience working with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React or Vue) Knowledge of unit test frameworks like Jest and React-testing-library Proficiency with CSS abstraction layers (e.g. SASS or JSS) Engineer Perspective: 3 Reasons to Consider Veeva Engineering at Veeva Allocations for continuous learning & development Annual budget to donate to the non-profit of your choice Health & wellness programs 
ScrapedJobID511:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Initiative Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID512:
At least 3 custom Shopify themes in your portfolio (this is a must!) Expert level proficiency with Themekit and other Shopify tools Ability to map storefront needs to Shopify Platform and App capabilities Detailed knowledge of the Shopify App ecosystem Production experience with at least one CSS pre-processor (SASS, LESS, PostCSS, etc) A detailed eye towards creating pixel perfect UI Experience building highly visual, professionally designed, UIs for consumer brands Solid experience with cross-device responsive web development techniques Knowledge of advanced debugging techniques and usage of browser developer tools A solid understanding of JavaScript An understanding of Git and command line tools Custom Shopify App Development Love of Agency life, variety and velocity! Client facing communication, presentation and relationship management skills Project team leadership skills Supervision and mentorship skills for lower level developers Remote position A public GitHub presence and portfolio samples will go a long way Please be prepared to provide code samples during the screening process Send resume and cover letter 
ScrapedJobID513:
React.js (Front-end) Node.js (Back-end) Experience with Databases Experience with IBM Cloud Experience in HTML & CSS JavaScript development including responsible design (CSS3) Experience with jQuery and/or AngularJS Experience in JavaScript development Experience in working on Agile projects Experience in Java (enterprise) Experience in Java (microservices) English: Fluent 4-5 years of experience in angular (Front End) 4-5 years of experience in Java (Backend) Experience with IBM Cloud 
ScrapedJobID514:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 3+ years professional experience in CMS and/or web development with languages and environments such as JAVA or AEM Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (after Covid - we're all grounded for now) Passion for what you do Work as part of the team to consult with clients, build relationships, discuss requirements, and lend your expertise Develop innovative solutions in a collaborative team environment - delivering not only what’s asked for, but going beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work with new and existing websites to build reusable and modular web pages / features Develop and replicate design patterns Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Perform accessibility testing along with cross-browser and device testing A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, but work on enterprise grade projects Full health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID515:
Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Attention to detail Tight deadlines Unix MS Windows Linux MAC JavaOS Programming languages Website creation and management software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID516:
Extensive experience in hand coding of HTML, CSS, AS2, AS3, JS from scratch Experience working with REST services and 3rd party APIs using AJAX / JSON Expert of web standards and CSS/media query/responsive layouts/DOM Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and code solutions Understanding of JavaScript MVC and other design patterns Literacy and project knowledge of server side technologies Experience with PHP & MySQL is an asset. Passion for software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, simplicity, documentation, etc.) UI architecture and interaction design to help design GUI standards for new .Net application evaluate existing style guides, style sheets, and master page standards to ensure existing GUI standards are best in practice for business needs Improving mechanisms for tracking end-user’s actions across all components and sending them to servers in cross-platform environments Working with Back-End team to use internal APIs and REST services for enhanced functionality of front end interfaces Working with HTML/CSS3 for building excellent UX interfaces Ensuring strong security compliance across all source codes Successful candidates will be well trained in design, illustrate an ability to apply strategic thinking and business goals to design work, possess an understanding of both work flow and user tasks, and will be known for having a good eye, usability focus, and aesthetic values. Be capable of defining and implementing design criteria, design guidelines, and design specifications, including mockups and Wire frames that satisfy usability and functional requirements that are scalable and that leverage existing technologies, third party tools, etc. as defined by the business. Compare, contrast, and prioritize among alternative approaches to meeting design objectives, using judgment to suggest solutions to design problems that optimize among customer needs, business constraints, and technological realities Illustrate experience in conceptual development and creative prototypes as well as tactical UI design and implementation Ability to mentor in-house UI staff on the best practices of the discipline and to ensure adequate knowledge transfer and documentation such that this skill set is enhanced within the Client's UI Design Team. Lead by example, judgment, experience, and design principles Illustrate drive for ease of use and simplicity despite complexity of software/desktop applications Learn new technology quickly, from the core applications being developed to new design tools Demonstrated ability to work effectively in an environment with some ambiguity, as the range of applications are from vague to well defined, simple to complex. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with user researchers, UI text writers, peer UI designers and to accept input from a variety of peers and sponsors Demonstrated ability to produce detailed UI specifications that can be understood by users but also provide sufficient description and instruction for programmers such that the risks of different approaches/interpretations are mitigated. Demonstrated ability to present UI decisions and to build team consensus around new UI designs. Demonstrated experience identifying user profiles, their related user interface (UI) needs and tasks and in employing methods of user centered design. Demonstrated experience designing, conducting and analyzing iterative usability evaluations with representative users and then modifying UI mockups to address specific usability issues identified. Four-year product/interaction design or graphic design degree. Minimum 4 - 8 years industry experience, preferably in corporate and software publishing. 4-5 years s/w and/or web application product experience. Experience in high volume transaction processing applications, case management systems, high-profile software products. Extensive experience with Visual Studio, Style Sheets and Photo shop. Strong portfolio available for viewing. Strong mockup skills; efficient prototyping and scripting skills. Experience with all other major design, multimedia, and operating system software: Flash, Director, Visio/Visual Basic, Windows, Infragistics, Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) QuarkXpress, PageMaker (Mac experience acceptable as long as candidate has significant experience designing and producing on the PC as well.) 
ScrapedJobID517:
Lead a team of 5-6 Software Developers to deliver on time and maintaining high standards of software quality by establishing good practices and habits. Hands-on involvement in development, design, architecture, and code review Apply principles and methodologies of scrum agile development practices Maintain regular communication with the stake holders to ensure quality and timely product deliveries (code review) Ensure that technical and quality standards are applied throughout the software development lifecycle Review and analyze the effectiveness of existing applications and develop strategies to improve the systems in place. Identify and encourage areas for growth and improvement within the team. Document and test to ensure the quality of the completed work requirement Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent Must have 5+ Years of experience in Software Development Prior Leadership/Management experience with a proven success track record is preferred Effective written and verbal communication skills Must have 3+ years experience working with Front-end technologies (Angular 2+, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, React) Knowledge of web components is preferred Ability to conduct thorough code reviews and provide valuable feedback to other developers Nice to have experience working with Back-end technologies (C++, C#) Excellent problem-solving skills with the ability to translate requirements into technical design Strong belief in Leadership and accountability. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing RRSP match Stock options Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Software Development: 7 years (required) Angular 2+, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, React: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID518:
Contribute to the development of a modern UI/UX using the latest front-end technologies Develop and test high quality microservices following a Cloud-Native architecture Be an active participant in all activities of an Agile team: feature grooming, sprint-planning, daily scrum, demos and retrospectives Bachelor's Degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. 3+ years of experience with front-end development using Angular framework (knowledge of Angular version 8 or later, preferably Angular 11). Proficient knowledge & experience in integration technologies: REST, JSON, Jenkins, Docker, Helm, Spinnaker, Kubernetes. Experience using Jira, GIT and Gerrit in Agile software development Excellent written and verbal communication skills Passion to learn new technologies and embrace change Cloud native technology experience, preferably Microservice-based architecture Knowledge of Artifactory, Gradle, Maven 
ScrapedJobID519:
Design the new Sheen for She Foundation website Website planning using Jira and Confluence Create Prototypes on Adobe XD SEO, Website testing and Maintenance Attend weekly team meetings on Slack Assist with blog posts on WordPress Educational Background: Web Design, Web Development, Computer Science, or Information Technology Experience with WordPress Prototyping skills: Adobe XD Understanding of GitHub Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript Yes 
ScrapedJobID520:
Develop detailed specification documents with clear project deliverables and Design and develop web applications that are highly interactive and graphical. This Support, fix, maintain, and improve existing software/functionalities; Develop new applications for new projects; Design and perform system testing and validation procedures; Create the appropriate documentation for software, systems, and processes. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or relevant field; Minimum 10 years’ experience in software development. Candidate MUST have Experience working on a variety of software development projects; MUST be fluent in English, both oral and written as there will be lots of interactions Autonomous, self-managed with the ability to work remotely with minimal Fast learner, able to grasp new concepts quickly; Interest in working in a fast-paced environment and under pressure; Great team player that likes to work with teammates/co-workers abroad. Node.js Nuxt.js Linux, bash Vue.js REST/RESTful MongoDB JavaScript HTML, CSS, SASS OpenAPI, Express Docker (Kubernetes or Swarm) 
ScrapedJobID521:
Build and maintain our project using JavaScript ES6 Translate design and wireframes into high quality code Optimize code for maximum performance across multiple browsers Mentor and grow junior developers to help ramp up their knowledge Troubleshoot and monitor issues occurring in production Future-oriented:  You have the future in mind when you are building the project Team player:  You work well within a team environment and are not afraid to give honest feedback to your peers Communicative: You enjoy contributing to technical discussions with your peers and are not afraid to ask questions 3+ years of web development experience using JavaScript 2+ years of experience using React.js Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation Experience writing quality tests and achieving test coverage goals Experience using TypeScript Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, etc Thorough understanding of React.js and it’s core principles Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript Familiarity with good JavaScript design principles and patterns Familiarity with RESTful APIsFamiliarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Understanding of SOLID and Dependency Injection principles Experience with Vue.js Experience with CircleCI or Github Actions Experience with iFrames Experience with WebSockets 
ScrapedJobID522:
Teach a class of beginners (in collaboration with 1-2 other instructors and the Lead Instructor) with the goal of ensuring they graduate ready for junior level roles in Web Development Act as coach/mentor to students as they work their way through the course Care profoundly about every student's success Present lectures on HTML, CSS, JavaScript, GitHub, NodeJS, EJS, React, MongoDB and more Communicate regularly with the Administration Team and Lead Instructor to provide ongoing updates on the students' process and feedback Follow each student independently and ensure that they develop a mastery of the subject matter Experience teaching (as a TA), coaching, managing or supporting junior staff or managing projects Experience in the field of Web Development, have graduated from a Web Development Bootcamp and/or have an educational background in Web Development Outgoing, personable, friendly and empathetic Comfortable explaining difficult concepts because of your ability to dissect and disseminate them into bite-sized, understandable ideas Well-versed in both front-end and back-end development Strong active listening skills and ability to motivate Ability to help all students equally - both those that are excelling and those who are falling behind, with patience, kindness and empathy Lifelong learner who loves sharing their learnings and experiences with others Loves the idea of helping people lead better lives through education Fixed amount of $17,500 CAD for the entire duration of the contract (divided into monthly instalments) Fully remote work Work with an amazing and fun team Possibility to extend your contract and teach more courses 
ScrapedJobID523:
Creating Big Solutions - We are tackling interesting technology challenges as we get both the excitement and responsibility of building something from nothing. We’re Just the Right Size Team - We aren’t a megacorp nor are we a small ‘cowboy’ shop. We are just the right size for individuals that want to make a big impact, and want stability but don’t want to be a number. An Enjoyable Work Life - Though we take our work seriously, we believe a balance between concrete and time-bound project goals and a relaxed working environment that allows time for iteration and mental ‘white space’ is most conducive to great work Merit-based Compensation Package - Competitive pay based on a combination of market standards and your experience, an impact-weighted quarterly profit-sharing bonus program, and fully funded comprehensive health benefits plan Being the primary architect of the websites for Worksite Safety and it’s house of brands Collaborating with the Marketing team to launch AB/multivariate testing and integrate results in the CMS Collaborating with the customer facing and UI/UX teams to uncover areas of improvement Working with Marketing and Design on campaign related projects such as landing page designs and email marketing templates Meticulously developing ecommerce and landing pages for pixel perfect alignment to the prototype, cross-platform functionality, and page load time optimization A strong track record of success building modern web applications using the usual suspects (HTML, JS, CSS) Familiarity with CSS frameworks, specific experience with TailwindCSS an asset Enough PHP expertise to integrate CMS functionality into front-end templates Able to build UI using JavaScript frameworks (Vue.js/React.js) An understanding of accessibility standards, or a willingness to learn Comfortable with writing, editing, and maintaining Unit/Feature tests Eager to research and learn in a self-directed way Experience with Wordpress and Woocommerce an asset Experience with user interface design an asset 
ScrapedJobID524:
Research, design, and implement efficient code based on a set of requirements. Write automated unit tests that ensure code stability after code refactoring and help in the maintenance. Participate in daily calls to report on the progress of the tasks in the sprint. Make sure all development efforts are documented and updated in the ticketing system. Write good technical documentation that helps keep track of all aspects of the application component and how they interact with each other. Review the code of other developers to make sure Best practices are followed and suggest improvements in the code. Troubleshoot and implement bug fixes for the current platform issues raised by the Operations team on the production. Unit test newly developed features to make sure they function according to the requirements. Collaborate with other members of the team, offers help, and shares knowledge on topics of interest with the rest of the engineering organization. A minimum of 7 years of hands-on experience in developing high performance and highly scalable software applications in an agile environment Proficiency in C#, ASP.Net, JavaScript and MS SQL are a must Minimum 2 years ReactJs experience Solid understanding of Microservice architecture and distributed systems Solid understanding of RESTful APIs Strong analytical and communication skills Prior experience with No SQL technologies & Azure Cosmos DB is a plus Prior experience with Kubernetes and Docker is a plus. Prior experience with Scrum methodology is a plus Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)? What is your desired salary range? No 
ScrapedJobID525:
Experience in responsive website development leveraging CSS media queries Experience in developing websites that display properly on all major web browsers, tablets and smartphones that run on iOS and Android Advanced Photoshop editing skills, able to slice, adjust, crop and resize images Expert in WordPress customization including but not limited to custom post types, custom taxonomies, and custom fields Must be able to code WordPress page templates and entire themes from scratch Must be able to customize WordPress themes using actions, filters, and hooks in functions.php Proven ability to code in these programming languages: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, PHP, JavaScript Experience with jQuery and Twitter Bootstrap framework Excellent understanding of UI/UX best practices Experience with MySQL databases pertaining to WordPress Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience Self-directed and must be able to work under minimum supervision in a fast-paced environment Strong verbal, writing and comprehension skills Participate in the design, development and deployment of responsive WordPress websites Code pixel perfect HTML & CSS from Photoshop comps with extreme attention to detail Institute best practices to ensure excellent page loading performance, SEO structure and maintainable code Cross browser testing and functional testing of all website updates Expert Knowledge of Google Adwords and Analytics Know how to develop full-functioning WordPress websites while keeping the number of plugins to a minimum Have an understanding of website security and know the latest programming tips and tricks to keep a WordPress website secure Experience working in the advertising, technology, marketing or creative industry 
ScrapedJobID526:
Skilled in working with Back-end technologies: C# 2+ years of experience working in Web Development Proficient in Angular Practiced in working with front-end technologies: HTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, Familiar with Agile development practices Proficiency in working with containerized applications (Docker, Kubernetes) Capable of building or contributing to a RESTful API 
ScrapedJobID527:
Représenter l’expertise technique front-end de Cerbexa chez nos clients ou en interne. Développer des applications React.JS en respectant les bonnes pratiques Web. Participation aux révisions de code. Assurer la performance, qualité et sécurité des applications. Collaborer avec une équipe multidisciplinaire sur la conception et l’implémentation. Développer et améliorer l’architecture technique des applications. Maintenir les applications en condition opérationnelle. Veil technologique sur l’écosystème JavaScript et Web. Évoluer dans un environnement Agile. Au moins 5 années d’expérience en développement, dont 3 en développement d’applications de type SPA (idéalement avec React). Expertise avec le langage JavaScript (standard ES6 et plus). Avoir une bonne connaissance de React.JS et TypeScript. Avoir une bonne connaissance d’un gestionnaire d’état (Redux, MobX et/ou Context API). Connaissance de Next.js un atout. Connaissance de librairie de test comme Enzyme ou Testing library. Connaissance du BDD/TDD/DDD. Expérience en développement de logiciel orienté-objet et avec des APIs RESTful. Expérience avec les méthodologies de développement agiles. Expérience avec Git et les outils Atlassian (Jira, Bitbucket et Confluence). Compréhension des pipelines CI/CD. Curiosité et pragmatisme. Professionnalisme et rigueur au travail. Capacité de travailler en équipe. Autonomie. Maîtrise du français (écrit/verbale). Emploi permanent sur 40h/semaine avec horaires flexibles Vous serez plongé dans un écosystème technologique Nous offrons une assurance Maladie Complémentaire Nous offrons une assurance Dentaire Nous offrons une assurance Invalidité Nous offrons une assurance Vie Nous offrons une assurance Télémédecine Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Horaires flexibles Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi DEC (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Oui 
ScrapedJobID528:
Develop well designed, scalable, reliable, testable and reusable code for high quality and secure applications that adhere to corporate coding standards Proficient in writing C#.NET code using various .NET Frameworks independently Experience with .NET technologies and frameworks like EF, MVC, Razor Able to work on multiple initiatives simultaneously using efficient time management & prioritization skills Troubleshoot and resolve issues with existing production software using root cause analysis techniques & constructive approaches  * Able to analysis business requirements and provide detailed, accurate and realistic development estimates  * Able to participate in peer reviews by providing insightful peer reviews of code using constructive criticism and learning from reviews done by peers Work closely with Infrastructure Specialists and System Architects to document technical design elements of application and Infrastructure projects. Develop and maintain standard operating procedures and follow established processes Develop high quality and technically accurate documentation translating business requirements into solutions  * Ability to provide 24/7 technical assistance on a rotational on-call basis Strong knowledge and experience building interactive and intuitive web applications using C# ASP.NET Web Forms, MVC, EF and client-side frameworks like Angular JS. Strong knowledge and experience in relational database design using MS SQL Server and the development of stored procedures, views, user-defined functions, and query optimization techniques. Must be able to develop REST APIs from ground-up using .NET Framework. Candidate must be proficient in implementing authentication and authorization functionality to secure the APIs using industry-standard auth mechanisms. Must have experience in using Microsoft BI tools including SSRS, SSIS and ability to write as well as troubleshoot complex SSIS packages involving complex workflows. Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScript/XML, including HTML 5, CSS 3.0, jQuery, jQuery UI and experience in working with various jQuery plugins Undergraduate degree in Computer Sciences preferred or equivalent academic qualification Microsoft (or relevant) certification that demonstrate proficiency in Microsoft technologies including ASP.NET, MVC, Entity Framework and SQL. Front-end development using JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/View as well as vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap etc. Writing technical requirements, solution documents and producing documentation/illustrations that assist with relaying technical concepts to non-technical business partners, SMEs & stakeholders Awesome support in providing industry-leading training to help you succeed in your role Awesome community involvement opportunities through IPC Cares Awesome perks: benefits that fit your needs, pension, share purchase plan, corporate discount plans, social events, summer hours, and fun Awesome recognition: kudos, all-star program, rising star, and the circle of excellence Awesome Leadership teams that know your name Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID529:
5 years' minimum experience as a back end or full stack developer Solid Javascript (ES6), HTML5, CSS3 skills Experience with PHP and server side templating Experience working with WordPress Experience with Shopify & Shopify Plus Experience with javascript Frameworks (Vue, React) Experience working with REST API Experience working with hosting servers (Linux), DNS, CDN A solid understanding of SEO, usability best practice and UX design Solid understanding of Responsive Design, and experience building fully responsive sites Working knowledge of Sketch is required, along with a keen eye for detail Experience presenting to clients is a plus Knowledge of Accessibility standards (WCAG) is a plus Experience with three.js or WebGL is a plus Timber / Twig Webpack / Gulp NPM Git SASS Sketch Invision 
ScrapedJobID530:
Be a contributing member of our software team Ensure our practices improve through iterative changes Establish and follow enterprise level coding standards Collaborate with our Global development team Facilitate great product outcomes by collaborating with our architecture and design teams Must have at least 3 years of professional software development experience, including at least 2 years of experience with C# or ASP.NET. .NET core experience is a plus. Must have at least 2 years of JavaScript front-end development experience. Experience with React.JS is a plus. Experience with distributed source control systems, preferably git. Experience with consuming, developing, deploying, and supporting RESTful Web APIs and/or web services is highly desired. Familiar with different software development methodologies and concepts such as design patterns, aspect-oriented programming, continuous integration, and delivery (CI/CD), unit tests, TDD, and BDD, and infrastructure as code. Ability to gather aspect requirements from a variety of internal and external stakeholders with different knowledge levels Familiar and comfortable with remote work. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, especially dealing with rules-based complexity. Excellent communicator who can facilitate technical discussions and decision making as well as communicate engineering ideas to technical and non-technical audiences alike. Experience with document accessibility concepts (WCAG, PDF/UA requirements) Experience with developing and maintaining software solutions that require rules-based complexity at scale Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift How many years of JavaScript experience? Ho many years of React experience? 
ScrapedJobID531:
Develop code with Typescript, Node, Apollo GraphQL, MongoDB & more Create web-based interfaces and reusable interface components with Typescript and React As a Senior Developer, you’ll lead the way by taking on the hardest stories, features and bugs Ship a lot of code and be the example of what’s possible to other developers on the team Evolve a micro-services architecture by constantly implementing patterns and practices like idempotency, asynchronous communication, distributed transactions, & more Lead code reviews, API design reviews, or technical reviews of product stories with in-depth yet constructive criticism; give and take feedback Be vocal about efficiency and quality for yourself and your team; obsess over practices like Unit Testing, Continuous Delivery, or Refactoring Ensure solutions actually meet customer and business needs - not just minimum defined requirements Participate in community events, interviewing, and mentoring junior and intermediate developers Built multiple full-stack web projects that included both cutting-edge technologies and complex business logic Led projects from start to finish, including design, architecture and development Strong knowledge of our tech stack (or similar technologies); excitement and personal drive to learn what you don’t know Expert in > 1 programming language - preferably at least one dynamic/interpreted language Experience in performance optimization, scaling solutions and a strong knowledge of security best practices Familiarity with cloud-based infrastructure, specifically PaaS and SaaS based solutions Knowledge of the current tech ecosystem, state of the art trends, and announcements Applicants must be eligible to work in Canada and willing to relocate. Relocation packages and reimbursements are available. Adaptable, high-achievers energized by a startup environment Team players who love being part of and leading an agile ecosystem Project owners who can engage with designers and stakeholders Always focused on the bigger picture, sees how the code could be used and scaled A mentor, leader, and strong communicator 
ScrapedJobID532:
Implement code changes to resolve defects and create new functionality. Develop and Implement test cases. Work with source code management to submit changes Work cohesively within a large software development team. Track work and document solutions using established tools and processes. Troubleshoot and assist with operational issues. A Bachelor degree in Information Technology or equivalent A minimum of 2-3 years in a professional software development role. Experience developing software using a general purpose programming language. Experience working with Ruby and/or Ruby on Rails. Working knowledge of front end technologies used in modern web development. Experience working with data in various formats such as XML and JSON. Interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Analytical and problem solving skills 
ScrapedJobID533:
3+ years of software development experience of front-end experiences in React JS Working with a design system, working off redlines and protoypes (SketchMeasure, Invision Component design, Redux, and testing patterns React Testing Library (RTL) and/or some other testing solutinos such as Enzyme Strong knowledge of web standards including HTML5 and CSS/SASS Strong JavaScript skills, preferably ES6 and onwards Strong Typescript skills Clean visual design sense Strong knowledge of UI build tools including Gulp or Babel Experience with AngularJs or similar web application frameworks and web-based application development Visualization frameworks like D3.js User interface architecture/design of components Experience building responsive and reusable UI/UX components Experience with agile methodologies and automated testing with some exposure to TDD & pair programming REST APIs Implementing responsive designs (including grids) Cross-browser development Experience working with Kubernetes/OpenStack or related cloud-native technology Experience working with CI/CD processes, DevOps methodologies and tools such as git, Jenkins, Travis Strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment with remote office locations Growth-mindset: Willingness to learn new technologies and processes Willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever it takes Training and Experience in development and application of Artificial Intelligence models Experience working with 3rd-party integrations Experience with IBM platforms: Power and System Z Experience with multiple cloud services, including IBM Cloud, AWS, Azure, Google 
ScrapedJobID534:
Significant experience with client-side Javascript including ES6+ / HTML5 / CSS / JSON Significant experience with EmberJS or other client-side frameworks (Angular, React, Vue) Knowledge of API design, event-handling in the browser and modern asynchronous programming Experience with Mocha, QUnit or other Javascript testing frameworks Write clean, maintainable, testable code A desire to mentor junior developers Ability to perform code reviews, create detailed plans and willingness to work collaboratively with a development team. Excellent technical, troubleshooting and analytical skills Associate's Degree or Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience required. 3+ years of development experience Entrepreneurial by nature, you excel in a fast-paced, agile environment where critical thinking and strong problem solving skills are a given Tech startup industry is where you want to be. You thrive on the cutting edge and get excited to learn more, push boundaries and innovate every day. Bonus: Knowledge of Ruby on Rails (it’s our backend) Bonus: An avid Instagrammer who loves photos and pictures We are passionate about learning and development, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training and workshops. We also provide each employee with a $3000 per year Education & Conference budget. We provide our employees with a monthly Wellness Spending Account, to help cover costs related to fitness equipment, personal training, gym memberships or health and wellness practitioners. We provide our team with a generous technology bonus and provide the tools you need to succeed in your role. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family. We offer flexible working hours & schedules so you can work around school and home commitments. We offer parental leave top-ups, family forming support and a life-transitions program to ensure you and your family are well supported when returning to work We provide a variety of workshops, meditation and yoga at our monthly Wellness Wednesday events to help our team perform at their best. All departments have quarterly department team building activities We fly all employees in or out to join us at our fun filled annual company retreat. Later values diversity of thought; we are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability, or age. 
ScrapedJobID535:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID536:
Build and innovative on Flow blockchain as the foundation for our ecosystem of consumer applications, starting with collectibles, and the apps that interact with them. Design, develop, and deploy new systems that enhance throughput, latency, availability, and security. Be an active planner, developer and contributor to the overall software architecture. Producing, testing and debugging code. Working with Dapper Collectives' Product team across different technical challenges such as Dapper Collectives' web3 community voting tool, blockchain based marketplace and many others. Help create and update documentation explaining our processes and tools. Ensure all content falls in line with Brud’s company mission, vision and values. Experience in blockchain and/or decentralized architectures, consensus and/or cryptographic systems. Exposure to distributed systems, scalability, and algorithms. Understanding of Smart Contracts, Data structures & Web3 development Deep knowledge of crypto platforms such Ethereum. Understand blockchain security and ability to audit smart contracts. Strong ability to collaborate and communicate across teams in person and remote. Ability to manage multiple projects and responsibilities under strict deadlines. Multitask and prioritize; be comfortable executing at a high level. Strong problem solving skills and management skills. Ability to take on whole projects and see them through from ideation to deployment. Knowledge of various front/backend tools, such as Go, Nodejs, Python, Docker as well as Git. Smoothly execute new projects and evolve Dapper Collectives' existing pipeline forward. Take ownership of projects and make suggestions for increased efficiency. Early spotting of any potential software design issues. On time delivery of work to keep inter department work running smoothly. Clear communication with team members, end users, and stakeholders. 
ScrapedJobID537:
Design and implement front-end (user interface), back-end components, and the interfaces between them according to specifications from internal clients. Develop data models and UI mock-ups Work with end users to collect feedback and perform user acceptance testing Troubleshooting and maintenance (upgrade, recovery, data migration, etc.) for existing software Participate in code and design reviews Understand our business needs (manufacturing, sales, accounting, operations, logistics, engineering, etc.) and make suggestions for process improvements where appropriate Documentation of work to ensure proper understanding of software functionality and design intent Application development in .NET (C#) Graphical User Interface (GUI) design experience Data modelling with relational and object databases (MySQL, ORM) Reporting and data visualization tools (Tableau) Self-starter, able to work with minimal supervision Strong debugging and problem-solving skills Take initiative and manage multiple tasks in a timely fashion Open minded and willing to learn Experience with Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) frameworks Experience designing and consuming REST APIs Experience developing Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications Experience working in a multi-disciplinary job environment 
ScrapedJobID538:
infrastructure (like CPU, memory, disk…) application (technical and functional), with dedicated features for:
Web analytics with Matomo AAS platform
API monitoring AAS, mainly based on Zipkin (and Spring boot Java code)
Other technical and functional monitoring (with Elastic agents, loggers, appenders…), log files… mainly based on Elastic stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, APM AAS) with Elastic Cloud Enterprise (ECE) software Web analytics with Matomo AAS platform API monitoring AAS, mainly based on Zipkin (and Spring boot Java code) Other technical and functional monitoring (with Elastic agents, loggers, appenders…), log files… mainly based on Elastic stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, APM AAS) with Elastic Cloud Enterprise (ECE) software Implement new features in a secured Microservice-based architecture on back-end side and updates Angular/React UI on front-end side (not a complex one) Provide support on users cases (20% of time), support for onboarding, manage training sessions. Leverage modern tools and frameworks including React, Java, Github, and manage automated CI/CD on Docker/Kubernetes on premise (and in Azure public cloud). Expect to have autonomy to build appropriate solutions to features, bugs, production issues and large scale solutions. Expect good communication to interact with IT users worldwide Be a team player Java, React, Angular, Docker, Linux, REST APIs, Git, Jenkins Agile methodology, Software craftsmanship, CI/CD practices Ability to take initiative to communicate, interact and cooperate with others Spring Docker/Kubernetes Elastics stack will be a “plus” 5 years + as developper Bachelor’s degree N/A 
ScrapedJobID539:
College or University Degree in Computer Sciences 2-5 years of web development experience 2-5 years of WordPress and PHP experience Sports industry experience is an asset WordPress and PHP (Front/Back End) Front-End Web Design HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery Fluency in RESTful API’s Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite (XD and Photoshop)Website Accessibility Compliancy Providing report/analytic publishing and distribution Support in the development of online experiences to support marketing initiatives. Training users on new or modified content management systems Understand Search Engine Optimization initiatives to support marketing initiatives Work with the Digital Marketing Specialist and assist with marketing trends/methods and make recommendations for new/revised online marketing campaigns. Assist Digital Marketing Specialist with research and development to constantly increase conversion rates and usability resulting in direct revenue growth via Canlan’s websites. Comprehensive benefits package including extended medical, dental, and disability. A competitive salary based on experience. 
ScrapedJobID540:
Expert in RESTful API best practices and methodologies. Building reusable code and libraries for future use Optimization of the application for maximum speed, scalability and maintainability Adhere to security and data protection requirements when writing code Design and implementation of data storage solutions. Able to work with Azure storage, SQL Database, NoSQL and JSON. Ensure key uptime metrics and performance timings are met Collaborate with other teams to deploy features Proficient knowledge of the back-end programming language Node.js & Python. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Basic understanding of SQL to retrieve data from database and NoSQL. Basic understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Understanding accessibility and security compliance {{Depending on a specific project}} User authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Able to understand database schemas that represent and support business processes Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Understanding of “session management” in a distributed server environment Solid understanding of the Microsoft Azure or any other cloud Working knowledge of Distributed Blockchain frameworks including Solidity, Quorum, and Truffle Agile Methodologies Cloud Services / Systems Cloud Security BlockChain Javascript Jenkins Node.js Python Competitive Salary Benefits The opportunity to work with passionate and driven individuals Flexible Schedules Remote Work 
ScrapedJobID541:
Collaborate with the UX team to provide and deliver a customer-centric user experience to our customers Lead the technical design and implementation of reusable UI components Optimize components and pages for maximum speed and scalability Establish “best-in-class” engineering for our services by ensuring that the services and the components are well-defined and modularized, secure, reliable, diagnosable, actively monitored and reusable Provide strong influence to our front-end architecture Improve the performance of our web application Review designs and code to maintain the high bar for quality Present in Lunch and Learns to share your knowledge and experience Mentor engineers to help building our strong engineering team Challenge status quo and always look for ways to improve to help push the bar of our engineering team Collaborate with other developers, and departments to create technical solutions that grow the company Be a team player who enjoys collaborating with, learning from, mentoring, and teaching other team members to create a positive work environment 5+ years of product development experience, preferable with strong focus in FE development Bachelors in Computer Science or related fields Solid knowledge of the principles, and practices of engineering, including the application of principles related to conceptual design Experience with mentoring junior engineers Strong determination to overcome all obstacles Enviable interpersonal skills with the ability to build trusting relationships with team members, management and external partners Strong strategic thinking skills paired with the courage to challenge the status quo Extremely proactive and thrives in a dynamic, move-fast, roll-up-your-sleeves culture Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related fields Experience with React Experience with Typescript Experience with .NET (C#, ASP.NET) Experience with Azure $90,000 - $110,000 CAD base salary (+ 15% bonus) Work for one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada, according to Canadian Business A flexible work environment with access to our downtown Vancouver office (and a fully stocked kitchen!) Full health benefits customizable to your specific needs An additional $200 per month wellness spending account Generous vacation policy with opportunities for additional paid time off Regular team and company events designed to help you get to know your teammates better! Stock options upon hire A chance to be part of a break-out success story, working with other like-minded high performers 
ScrapedJobID542:
Participate in the analysis of the client’s needs, obligations and constraints; Participate in the drafting of specifications or technical design specifications specifying the technical solutions; Participate in the choice of the technical solution; Develop detailed conceptions; Realize the technical conception and the coding; Conceive and realize the unit tests; Participate in the production of the test plan and test scripts; Participate in the writing of installation manuals and user guides; Participate in the writing of technical documents related to production and final deployment; Participate in the writing of installation documents and user guides; Ensure, as required, interaction with internal teams and external customers; Produce relevant technical documentation on a regular basis and for R&D purposes. Perform any other related tasks. Diploma of Collegial Studies (DEC) in computer technology or equivalent. Asset: First degree (certificate, bachelor’s degree) in software engineering, information technology management or a related field. Advanced knowledge of the object-oriented design and development language C#. Advanced knowledge of JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Angular and SQL. Advanced knowledge of .NET and .NET Core. Skills related to the design, development and modeling of web applications: mobile development (responsive design), multi-browser and W3C web standards, model cutting and modeling tools. Good knowledge of the Microsoft development environment Azure DevOps. Advanced knowledge of software development in a DevOps context. Good knowledge of agile project management methodology. Good knowledge of test management and code deployment. Curious, autonomous, proactive, dynamic, motivated and passionate about new technologies. Ability to deliver highly reliable results with good priority and time management. Ability to provide simple solutions to complex business needs and/or technical contexts. French and English essential, both written and spoken. 
ScrapedJobID543:

ScrapedJobID544:
Develop new modules and features for the TrackTik SaaS application Build new features based on the product roadmap Create and maintain the application on multiple platforms (Linux, Android) based on customers' requests Work as a part of a team and respect coding and documentation guidelines Plan system updates for all clients Advocate best practices in both design and the underlying code with a focus on quality, organization, and automation Deliver request for specific client in a timely manner Manage internal relationship with other departments Analyze current industry market and potential assets for the system Work with other talented front and backend engineers to create, scale, and deliver new features and services across web, android and ios applications Software engineering degree and 5 + years of PHP back-end development experience Experience building modular code with leading web MVC frameworks Capacity to work on entire web software stack (from Linux to CSS tools) PHP; other languages a plus Experience with a PHP Framework MySQL, PostgreSQL or other relational databases Open Source APIs HTML-5, CSS-3, JavaScript/JQuery Functional Knowledge of Linux Excellent organizational and prioritization skills with the ability to manage multiple projects Self-starter with a lot of initiative; we won't be watching your every move, show us what you've got! Very good at what you do, but humble about it Comprehensive health and dental plans from day 1 An Employer Assistance Program Telemedicine 24/7 Matching for your RRSP contributions Long-term access to teleworking One paid volunteer day a year One additional day of vacation per year of service Referral bonuses When we are not working remotely, access to a recently-renovated office in Montreal including a mini-gym, massage chairs, snacks and gourmet coffee everyday Team building activities, even at a distance, and celebration of professional and personal accomplishments 
ScrapedJobID545:
Conduct design reviews with engineers to make sure the right security features are making it into the products - taking into consideration the domestic, international, and industry security and privacy regulations and frameworks. Participate in and support application security reviews and threat modeling, including: Secure code review. Support the code review process by providing 1-1 guidance, group training, creating documentation as needed, and performing ad hoc secure code review as needed. Dynamic testing, using tools like Burp Suite or mitmproxy for examining app interactions. Design and drive application security vulnerability management across different technologies. You will coordinate with engineering teams to validate findings, prioritize findings/assets, remediate and verify mitigations, and internal reporting for management. Assist with vendor reviews by evaluating new and existing vendors. As well as evaluating tools, libraries, services, and other software for security and privacy issues. Coordinate the creation and maintenance of technical security documentation. Identify areas for internally created and externally provided application security training. Assist in development of automated tooling and processes to support our internal operations. For example, creating audit scripts to help with compliance efforts. Assist with risk assessments and security questionnaires. Practice security assurance by identifying and directing areas to enhance monitoring in order to verify that policy and procedures are adhered to and that controls are operational. Lead Information Security policy creation and maintenance of application and developer focused policies by refactoring security policies and standards to focus on the right controls, using ISO 27001, SOC, OWASP, and NIST frameworks. As a member of the incident response team, assist with the overall lifecycle of an incident, from triaging to lessons learned. Experience commensurate with 5 years of work in an application, product, or security engineering related role. Experience with coding and reading multiple programming languages in the context of web services and secure coding practices. Knowledge of penetration testing techniques and ability to implement them appropriately. Ability to configure, operate, and tune vulnerability scanning tools. Ability to lead threat modeling. Strong knowledge of secure development practices for web applications and services, and capability to train others in them. Front-end and/or back-end development experience. Experience working with static and/or dynamic programming languages. Go and/or Perl experience The primary programming languages at the company are Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. Ability to develop expertise in Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript,. SQL databases, ideally PostgreSQL. Application security experience in a cloud environment. Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID546:
Travailler quotidiennement dans une équipe de développement avec la méthodologie Agile Scrum; Participer à l’architecture, à l'analyse, au design et à l’implémentation des composantes logicielles ; Développer du code robuste, performant et testé automatiquement. Une assurance complète très « rassurante d’esprit » (individuel ou familiale) payé par NOUS Liberté dans tes dates de vacances Congés payés pendant le temps des fêtes Un REER collectif avec contribution de notre part 7 journées maladie par année 1 journée de congé mobile et 364 jours de flexibilité Un programme de reconnaissance par les pairs Des activités sociales variées et ben le fun Et bien sûr, du café! Le genre masculin n'est qu'utilisé afin d'alléger le texte Work daily in a development team with the Agile Scrum methodology; Participate in the architecture, analysis, design and implementation of software components; Develop robust, high-performance and automatically tested code. A complete insurance (individual or family) paid by us Freedom in your vacation days Paid vacations during the holiday season A group RRSP with our contribution 7 sick days per year 1 floating vacation day and 364 days of flexibility A peer recognition program A variety of fun social activities And of course, coffee! No 
ScrapedJobID547:
Work with Product Manager to ideate, build and iterate web features Design and build responsive, performant, scalable and search engine friendly eCommerce websites with cutting-edge technologies Collaborate with other developers in the team as part of strengthening our systems and processes Take ownership of your area from start to finish and write highly efficient programs Improve localized experiences of international users with different cultures, languages and preference 3+ years of experience delivering high-performance, public-facing, responsive and mobile-friendly internet websites with demonstrative business impact Mastery of web fundamentals including HTTP, Javascript, HTML and CSS Proficient in TypeScript, React/Redux/Next.js or Vue/Vuex/Nuxt.js Experience with modern web development including build tools, testing and CI/CD Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them Understanding of website optimization techniques such as SSR, CDN, and web-caching techniques Self-motivated, relentlessly focused on impact, and able to operate under a great deal of independence Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience Bonus: Experience with A/B testing 
ScrapedJobID548:
Program and Design new Front-End, UI / UX for our application Perform unit tests and integration tests and debug existing and new changes. Participate in documenting the new front-end updates. Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ years experience in web services front end software development Experience developing web services using JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS and HTML5 is required Experience with front-end framework Angular 9 required Experience with Git is required Experience with REST Previous cloud experince AWS etc is preferred Experience with code reviews English required Communicative and a positive attitude towards customers and colleagues Analytical skills, logical reasoning, and excellent problem-solving skills Sense of responsibility, autonomy and resourcefulness Team player, organized and strive for results and quality Creative with ideas to improve the product Ability to coordinate and handle more than one task at the same time Being proactive 
ScrapedJobID549:
Royal Canadian Mint is hiring a permanent and term (18 months) Website Developer who can thrive in a dynamic and inclusive environment. Reporting to the Manager, eCommerce, the Website Developer is responsible for working on the Mint’s English and French national digital properties bringing customized, inspiring content to our customers, designing innovative technical solutions, driving engagement, and designing customized digital experiences to reach the right customer with the right product at the right time.


Key Responsibilities

Work cross functionally with marketing, product, and sales teams to create innovative and brand enhancing web assets and email communication for monthly product launches
Develop digital assets, including website pages, banners, social ads and post as well as email content for National Marketing Campaigns
Design merchandizing emails with dynamic content for targeted audiences
Create high-quality designs and layouts that drive customer engagement and conversion
Collaborate with other team members to ensure a consistent creative direction for each project


Technical Skills and Abilities:

Software: Adobe Creative Cloud, Android Studio, Xcode
Programming: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, MJML, Kotlin, Swift
Digital Experience platform: Optimizley, Sitecore, Magento, Wordpress or equivalent
Email: Acoustic (formerly Silverpop), Delivera, Mailchimp, or equivalent
Proven understanding of front-end technologies, including to HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery or equivalent
Knowledge of the WCAG standards on accessibility to ensure technical compliance


Education and Experience:
University degree or diploma specializing in multimedia production, graphic design, UX or related field of study
Minimum 3 years of experience working in a web-based environment, digital experience platform and email marketing platform preferably in eCommerce
Experience developing UX/UI design to optimize customer experience and customer journey
Experience with digital marketing, email marketing, SEO/SEM, automation, web analytics, segmentation, personalization and targeting technologies
Experience working in an Agile environment
Expertise in the methods and techniques for conducting quality assurance


We are looking for a candidate who can be an inspiring team player with a positive attitude and willingness to learn. You can comfortably manage several projects with different priorities within a deadline-driven environment without compromising quality. Working in collaborative agile team environment, you will bring creative ideas and solutions. Organization, time management and the ability to take initiative are critical skills required.

The health and safety of our employees is a top priority. The Mint has developed significant and rigorous safety protocols to address the COVID-19 pandemic.

At the Mint you will collaborate with a diverse group of people and be a part of an iconic Canadian organization. We pay competitive salary and offer a range of benefits that support employees and their families. The Mint supports its employees by focusing on their growth and development. Candidates are required to complete a background check, facilitated by the Mint, prior to starting.

The Mint is committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We value diversity and aim to provide an inclusive, barrier-free recruitment, selection and onboarding process to ensure that each candidate is treated respectfully. You are welcome to self identify with one of the four employment equity groups (women, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities) in your application.

If you need accommodation at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know; we are committed to being an inclusive employer.

Ready to mint your career? Please forward your resume to careers@mint.ca by December 14, 2021. We thank all candidates who apply, however, only those selected for further consideration will be contacted.

We look forward to receiving your application.
Back to Listing Work cross functionally with marketing, product, and sales teams to create innovative and brand enhancing web assets and email communication for monthly product launches Develop digital assets, including website pages, banners, social ads and post as well as email content for National Marketing Campaigns Design merchandizing emails with dynamic content for targeted audiences Create high-quality designs and layouts that drive customer engagement and conversion Collaborate with other team members to ensure a consistent creative direction for each project Software: Adobe Creative Cloud, Android Studio, Xcode Programming: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, MJML, Kotlin, Swift Digital Experience platform: Optimizley, Sitecore, Magento, Wordpress or equivalent Email: Acoustic (formerly Silverpop), Delivera, Mailchimp, or equivalent Proven understanding of front-end technologies, including to HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery or equivalent Knowledge of the WCAG standards on accessibility to ensure technical compliance University degree or diploma specializing in multimedia production, graphic design, UX or related field of study Minimum 3 years of experience working in a web-based environment, digital experience platform and email marketing platform preferably in eCommerce Experience developing UX/UI design to optimize customer experience and customer journey Experience with digital marketing, email marketing, SEO/SEM, automation, web analytics, segmentation, personalization and targeting technologies Experience working in an Agile environment Expertise in the methods and techniques for conducting quality assurance 
ScrapedJobID550:
Freshers Recruitment : Currently through Campus placement only. 
ScrapedJobID551:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 3+ years of professional experience in a full-stack software development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases Comfortable working in Remote environment and EST time zone You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials 
ScrapedJobID552:
Work on custom web applications and interactive projects Ideate and estimate on creative briefs as part of team ideation sessions Work with the Creative Team to come up with envelope pushing experiences Keep up to date on latest tech and trends and present these to the larger team Design, develop and deploy high quality, complex, and highly scalable systems Work within the software development teams to streamline the build processes and release management via continuous integration and deployment pipelines Produce clean, efficient, pixel perfect code based on specifications Contribute to creating a cohesive and well organised team Bachelors in Computer Science (or similar degree or diploma), or equivalent work experience Experience with CI/CD 7+ years work experience in modern JavaScript development 3 - 5+ years work experience using ReactJS 3 - 5+ years work experience using NodeJS Ability to design secure and testable code Experience / proficient with three.js Full Stack development experience: API development Experience / proficient with headless CMS implementations 2+ years work experience working with databases (NoSQL - MongoDB/Redis and SQL - MySQL, PostgreSQL) 
ScrapedJobID553:
Develop, and test UI for web applications Build reusable code and libraries for future use Speak up when something can be done better Be a partner to ensure the technical feasibility of UX designs 5+ years of experience building responsive web interfaces that are mobile-ready using JS frameworks. At least 2 years experience shipping sites with React Have a strong understanding of accessibility guidelines Can spot misaligned pixels/components a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Familiarity with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID554:
Develop high-quality client software using Angular and TypeScript Effectively work with Product Managers, Product Owners and UI/UX Designers to refine scope and functionality Collaborate on architecture and system design approaches Create Unit and Automation tests Contribute to continuous improvement of internal processes and culture 3+ years of experience working as a Front End / UI Developer Skilled in modern web development standards, HTML/CSS, JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, Angular, AngularJs, webpack, angular material, etc.) and libraries Strong understanding of web technology stack (e.g. HTTP, cookies, headers) Working experience using RESTful APIs A proficient understanding of distributed version control tools and source control strategies Excellent communications skills Experience working in agile environments Candidates should be self-starters and have the ability to work in a fast paced, demanding, and rapidly changing environment Ability to perform detailed analysis of business problems and technical environments. Health Care / Health Services business area subject matter expertise preferred University or Technical Diploma in IT discipline with equivalent experience Well organized Detail orientated Able to multitask effectively Excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Able to work effectively with minimal supervision Strong written and oral communication skills Proven ability to build strong relationships with clients Angular AngularJS CSS HTML JavaScript RESTful (Rest-APIs) User Experience Design User Interface Design 
ScrapedJobID555:
Work with a small and focused team to design and develop new features and releases. Collaborate with other team members to flesh out technical requirements. Work across the full stack of application layers. You are as comfortable working with HTML, CSS and Javascript as you are with Python. Work in an Agile environment. You’re in your element when working in an integrated team that is small, flexible, and Agile. You’re eager to contribute to the team without an ego. You care about helping teams collaborate and be productive and efficient. You know that communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills are simply a part of the development process. You like to solve complex problems and have an open mind to considering different approaches. You love learning new technologies and keep on top of emerging trends. You believe in the importance of having a life outside of work. 5+ years of web development experience in Python using Django Experience working with VueJS Proficiency in a Posix environment like Linux and OS X Solid understanding of Git (you know the difference between rebasing and merging) Understanding of the benefits of testing, TDD, and continuous integration Understanding of database principles and the strengths and weaknesses of an ORM Understanding of the full stack of web applications and how to optimize each layer of the stack A high-level understanding of user experience and user interface design Experience working with visual and user experience designers Experience developing single page applications Experience with front-end JS frameworks such as React and Angular Experience with HTML and CSS Experience with Docker and Kubernetes/OpenShift Experience working in a professional services environment 
ScrapedJobID556:
4+ years’ experience with Javascript 2+ years’ experience with React library, ideally building UI components Experience with Typescript and Angular framework Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal skills Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with equivalent practical experience Experience with content migration between CMS systems Worked with Contentful and familiar with Contentful APIs Worked with Algolia search engine in the past Experience working with DevOps pipelines (Git, Maven, Jenkins), continuous integration/delivery, automated testing (unit, functional, performance) knowledge of microservices architecture Familiarity with Amazon Web Services Familiarity with utilizing/implementing operational tools such as Dynatrace, Datadog, Splunk, PagerDuty Collaborate with other developers on your team, as well as the product, engineering, SRE, UX, business partners and other teams across the company to help develop solutions. Understand and integrate third-party vendor API/SDKs. Collaborate with multiple teams (product and tech) across the organization. Design and recommend solutions to challenging problems. Collaborate with other developers to elevate the entire team’s skillset and mindset. Coach others on the team, practice peer-programming and test-driven development. Career and skill development opportunities Exposure to a diverse range of projects and industries Opportunities to contribute to the global technology community Remote interview process Virtual meetings All COVID-19 protocols are being followed in our in-person meetings 
ScrapedJobID557:
Work remotely Java / Angular - 7+ Years Exp. Fullstack is an Advantage Optional: Strong web developer or UI developer, any web/UI technologies only but very strong, and someone who has salesforce exp or knowledge or willing to learn and work on LWC (lightning web components Bonus pay Casual dress Extended health care Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift What is your status of stay in Canada? Front-end development: 1 year (preferred) Angular: 1 year (preferred) Java: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID558:

ScrapedJobID559:
Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions Design client-side and server-side architecture Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications Write effective APIs Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Create security and data protection settings Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design Write technical documentation Proven experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role Experience developing desktop and mobile applications Familiarity with common stacks Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery) Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (e.g. C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Node.js) Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Excellent communication and teamwork skills Great attention to detail Organizational skills An analytical mind Degree in Computer Science, Statistics or relevant field 
ScrapedJobID560:
Vous aurez l’occasion de travailler sur une variété d’équipes et de projets, vous améliorerez et maintiendrez le code pour les applications dorsales API, pour des services et applications de bureau. Ce rôle est un bon mélange de travail d’équipe et de projet individuel. Vous assurerez une gestion du temps précise et ponctuelle et un suivi du temps des projets. Vous serez responsable du support et de la recherche des problèmes liés aux logiciels publiés. Vous allez planifier et mettre en œuvre des modèles de structures de données pour l'évolutivité. Vous collaborerez sur des conceptions, en mettant l'accent sur les exigences commerciales, l'informatique et le stockage de données. Vous intégrerez des éléments en relation avec l'utilisateur avec une logique côté serveur. Vous interagirez avec l'équipe d'assurance qualité pour respecter les normes de qualité et standards réglementaires! Baccalauréat en informatique (ou équivalent) ou expérience professionnelle équivalente. Vous aurez besoin de pensée critique, y compris des compétences en développement créatif, des capacités d'analyse des exigences et des compétences éprouvées en résolution de problèmes. Vous avez une expérience de développement dans un IDE moderne. Vous devez être fiable, organisé et aimer travailler dans un environnement en évolution rapide. Nous sommes Agiles! Vous pouvez suivre des instructions et travailler de manière indépendante pour répondre de manière créative aux objectifs de votre entreprise. Vous aurez peut-être à voyager hors du pays! Un passeport valide ou la capacité d'obtenir un passeport permettant de voyager à l'extérieur du Canada est requis. You will have the opportunity to work on a variety of teams & projects, you will enhance and maintain the code for the back end API’s, services & desktop applications. This role is a good mixture of team work & individual project work. You will provide accurate and punctual time management and time tracking of projects. You will be responsible for supporting and investigating issues involving released software. You will plan & implement model data structures for scalability. You will collaborate on designs, with a focus on business requirements, computing & data storage. You will integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic. You will interact with the QA team to meet quality & regulatory standards! Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or equivalent), or equivalent professional experience You will need critical thinking, including creative development skills, requirements analysis capabilities, and proven problem-solving skills. You have experience developing in a modern IDE. You need to be dependable, organized and enjoy working in a changing/fast paced environment. We live in Agile. You can take direction and work independently to creatively meet business objectives. You may get to travel out of the country! A valid passport or ability to obtain passport that allows for travel outside of Canada is required. 
ScrapedJobID561:
Build high quality, performant, scalable and maintainable front-end applications Regularly collaborate with designers, developers, and product owners in order to avail interactive and scalable front-end applications. Then further collaborate with the UX designers for the purpose of designing and implementing application experience Work closely with full-stack/backend developers in building features and efficiencies for the realization of the anticipated end product Oversee the development of the company’s applications and will be in charge of the latest processes and technology in order to build scalable, distributed, and fault-tolerant front-end applications. Provide technical leadership and documentation to senior engineering leadership and key stakeholders, continuously informing them on progress and important details of projects at key phases of application development. Participate in the daily scrum and sprint planning. Analyze and ensure the technical feasibility of proposed application designs. Mentor and coach others, providing technical guidance and helping build an environment of knowledge-sharing and encouraged feedback Comfortable leading technical design discussions and facilitating technical decision making. 7+ years experience in hand-coded, standards-compliant HTML5, CSS and JS 3+ years production experience with modern client-side web frameworks such as React, AngularJS with Typescript Deep knowledge of programming best practices, software design patterns and industry standards like SOLID principles Ability to create responsive UI components for high-performance and scalability Good understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as SASS/LESS Experience with backend data / API integration using JSON and RESTful web services Hands-on experience building websites using responsive design Experience with Node workflow/build systems (webpack, npm, etc...), $ and a working knowledge of REST and JSON Good knowledge of front end unit testing frameworks and experience with their implementation Knowledge of the Agile methodology including sprints, SCRUMS and test-driven development You are curious by nature and not afraid to ask “why”. You don’t stop digging till you find out why your code worked (or didn’t work) You have the ability to learn and adapt to new technologies through training, self-advancement, and collaboration with peers Backend development using Node.js Experience with databases including MongoDB, PostgreSQL etc. Flexible and adaptable in regards to learning and understanding new technologies Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Proven ability to investigate software related issues and general problem solver Highly logical Highly self-motivated Proven analytical problem solving abilities Ability to effectively organize and perform tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Emphasize on quality, process, and iterative improvements. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent mix of education and experience Health, wellness and lifestyle benefits to balance your heart, mind, and body. Pension matching and Employee Equity Incentives to support your financial health. Unlimited paid time off so you can really recharge and enjoy life. Enough said. Flexible working environment. Choose your home, one of our trendy offices or mix it up. Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is important. And an amazing culture to top it all off! 
ScrapedJobID562:
At least 3 custom Shopify themes in your portfolio (this is a must!) Expert level proficiency with Themekit and other Shopify tools Ability to map storefront needs to Shopify Platform and App capabilities Detailed knowledge of the Shopify App ecosystem Production experience with at least one CSS pre-processor (SASS, LESS, PostCSS, etc) A detailed eye towards creating pixel perfect UI Experience building highly visual, professionally designed, UIs for consumer brands Solid experience with cross-device responsive web development techniques Knowledge of advanced debugging techniques and usage of browser developer tools A solid understanding of JavaScript An understanding of Git and command line tools Custom Shopify App Development Love of Agency life, variety and velocity! Client facing communication, presentation and relationship management skills Project team leadership skills Supervision and mentorship skills for lower level developers Remote position A public GitHub presence and portfolio samples will go a long way Please be prepared to provide code samples during the screening process Send resume and cover letter 
ScrapedJobID563:
Own the development of Top Hat’s website as well as our other digital properties and experiences Create and optimize web experiences for speed, performance, accessibility, mobile-friendliness, and health scores Collaborate in a dynamic, cross-functional environment with internal-stakeholders across Engineering, Product and DesignIntegrate in-house systems with our suite of automation & analytics tools, including Marketo, Salesforce, Pendo & Google Analytics, and perform automated unit and integration testing when needed QA and test the development of our web pages, funnel pages, and brand assets; including cross-browser, cross-platform, and/or cross-device compatibility Stay up to date with current technologies and trends in web design & development, best practices, design tools, and applications Hands-on experience with responsive design and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, React and JavaScript Strong understanding of web-accessibility standards, UI/UX best-practices, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and benchmarks Experience working with other designers/developers using version control, bug tracking, and productivity apps Have the ability to evaluate the current state of a website and provide recommendations for improvement Be an advocate for a best-in-class user experience A team that cares deeply for customers and for each other Professional learning and development for all role levels The latest and greatest technology to do your job Competitive benefits and health/lifestyle spending accounts We’re currently embracing an engaging, remote-first culture and work experience A management team focused on performance, growth, engagement and connection Our winning strategy and market potential Employee-led, exec sponsored employee resource groups committed to Diversity and Inclusion Passionate customers that believe in us—and what we do 
ScrapedJobID564:
Perform module programming according to established standards and ensure that the development is well integrated into the existing system; Define the technical specifications of the program: data structure, communication between modules, etc; Design and develop a fluid user experience; Design and implement solutions to prevent software failures while perfecting applications; Leverage pre-existing component libraries and create custom components where required; Test implementations in collaboration with QA and support dev team member code reviews; Use programming techniques to ensure a stable environment, the quality, effectiveness and relevance of all code; Foresee and document UI technical debt; Support accessibility and internationalization efforts across the webapp; Populate the backlog with pertinent next steps and decompose, prioritize and sequence task in planning sessions in collaboration with the team. Undergraduate in Computer Science + 3 years of professional experience in front-end and web development Tech languages needed: front-end framework (at least one amongst: Vue.js, React, ou Angular), Node.js, HTML, CSS, SCSS, GraphQL, JavaScript et TypeScript (being open to learning various languages is a prerequisite) Soft-skills: teamwork, collaboration, rigor, methodology, organization and autonomy. Health benefits and dental insurance Phantom Shares Appreciation Rights (PSARs) activated after 1 year of employment A company culture that encourages work-life balance and loves to play Remote and flexible working hours 
ScrapedJobID565:
Monitoring and reporting over availability and efficiency of FCT-DS production environment. Management and remediation of non-major incidents, with a focus on application faults. Maintenance of FCT-DS operational SLA figures, with a target of 80% SLA compliance. Providing guidance and subject matter expertise to other IT Production Support team members as appropriate. Design and development of small-to-medium software enhancements and process fixes. Performs other duties as required Minimum 1 years of development experience using SQL and C# Web development using JavaScript frameworks, HTML5, jQuery, JSON, and MVC Architecture. Good understanding of techniques used in application troubleshooting/debugging. Good understanding of database design, development and maintenance practices. Good knowledge of n-tier architecture, Microsoft .NET with C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL Server programming, Experience with TDD. Understanding of DevOps basic principles. Comprehensive benefits that include virtual healthcare and an Employee & Family Assistance Program Group retirement savings plan with company match Paid holidays and generous paid time off Paid volunteer opportunities and charitable donation matching Employee recognition programs that include referral incentives Potential for performance-based incentives The opportunity to participate in our stock purchase plan And more! As per terms of the employment agreement 
ScrapedJobID566:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID567:
Identify opportunity and propose solutions to generate the data insights though in-house templates and web based solutions Design database solutions and use the data warehousing tool for mining and churning data for leadership decision making Collects and extracts data from the systems (Client or Internal) and organizes the data structure. Setup reporting framework or existing or new business campaigns. Individually creates solutions and automated templates using VBA, SQL, PowerBI and other available technology Innovate in-house center of excellence and contribute in the global level development projects. Creates and designs the reports templates and visuals for leadership and customers. Generate reports for C level with high accuracy and simplicity. Advanced excel with scripting knowledge to generate the template for the peers to provide periodic reporting to other functions. Analyzes any generated report, to give associated alerts. Conducts deep dive analysis on any serious deviation on the KPI’s, with the Operations department Accurately analyze and collect data for various types of business reports Create business reports that provide insight into key data points and communicate the results of data analysis in written and verbal form to managers Maintain existing reporting database tools through current knowledge of programs and tools and processing report requests Provide requested reports with the required data elements for team and other departments as needed Reconcile and validate data to insure high integrity reporting, conduct system and reporting audits to ensure high integrity reporting and report deliverables’ timeliness, accuracy and efficiency Develop new reporting applications and/or enhance reports and dashboards to meet business demands for both ad-hoc or ongoing needs Review and evaluate daily service level and prepare performance report for client and internal management team. Determine Automation opportunities to streamline manual processes and develop or implement automated procedures Update performance results on display in each site. Develop and distribute monthly performance recognition to Operations Managers and Supervisors (High 5, CSAT, etc.) Ensure the timely and accurate generation of all internal and external reporting including consistency and standardization amongst the various types of reports and databases Update and send daily productivity reports to sites Send updated weekly headcount to the client Gather and maintain data from internal and external sources and develop database to generate fast results through queries and commands Create and maintain technical documentation for various systems, services and business processes including databases and reporting procedures Maintain knowledge of functional area and company policies and procedures Adapt to changing requirements in business need and anticipate needed input and assistance by maintaining understanding of changing management objectives Knowledge, understanding, and compliance with applicable Federal and local laws and regulations relating to job duties 4-8 years’ experience in related field is required Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Management or a related field or equivalent work experience. Hands on with SQL and other RDBMS along with data visualization techniques and tools Experience in .net/JS /vba/scripting is an added advantage Experience in a leadership role in a large contact center setting. Strong organization and time management skills. Proven ability to manage processes and technology, including MS Office products. Superior written and verbal communication skills. Must have strong technical and process improvement skills. General business acumen, including reporting and analysis, presentation skills, and organizational abilities. Understanding of MS Excel and advanced logical formulae, including data check, logical statements, and mathematical calculations Exhibit strong attention to detail Ability to exercise independent judgment discretion Must be willing to work on shifting schedule Must be willing to work on holidays and weekends 
ScrapedJobID568:
Travailler quotidiennement dans une équipe de développement avec la méthodologie Agile Scrum; Participer à l’architecture, à l'analyse, au design et à l’implémentation des composantes logicielles ; Développer du code robuste, performant et testé automatiquement. Une assurance complète très « rassurante d’esprit » (individuel ou familiale) payé par NOUS Liberté dans tes dates de vacances Congés payés pendant le temps des fêtes Un REER collectif avec contribution de notre part 7 journées maladie par année 1 journée de congé mobile et 364 jours de flexibilité Un programme de reconnaissance par les pairs Des activités sociales variées et ben le fun Et bien sûr, du café! Le genre masculin n'est qu'utilisé afin d'alléger le texte Work daily in a development team with the Agile Scrum methodology; Participate in the architecture, analysis, design and implementation of software components; Develop robust, high-performance and automatically tested code. A complete insurance (individual or family) paid by us Freedom in your vacation days Paid vacations during the holiday season A group RRSP with our contribution 7 sick days per year 1 floating vacation day and 364 days of flexibility A peer recognition program A variety of fun social activities And of course, coffee! No 
ScrapedJobID569:
5+ years experience in the field Know the in and outs of Drupal Have a kick-ass attitude Love coffee...nah j.k. - but we really do consume a lot of coffee here. Understanding of but not limited to PHP, MySQL, AJAX, javascript Experience with the Web Experience Toolkit (WxT) Experience working with or for government clients Likes to buy timbits for the office ... no really ... we like timbits. Basic understanding of CSS & HTML Working on OSX 5+ years experience in the field Know the in and outs of Drupal Have a kick-ass attitude Love coffee...nah j.k. - but we really do consume a lot of coffee here. Understanding of but not limited to PHP, MySQL, AJAX, javascript Experience with the Web Experience Toolkit (WxT) Experience working with or for government clients Likes to buy timbits for the office ... no really ... we like timbits. Basic understanding of CSS & HTML Working on OSX 5+ years experience in the field jQuery Wizard SASS Magician Know CSS3, HTML5, jQuery or equivalent of Experience with drupal theming. Experience working with or for government clients Likes to buy timbits for the office ... no really ... we like timbits. Knowing PHP is a huge bonus Understanding command line 
ScrapedJobID570:
Generous vacation (unlimited - yes you heard that correctly!) Health benefits plan (a plan to make sure that you and your family are happy and healthy) Flexible work schedule. We understand that you and your family may have a busy schedule. We can accommodate that! Work from anywhere - the beach, a cabin in the woods, anywhere you have an internet connection and can be productive. Equipment to be productive. You'll get a tech equipment allowance to make sure you are happy and efficient! Continuous learning opportunities and support for professional development. We want you to grow with us, and we will do anything we can to help! Create scalable software for delightful user experiences
Create reusable components - Enable other team members to solve problems.
Take a lead on planning - Look at a list of requirements, provide realistic estimates and then work with Technical Project Managers to ensure fully realised tasks are created and ready to be worked on.
Contribute to design - Provide ideas to help designers solve problems and create great user experiences, from a developers perspective.
Co-create our Design System - Work together with the Design Chapter to bring Viamo's Design System to life.
Be accountable to timelines - Make your work estimates visible, understand the impact it has on timelines and communicate with the team so that everyone is up to date on your progress.
Balance quick fixes and long term solutions - Build solutions quickly while making highly informed choices that ensure the success of future development and product vision.
Provide examples - Use consistent coding patterns and implementation ideas to build a familiarity across the team. Create reusable components - Enable other team members to solve problems. Take a lead on planning - Look at a list of requirements, provide realistic estimates and then work with Technical Project Managers to ensure fully realised tasks are created and ready to be worked on. Contribute to design - Provide ideas to help designers solve problems and create great user experiences, from a developers perspective. Co-create our Design System - Work together with the Design Chapter to bring Viamo's Design System to life. Be accountable to timelines - Make your work estimates visible, understand the impact it has on timelines and communicate with the team so that everyone is up to date on your progress. Balance quick fixes and long term solutions - Build solutions quickly while making highly informed choices that ensure the success of future development and product vision. Provide examples - Use consistent coding patterns and implementation ideas to build a familiarity across the team. Teamwork and Chapter membership
Collaborate and contribute - Work across Tech Chapters (QA, Design, Front end, Infrastructure) and take responsibility by showing through example how to unleash others and move the team forward.
Forward thinking - Actively push knowledge sharing forward by leading learning sessions, coordinating processes and actively engaging in chapter membership.
Unblock others - Work with an awareness of the most important tasks to work on now, that will make a difference for the larger team and ask yourself - “What work can I do that will unblock others?”
Provide Support - Take occasional technical support shifts. Collaborate and contribute - Work across Tech Chapters (QA, Design, Front end, Infrastructure) and take responsibility by showing through example how to unleash others and move the team forward. Forward thinking - Actively push knowledge sharing forward by leading learning sessions, coordinating processes and actively engaging in chapter membership. Unblock others - Work with an awareness of the most important tasks to work on now, that will make a difference for the larger team and ask yourself - “What work can I do that will unblock others?” Provide Support - Take occasional technical support shifts. People Management (optional) - If you enjoy dedicating part of your time to invest in others, you can:
Provide encouragement and guidance to team members
Make sure developers have what they need to succeed
Collect and provide feedback through regular 1-on-1s
Conduct Professional Growth Assessments for your team members by soliciting feedback from Viamo colleagues and assisting with individual goal setting
Support team members to build professional development learning plans Provide encouragement and guidance to team members Make sure developers have what they need to succeed Collect and provide feedback through regular 1-on-1s Conduct Professional Growth Assessments for your team members by soliciting feedback from Viamo colleagues and assisting with individual goal setting Support team members to build professional development learning plans Balance Speed and Quality - You strike a balance between working quickly and writing quality code. Balance Quick fixes and long term solutions - build solutions with an awareness that decisions “roughing things in” at an early stage will make it easier for yourself (and others) to pick it up later. This helps the team build incrementally towards a larger vision. Proactive and communicate often - Given a problem, you collaborate with others and then independently create steps that need to be followed, letting others know of the decisions you make along the way. Leveraging the web as a software development platform Fluency in Modern Javascript - TypeScript Experience with Jest, unit testing, TDD Deep knowledge of CSS; SASS + Less Reactive programming paradigms (Vue.js, ReactJs, etc) Deep understanding of RESTful APIs Frontend build systems and transpilers; webpack (laravel-mix), babel, progressive resource chunking Tooling automation and pipelining (docker, jenkins, bitbucket pipelines/github actions) 
ScrapedJobID571:
Grow - gain experience from all of your teammates (not just developers) to enrich your skill set and understanding of the fastest growing industry Be challenged - join a small team routinely challenged to solve interesting business problems while maintaining a level of excellence the company has come to expect from us. Drive new web initiatives - own the development of key projects related to the AppSmart marketplace that demonstrably impact the business Be successful - thrive in a performance-driven team where innovation and agility are prized and your success can be measured in the company's bottom line Ownership - Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling the marketplace theme You have at least 2 years experience with front-end development You love to build high quality code with efficiency and maintainability in mind You're experienced producing designs from common graphic design software. You're committed to writing efficient, semantic HTML / CSS built with great tools like Sass You have extensive experience with responsive web development You love collaborating with designers and other stakeholders to ensure the final product aligns with their vision and goals You advocate for the user and think about how your coding decisions will impact their experience You have a GitHub, Quora, or StackOverflow account that demonstrates what you love to do Experience with Nunjucks, Twig templating, React, and/or Shopify Templating Language Familiar with forms, data validation, and security Experience with enterprise APIs Experience working with complex data structures Familiarity with CSS organizational concepts like SMACSS and/or BEM 
ScrapedJobID572:
Develop, code, install, test, debug, and document Web applications Ensure security of all Web sites and related applications Participate in the on-call application support rotation University degree, preferably in the field of Computer Science Minimum 2 years of Software development experience Strong understanding of Internet programming languages (Java, Angular JS, JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, XHTML, CSS, CSS3, jQuery) Content Management System experience would be an asset, specifically Adobe Experience Manager Prior Investment or Mutual Fund experience is an asset Excellent written and verbal communications Strong attention to detail with innovative problem-solving abilities Ability to work independently while being in a team environment Technical insight and experience to inform, guide, challenge and support technical decisions Commitment to continuously evolve skills and keep up to date with latest technology Canada’s Top 100 Employers (5th consecutive year) 2021 Greater Toronto’s Top Employers (9th consecutive year) 2021 Canada’s Top Family Friendly Employer (4th consecutive year) 2021 Imagine Canada, Caring Company Canada’s Top Employer For Young People 2021 National HR Awards - Best Corporate Social Responsibility Program Award, Venngo Healthy Workplaces Award Workplace Benefits Awards – Health and Wellness Program Canadian Compassionate Companies Award A Canadian Compassionate Company An Imagine Canada Caring Company 
ScrapedJobID573:
We’re looking for you to maintain, develop and design the corporate CRM (Customer Relationship Management) system. You’ll promote consistent architectural patterns employing Angular framework. You’ll also write effective unit tests and integration tests to ensure high quality software delivery. We’ll be looking for you to review and estimate business requirements, as well as understand and follows security policy guidelines. You’ll conduct code reviews whilst continually evaluating emerging frameworks and technologies to find opportunities, trends and standard methodologies that strengthen The Stars Group web products. You’re likely to have experience in this field and you’ll be experienced in developing large-scale JS projects in dynamic environment. You’ll have an understanding of the Web standards and technologies including Web sockets, Web Workers and Web Security principles. You’ll also have familiarity with the UI testing and building tools. (Karma, Jasmine, Webpack, etc.). Similarly, you’ll be strong on JavaScript, Angular and CSS/HTML. You are likely to have a B.Sc. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math or similar. Finally, we want you to be someone who is hardworking, dedicated, and passionate about the craft and a self-learner who requires minimum supervision. Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) $1,900 as congratulations if you have a baby whilst you work for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career. 
ScrapedJobID574:
Développement Front-End avec React, en TypeScript Interpréter les exigences commerciales en solutions techniques Concevoir l'architecture Front-End et être responsable d'autres aspects Front-End Travailler dans une petite équipe avec une mentalité de startup, en écrivant du code de haute qualité. Mettre en œuvre des processus et collaborer à l'élaboration de notre vision technologique. Recommander des solutions d'avant-garde Partager les meilleures pratiques avec l'équipe Front-End 4+ ans d'expérience en développement web Front-End Forte expérience de TypeScript, HTML, et CSS Bonne connaissance de React.js ou d'autres frameworks similaires. La connaissance de Storybook est un plus Expérience des architectures orientées composants et des bibliothèques de composants. Expertise en architecture multi-tiers Expérience de travail dans un environnement Agile (Kanban, Sprint) Leadership et capacité à travailler en équipe Capacité à s'approprier les livrables Des compétences en UI/UX sont un plus. Bonnes compétences en communication Souplesse dans la modification des priorités Capacité à travailler sous pression, à établir des priorités et à être bien organisé. Front-End development with React, in TypeScript Interpret business requirements into technical solutions Design the Front-End architecture and be responsible for other Front-End aspects Work in a small team with a startup mentality, writing high quality code. Implement processes and collaborate on the development of our technology vision. Recommend cutting-edge solutions Share best practices with the Front-End team 4+ years of Front-End web development experience Strong experience with TypeScript, HTML, and CSS Good knowledge of React.js or other similar frameworks. Knowledge of Storybook is a plus Experience with component-oriented architectures and component libraries. Expertise in multi-tier architecture Experience working in an Agile environment (Kanban, Sprint) Leadership and ability to work in a team Ability to take ownership of deliverables UI/UX skills are a plus. Good communication skills Flexibility in changing priorities Ability to work under pressure, prioritize and be well organized. 
ScrapedJobID575:
Work as part of an agile team to create UI mock-ups Work closely with Product Owners, business stakeholders, and developers and influence the design decisions to transform wealth management’s digital experiences Advocate and enforce accessibility best practises Understand our users’ motivations and needs, leveraging rigorous design research and usability principles as well as your intuitive design sense. Meticulously consider user interactions and journeys Produce compelling designs to illustrate concepts iteratively and to be able to provide detailed specifications for software developers. Drive customer testing and incorporate customer research and insights. Demonstrate leadership by acting as design owner within your agile team through the conception, build and release of software features. Synthesize research outcomes into viable product experiences. Exercise a high level of technical acuity with a thorough understanding of front-end technologies and will factor it into your work limitations and constraints knowing when to push boundaries. Advocate for accessible design principles and implementation. Empathize with users who may have very different lives Bachelor Degree in Human Factors, HCI, Design or related fields (or equivalent work experience). A minimum of 3-5 years of experience designing responsive web and/or native mobile software applications. A demonstrable portfolio of work (professional and personal) which showcases the projects you have worked on and includes examples of your story-telling skills, from low-fidelity sketches through to detailed designs. Ability to communicate using rapid visual design techniques. A demonstrable history of applying design thinking tenets and user centered design principles to challenges at work or in everyday life. Experience with leading design software such as Axure, Sketch, and Adobe Creative Suite (including Adobe XD) Experience in other tools such as Invision, Figma, Framer, Proto.io, etc. is a valuable asset Experience coding in HTML, CSS and/or JavaScript, and understanding limitations of front-end technologies Experience designing for PEGA User Experience Design User Interface Design 
ScrapedJobID576:
Participate in the design and coding of highly usable front-ends Apply leading-edge UI/UX techniques to our portfolio of clients and web-based solutions Work with multi-disciplinary teams including customers, project managers, business analysts, designers, developers, testers, and systems personnel Participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle Related diploma or degree in your discipline, and demonstrated history of success experience with CSS, XHTML, XML, ASP.NET and C# development Experience with JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, Prototype, YUI, or similar Proficiency with the Adobe Creative Suite of products, especially Adobe Photoshop and XD Ability to walk the fine line between design aesthetics and the user experience, ALWAYS considering accessibility, usability, and web standards Ability to communicate well and interact seamlessly with our team of developers to ensure proper implementation of all designs Ability to translate functional requirements and wireframes into effective and usable interfaces Demonstrate comfort hand-coding W3C compliant semantic HTML and CSS for cross-browser functionality Enjoy coupling visual design with front-end development into effective UI’s Familiarity with React, .NET framework, SharePoint development An appreciation for business problems and a good sense of solution design Awareness of agile modeling and lightweight development processes Excellent communication skills, Strong English language skills (oral and written) A focus on customer service and delivery Highly organized Able to research and apply knowledge effectively Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Profit sharing Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday UX Design: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID577:
Photoshop (higher skills, 2+ years experience) Basic InDesign knowledge Basic Illustrator knowledge HTML5 (comfortable level) CSS3 (comfortable level) WordPress (1-2+ years experience, portfolio examples required) Basic Design knowledge Responsive Design (comfortable level) Team player mindset Willingness to learn new skills On-site parking Monday to Friday WordPress: 1 year (required) Adobe Photoshop: 1 year (required) Responsive Design: 1 year (required) HTML5 and CSS3: 1 year (required) No 
ScrapedJobID578:
Java Spring Boot Architecture microservice Kubernetes Docker Kafka Keycloak CI/CD Angular Microsoft Azure Rancher etc. Travailler quotidiennement dans une équipe de développement avec la méthodologie Agile Scrum; Participer à l’architecture, à l'analyse, au design et à l’implémentation des composantes logicielles; Développer du code robuste, performant et testé automatiquement avec une approche CI/CD. Une assurance complète très « rassurante d’esprit » (individuel ou familiale) payé par NOUS Liberté dans tes dates de vacances Congés payés pendant le temps des fêtes Un REER collectif avec contribution de notre part 7 journées maladie par année 1 journée de congé mobile et 364 jours de flexibilité Un programme de reconnaissance par les pairs Et bien sûr, du café! Le genre masculin n'est qu'utilisé afin d'alléger le texte Java Spring Boot Microservice architecture Kubernetes Docker Kafka Keycloak CI/CD Angular Microsoft Azure Rancher etc. Work daily in a development team with the Agile Scrum methodology; Participate in the architecture, analysis, design and implementation of software components, and; Develop robust, high-performance and automatically tested code with a CI/CD approach. A complete insurance (individual or family) paid by us Freedom in your vacation days Paid vacations during the holiday season A group RRSP with our contribution 7 sick days per year 1 floating vacation day and 364 days of flexibility A peer recognition program A variety of fun social activities And of course, coffee! No 
ScrapedJobID579:
Develop test plans and strategies for regression and development test efforts with support from test team members in the analysis of product requirements Establish entrance and exit criteria that are clearly defined and being measurably met for all the stakeholders including the PV team, the Engineering team, Field Services and ultimately the customer Collaborate on testing at a product (automated test suite) and system (manual test suite) level together with the other testers Participate in test projects across all products Conduct problem reproduction and root cause analysis of failures detected in test efforts Run automated product test stands (BAT) and triage test failures and complete basic trouble shooting of test results Development of automated tests Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program 3+- years’ related manual and automated testing experience within the technology industry or an equivalent combination of training and experience Demonstrated experience with Linux, Python and/or Perl, and Bash Experience working with firmware running on embedded devices Working experience with the Agile development process Prior experience or knowledge of the following are an asset: embedded software Oracle databases SQL queries Jira & Jenkins Excellent interpersonal skills including teamwork, respect, and courtesy Strong estimation skills and proven ability to provide detailed & accurate estimates for testing and automation efforts Highly curious, motivated and self-directed Strong technical aptitude with a solid understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering Keen attention to detail, methodical and thorough Proven analytical and problem-solving skills Strong interpersonal skills including collaboration & respect Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English Ability to work independently while also working effectively within a dynamic team environment 
ScrapedJobID580:
Develop and support computer applications; Participate in the development of the architecture and design; Team up with project managers for functional analysis and customer challenges; Be aware of business needs and the achievement of objectives at each stage of the project; Apply and improve internal design and programming methods; Evaluate the impact of proposed solutions on existing systems to ensure that they will increase productivity and collaboration between teams and studios; Analyze the features of the systems to ensure that they meet the needs and are reliable; Be on the lookout for new techniques and propose development tools; Plan tasks, manage risks and impacts of developments; Communicate the progress of the work with the project manager, his superiors and with the internal client; Diagnose and resolve technical problems in applications; Develop reports; Perform any other related tasks. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or equivalent). Minimum of 5 years experience in : C# programming, Javascript, ASP.NET Core MVC, Unit testing (NUnit or other), MS SQL. Experience in workplace quality assurance and customer service. Experience with CICD: Teamcity, Jenkins, Linux operating system; and with multiple environments:SQA, UAT, PROD. Basic knowledge of bugs (Jira, BugTracker), Source Control tools (e.g. Perforce, GIT), Agile methods, specifically Scrum, and the different stages of deployment (SQA, UAT, PROD). Master problem solving. Demonstrate creativity, autonomy. Be customer oriented. Master process management. Ability to adapt easily. Bilingual in written and spoken English and French. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID581:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, related field and/or equivalent professional industry work experience & training Strong background in computer science basics (data structures, algorithms, etc). Sharp analytical abilities, proven skills and a track record of delivery. Communication skills for both a technical and business audience. Experience leveraging object oriented practices. Experience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between Experience in driving systemic operational improvements Experience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills, and make them more effective, product software engineers Experience influencing software engineers best practices within your team Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategy 
ScrapedJobID582:
Work within the Content Management System to code content (e.g., graphics, charts, interactions etc.) for individual websites, as needed Collaborate with our external product vendors to develop and implement product roadmap items Collaborate with our internal Digital Branding team, digital designers and content strategists Continually optimize websites for maximum speed and scalability Identify and implement process improvements to enhance user experience Design and develop code structures to promote reusability across multiple websites and apps Actively seek out knowledge about new technologies and how they can be used to solve current and foreseeable challenges Troubleshoot, debug and address other QA issues 3 + years of experience developing and implementing front-end code (HTML5 and CSS3); strong proficiency in JavaScript frameworks Understanding of Bootstrap, CSS layout and CSS preprocessor tools (e.g., Sass and LESS) Excellent command of various applications and tools including Content Management Systems; knowledge of API integration Ability to write accessible, clean, syntactically correct code Experience implementing responsive, WCAG 2.0 and AODA designs Experience in building and maintaining development design systems Comfortable working in Adobe Creative Suite Experience using Figma; familiarity with basic SEO and performance best practices Experience with Digital Marketing concepts and tools, including Google Analytics, Ads, and tag manager and/or Tableau User experience design and User interface design best practices; understanding of Agile development A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits and competitive compensation Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID583:
Develop high quality, commercial software products Take shared ownership of software development methodology and practices Work with a team to implement functional requirements Ensure software deliverables align with the architecture, development standards, and quality practices Assist in building and executing integrated unit tests Develop well documented, intent-revealing code Contribute to a learning environment through collaboration and knowledge sharing Understand the software development lifecycle Strong software development skills Meticulous work ethic Experience with or excited and ready to learn tools and platforms like Docker, Azure, and Kubernetes to deliver hosted applications Thrive in a team environment Ability to communicate effectively in English - speaking and writing University Degree or Technical Diploma in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics etc. 1-2 years’ experience coding Proficient with JavaScript/Typescript and .NET Core Experience with a modern front-end framework like React Experience with unit testing frameworks Ability to apply object-oriented analysis and design concepts Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts Ability to work on Agile/Scrum based team Knowledge of oil and gas domain and associated workflows is an asset 
ScrapedJobID584:
Build elegant user-facing web experiences that combine intuitive interfaces with smooth performance at scale to allow sellers to succeed online, including managing their online item catalog, accepting orders, fulfilling those orders, and everything in between Work closely with other Store teams on cross functional initiatives to provide complex and advanced Online Store functionality. From international support to robust customer accounts, you will work on the advanced features that help sellers grow and succeed Achieve the levels of reliability and correctness that merchants and buyers expect when they entrust Square with their financial and business information 4+ years of full-stack development experience and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Motivation to build beautiful, refined and intuitive products Innate curiosity, and a desire to learn and teach Empathy for your customers and colleagues Eagerness to share your own ideas, and openness to those of others Experience working in PHP, Java, preferably with some full-stack experience JavaScript ES6, Vue.js, Webpack and state management libraries PHP (Vanilla and Laravel), Go MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources 
ScrapedJobID585:
Post-secondary Education in Design/and or Corporate Branding Minimum of 2 years’ experience in a similar role or capacity Expert ability to hand-code in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for creating, modifying and editing Understanding of custom WordPress themes Take pictures for events, portraits and more Create video and motion graphics for social media purposes Intermediate ability in User Interface and User Experience Design Skillful understanding of PHP, my SQL for creating, modifying and editing Knowledge in website frameworks (Zurb Foundation, Bootstrap) for responsive design Ability to design wireframes and develop front-end code Excellent at adapting to changes and receptive to feedback Very high attention to detail with the ability to meet deadlines under pressure Superior ability maintainprofessionalism and cordiality when working with others Strong ability to take initiative and complete tasks Strong ability to work as a team, with other departments and independently Expert in Adobe Creative Suite applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) Excellent creative abilities for design purposes adhering to the College’s needs Familiarity with Microsoft Office applications Strong proficiency in English Maintain and create new pages for corporate website through Wordpress and hand-coding HTML, CSS and PHP Infuse new ideas for improving UI and UX across the website Fully optimize the new website in terms of mobile usability and site speed Develop wireframes, prototypes, high fidelity mock ups for print and web with ability to transition mock ups into code Create print-ready marketing materials such as viewbooks, flyers, banners, posters, business cards etc. for print production Maintain and uphold all brand standards Perform online data analysis, targeting and positioning for marketing campaign operations, and collaborate with other departments to ensure the digital strategic marketing plan is effectively implemented Create, edit, modify and update current online and offline marketing materials Fully optimize the new website in terms of SEO and mobile usability Create infographics Provide reports on lead conversion, Google Analytics Be a contributing team member for all marketing initiatives involving digital and print Photo editing and manipulation Other duties as assigned by the Web Division Manager Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID586:
Assist in system architecting, designing and development of Bureau Veritas Laboratories Web and windows systems. Work with existing developers in providing support for the data-base driven software products. Develop test data for use in unit, integration, and user testing to ensure that application meets application design specifications. Ensure that departmental development standards are followed. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. 5+ years of extensive experience on designing and implementing web applications using React with RESTful API service (C# ASP .NET Core SQL Server) 5+ years of experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM. 5+ years of hands-on experience with Javascript/TypeScript development 5+ years of hands-on experience working with json-web-token authorization 5+ years of designing and implementing object oriented distributed applications using .NET technologies in C#. 5+ years working experience with ASP.NET/.NETCore 5+ years of working experience with SQL Server databases and stored procedures in T-SQL. Extensive HTML and CSS coding experience with C#, React, JQuery, Javascript, Visual Studio, TFS and MS SQL Server. Deep experience and understanding of WEB API and MVC frameworks. Ability to elaborate functional and architectural specifications for different features. Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git, TFS and continuous integration DevOps tools Deep understanding of each of the parts that make up a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with both development and non-development staff. Attentive to the needs of customers (both internal and external to the organization). University degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or a related field is preferred. Experience in LIMS (Laboratory Information Management System) applications a plus. purpose: shaping a world of trust. 
ScrapedJobID587:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID588:
Culture of collaboration: Meet with mentors, make new friends across the globe and create a thriving personal network. Project-driven experience: Gain cross-functional skills from our virtual and in-person learning sessions, diverse subject matter experts, and project deliverables. Gain visibility: With SAP Internship Experience Project in your title, you’ll have a global network of SAP leaders, entrepreneurs and career development opportunities at your fingertips. Java Spring and/or Angular based software development Developing unit and integration tests Delivering high quality, well designed and well tested code Continuous self-development Sharing knowledge and expertise within the team Good verbal and written English Currently enrolled in a Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering or equivalent degree Experienced in Java and/or Angular Ability to work as part of a self-organising team Open mind for working with different technologies Ability to work as part of a self-organising team Experience with JPA, JEE, Spring Experience with Angular / HTML/CSS/JavaScript Experience of web / mobile application development Experience (or strong interest) in agile methods such as Scrum/XP Experience of eCommerce projects Experience with infrastructure and deployment processes 
ScrapedJobID589:
3+ Proven experience with front-end development (ES2018 JavaScript, React) 3+ Experience with React and Redux 3+ Experience Javascript Experience with micro-frontend architecture & development Experience designing and documenting APIs (we use Node.js, GraphQL) Experience with Selenium and Jest Experience with Kubernetes, Docker Career and skill development opportunities Exposure to a diverse range of projects and industries Opportunities to contribute to the global technology community Remote interview process Virtual meetings All COVID-19 protocols are being followed in our in-person meetings 
ScrapedJobID590:
A2Z Events, a multi-event platform that enables clients to manage their events from start to finish, including floor plans, financials, managing contracts and sponsorships, and increasing engagement through mobile applications and a networking suite. CommUnity, an online community platform for those with common interests to connect, learn and collaborate. Wild Apricot, an all-in-one solution that automates and simplifies workflows enabling nonprofits and associations to manage their membership, streamline their processes, and make room for human connections. Member Clicks, an easy-to-use member management cloud solution aimed at small to medium-sized nonprofit organizations and associations. ThreeSixty, an enterprise management solution for associations, nonprofits, YMCAs and JCCs to engage, manage and grow their membership. And more. Introduce original ideas and best practices. You will ensure our lead generation and revenue growth needs are accurately and effectively represented through website functionality and enhanced user experience. You will continuously iterate and improve our web presence, researching new tools, fine-tuning performance, and implementing best practices. Interpret and code. You will translate our brand and demand generation strategies to our websites, landing pages, and more, optimizing site performance, including cross-browser compatibilities, page load time, broken links, SEO, and CRO. You will design, develop, test and analyze, and deploy new or improved functionality and features across our websites. You will manage multiple website domains in collaboration with our marketing team and agencies. You will draw on various front-end development skills, design, and marketing, build new landing pages to support marketing initiatives, and collaborate with web designers and digital marketers to maximize the effectiveness of campaigns and search performance. Manage the details. You will ensure the site content remains fresh and relevant, managing hundreds of links and redirects as necessary. You will leverage reporting, analytics, and our marketing technology stack to optimize strategy and execution continuously. You will provide detailed reports and proactive solutions to the team and senior leaders. The education. You have a postsecondary degree or diploma. The technical expertise. You have 5+ years of experience developing B2B web features and functionality. You have expertise with:
PHP and JavaScript as well as HTML, CSS, XML
Web content management systems such as WordPress and web hosts such as WP Engine
SEO and deep understanding of current best practices.
Front-end development and engaging UI/UX design and layout. PHP and JavaScript as well as HTML, CSS, XML Web content management systems such as WordPress and web hosts such as WP Engine SEO and deep understanding of current best practices. Front-end development and engaging UI/UX design and layout. The drive. You can work proactively on your own, prioritizing deliverables. You are self-motivated with a high degree of integrity and accountability. The communication and interpersonal skills. Your oral, written, and presentation skills are outstanding. You can easily build a positive, professional relationship with stakeholders at any level. We recognize and appreciate the varied experiences, backgrounds, and knowledge our team can bring to our culture, operations, products, and relationships internally and externally. We have an impactful recruitment diversity strategy to increase representation across the company at every level. And, we're working with our teams to create employee resource groups that further support our people in the safe spaces and ways they need to feel heard. 
ScrapedJobID591:
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Translate the UI/UX design to code Collaborate with UX/UI Designer & Motion Designer to create visually interesting and dynamic user experiences Maintain coding consistency throughout the project lifecycle, including the design, definition and build phases Bridge the gap between design & implementation Troubleshoot any site issues and stay up-to-date on current and emerging technologies, standards and trends, including in-house systems and languages. Advanced knowledge of CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and HTML Experience with a JavaScript Framework, specifically Angular Experience integrating RESTful API’s in order to visualize data Excellent problem-solving skills Ability to prioritize multiple projects, while meeting deadlines and quality expectations Experience working with Git and Version Control Systems Experience with digital signage is preferred A portfolio showcasing your work; be sure to include the link! Bachelor's Degree or higher, preferably in Interactive Design, Visual Design, Information Systems, Informatics, or a related technology field Competitive compensation and benefits A fun environment that fosters energy, creativity and results Highly collaborative and flexible working environment High-caliber partnerships and on-going opportunities to work with industry leaders and experts We invest in, and use, the latest technologies 2 - 5 years: JavaScript Framework, specifically Angular Thought Provoking: Capable of making others think deeply on a subject Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity Work-Life Balance: Inspired to perform well by having ample time to pursue work and interests outside of work Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help Growth Opportunities: Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility 
ScrapedJobID592:
Post-secondary Education in Design/and or Corporate Branding Minimum of 2 years’ experience in a similar role or capacity Expert ability to hand-code in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for creating, modifying and editing Understanding of custom WordPress themes Take pictures for events, portraits and more Create video and motion graphics for social media purposes Intermediate ability in User Interface and User Experience Design Skillful understanding of PHP, my SQL for creating, modifying and editing Knowledge in website frameworks (Zurb Foundation, Bootstrap) for responsive design Ability to design wireframes and develop front-end code Excellent at adapting to changes and receptive to feedback Very high attention to detail with the ability to meet deadlines under pressure Superior ability maintainprofessionalism and cordiality when working with others Strong ability to take initiative and complete tasks Strong ability to work as a team, with other departments and independently Expert in Adobe Creative Suite applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) Excellent creative abilities for design purposes adhering to the College’s needs Familiarity with Microsoft Office applications Strong proficiency in English Maintain and create new pages for corporate website through Wordpress and hand-coding HTML, CSS and PHP Infuse new ideas for improving UI and UX across the website Fully optimize the new website in terms of mobile usability and site speed Develop wireframes, prototypes, high fidelity mock ups for print and web with ability to transition mock ups into code Create print-ready marketing materials such as viewbooks, flyers, banners, posters, business cards etc. for print production Maintain and uphold all brand standards Perform online data analysis, targeting and positioning for marketing campaign operations, and collaborate with other departments to ensure the digital strategic marketing plan is effectively implemented Create, edit, modify and update current online and offline marketing materials Fully optimize the new website in terms of SEO and mobile usability Create infographics Provide reports on lead conversion, Google Analytics Be a contributing team member for all marketing initiatives involving digital and print Photo editing and manipulation Other duties as assigned by the Web Division Manager Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID593:
Java Spring Boot Architecture microservice Kubernetes Docker Kafka Keycloak CI/CD Angular Microsoft Azure Rancher etc. Travailler quotidiennement dans une équipe de développement avec la méthodologie Agile Scrum; Participer à l’architecture, à l'analyse, au design et à l’implémentation des composantes logicielles; Développer du code robuste, performant et testé automatiquement avec une approche CI/CD. Une assurance complète très « rassurante d’esprit » (individuel ou familiale) payé par NOUS Liberté dans tes dates de vacances Congés payés pendant le temps des fêtes Un REER collectif avec contribution de notre part 7 journées maladie par année 1 journée de congé mobile et 364 jours de flexibilité Un programme de reconnaissance par les pairs Et bien sûr, du café! Le genre masculin n'est qu'utilisé afin d'alléger le texte Java Spring Boot Microservice architecture Kubernetes Docker Kafka Keycloak CI/CD Angular Microsoft Azure Rancher etc. Work daily in a development team with the Agile Scrum methodology; Participate in the architecture, analysis, design and implementation of software components, and; Develop robust, high-performance and automatically tested code with a CI/CD approach. A complete insurance (individual or family) paid by us Freedom in your vacation days Paid vacations during the holiday season A group RRSP with our contribution 7 sick days per year 1 floating vacation day and 364 days of flexibility A peer recognition program A variety of fun social activities And of course, coffee! No 
ScrapedJobID594:
Maintaining existing features and developing new features for the frontend of the payment platform Participating in architecture reviews and code reviews Working closely with the back-end team on maintenance and implementation of new features Assisting other business units integrate our various front-end libraries into their systems 3-5+ years of professional web development experience Experience implementing complex application with one of the major front-end frameworks (preferably React); Familiarity with state management pattern, routing, and Single Page Application (React Redux) Expertise in HTML, CSS/SASS and JavaScript. (TypeScript knowledge is a plus). Good knowledge of object-oriented JavaScript Proficient in Vanilla JavaScript, its quirks, and best practices Excellent understanding of synchronous and asynchronous request and promise handling Excellent understanding of cross-browser and legacy compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues Expertise developing and testing across multiple platforms and web browsers Ability to accurately estimate development work based on provided requirements Ability to prioritize and manage workload effectively Strong attention to detail Good understanding of Git Basic understanding of TypeScript. Experience with test and mocking techniques (such as Behavior-Driven Development) and tools such as Jest, Mocha, etc. 
ScrapedJobID595:
Assist in evaluating new functionality requests on a value scale for the business Scope, develop, test, deliver complex, scalable front end components and user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure technical feasibility and SEO optimization of UI/UX designs Optimize our applications for speed, scalability and responsiveness across desktop and mobile Assure all user input is validated before it's submitted to the back-end Ensure work is delivered on schedule and keep stakeholders informed of the project’s progress. Explore and recommend current trends, techniques and technologies that could have a positive impact on your work Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or multi-year college program 5+ years' experience with JavaScript,, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, SCSS and frameworks like Bootstrap that includes strong client side scripting 5+ years’ of development experience with the Microsoft .NET/ technology stack 3+ years’ experience building complex, performance sensitive SPA's with Angular 7+ Practical experience with Nodejs and Typescript Ability to translate UX mock-ups into responsive interfaces that work seamlessly across desktop, mobile and tablet including using flexible/fluid grids and imagery Solid understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Knowledge of cloud hosted image services such as Cloudinary for dynamic image manipulation Deep understand of component-based design Practical understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git / GitHub Good understanding of SEO principles and how to ensure applications adhere to them Experience with Agile methodology and Scrum practices Experience with storybook.io would be a bonus Thrives working in a technology and KPI driven organization Able to thrive in an entrepreneurial environment Highly functional in a fast paced, constantly changing workplace - building plans through iterations from learning on what’s working and not working Ability to build trust and work through conflict both upwards and downward 
ScrapedJobID596:
Design, implement, test, and maintain high performance, bold user interfaces and cutting edge frameworks and tools Work very closely with UX designers, product managers and a team of senior engineers building the next big thing Partner with engineers across the company to ensure the platform allows teams to create new products quickly and consistently Promote and empower internal open-source philosophy around shared web technology Offer mentorship, code reviews, and clear documentation for fellow engineers Strong proficiency in JavaScript and React, Redux and Unit testing. Experience with SCSS and styled-components Passionate creating mobile-first and cross-browser friendly websites Passionate for performance, optimization, accessibility, and SEO Experience working with Storybook 
ScrapedJobID597:
Build applications for various front office businesses Define the architecture for new developments Ensure all data and flows between other trading and settlement applications are maintained Manage multiple initiatives from start to end, including: Collaborating with users and business analysts to understand user needs and translate requirements into systems Reviewing and designing the architecture for the new systems Estimating effort and ensuring timely delivery Ensuring agile and continuous delivery methodology is followed Being responsible for the 2nd and 3rd level of support Assisting the support team in the rollout of releases Collaborate with other teams (networking, systems, quality insurance, support, architects, others development teams) You have at least 3 years of experience as a developer in an investment banking/financial environment
You are an efficient communicator (good written & verbal communication skills)
You have some knowledge of financial products (ie. Fixed Income) or financial industry business
Your education: BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent
Your technical skills: You have at least 3 years of experience as a developer in an investment banking/financial environment You are an efficient communicator (good written & verbal communication skills) You have some knowledge of financial products (ie. Fixed Income) or financial industry business Your education: BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Your technical skills: Experience in object-oriented programming Experience with .Net C# Experience in multithreaded application development Experience with development and deployment of RESTful services Knowledge of programming design patterns including MVVM Good understanding of Agile development practices Experience with source control tools (ie. Git) Competitive salary and vacation package Great coverage and Social benefits including
2000$ health spending account to get massages or pay other services not covered by our insurance
1000$/year Personal Spending account… it even works to pay animal day care!
Maternity, paternity and adoption leave for all 2000$ health spending account to get massages or pay other services not covered by our insurance 1000$/year Personal Spending account… it even works to pay animal day care! Maternity, paternity and adoption leave for all An opportunity to express yourself and get involved: And… a great training offer plus opportunities to evolve within the company with international mobility opportunities. Commitment to putting integrity at the heart of our businesses Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Climate commitment Citizen engagement 
ScrapedJobID598:
Program and Design new features based on Unity for either Mobile or Desktop Perform unit tests and integration tests and debug existing and new features Participate in code reviews Participate in daily Agile scrum meeting Participate in documenting the new features Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ years experience in software development Experience of Unity Programming skills in C# needed (Javascript, Python, Go or Java is a plus) Experience of UI Front End development Experience of iOS and Android development and deployment Experience of Mac and Windows development Experience of Agile Ways of Working Experience of GIT repository Experience of AR (Augmented Reality) is a plus Experience of HoloLens 2 is considered is a plus Experience working with cloud platforms English required Communicative and a positive attitude towards customers and colleagues Analytical skills, logical reasoning, and excellent problem-solving skills Sense of responsibility, autonomy and resourcefulness Team player, organized and strive for results and quality Creative with ideas to improve the product Ability to coordinate and handle more than one task at the same time Being proactive 
ScrapedJobID599:
Bachelor's in Information Technology or other related field. 3 years of experience in object oriented development using Java (Spring Boot, Hibernate) technologies. Experience with Windows and UNIX OS. Ability and desire to work under minimal supervision. Ability to be a team player, willing to volunteer help and learn from others. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to interface with project stakeholders and develop a consensus around project requirements Browser based or client server development and support experience. Responsive web front end development experience. Experience with full life cycle iterative development; requirements gathering, technical design, development, testing and implementation. Prefer experience in health care industry or medical research. Experience working with complex health care data systems or applications (Electronic Medical Record, etc.). Previous experience with Java Previous experience with Spring and/or Spring Boot Previous experience with Microservices Excellent communication skills Previous experience with AWS Previous experience working in the Telecom Industry BS or MS in Computer Science or related field Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID600:
Create responsive and functional web applications which interact with our cloud services Collaborate with UX designers and team members to provide and support new features Develop and maintain new and existing web applications and REST APIs Plan, design, write, test and debug application code Deliver high quality work within tight deadlines Diagnose and solve problems quickly and effectively as they arise Work in a team environment on concurrent projects Web application development using JavaScript frameworks like React, Vue, AngularJS, JQuery AWS Serverless architectures: RDS PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Lambda functions, FarGate, SNS, SQS Web services and REST APIs ETL, Data Warehousing and white label reporting systems Bitbucket, Git or similar code repositories Have excellent written and oral communications skills Be intrinsically motivated and an eager learner with a strong desire for self-improvement Be adaptable to changing business requirements Have excellent interpersonal skills and a demonstrated ability to work in a positive and collaborative manner with diverse co-workers Contribute to objective evaluations of new tools, processes, techniques, and technologies to improve and accelerate our software delivery 
ScrapedJobID601:
Design and development of new features and improvements to the Citi Velocity 2.0 UI Framework. Discuss, interpret and implement requirements with business and tech users, and perform demos of completed iterations Perform peer code reviews, take part in group design discussions, mentor junior team members Conduct tasks related to feasibility studies, time and cost estimates, IT planning, risk technology, applications development, model development, and establish and implement new or revised applications systems and programs to meet specific business needs or user areas Monitor and control all phases of development process and analysis, design, construction, testing, and implementation as well as provide user and operational support on applications to business users Utilize in-depth specialty knowledge of applications development to analyze complex problems/issues, provide evaluation of business process, system process, and industry standards, and make evaluative judgement Recommend and develop security measures in post implementation analysis of business usage to ensure successful system design and functionality Consult with users/clients and other technology groups on issues, recommend advanced programming solutions, and install and assist customer exposure systems Ensure essential procedures are followed and help define operating standards and processes Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision. Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy. Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members. Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. At least 2 Years commercial C#/WPF development experience, with strong OO knowledge. Excellent general programming, software design and problem solving skills Strong Academic Record, ideally with a Computer Science, Maths, Physics or Engineering degree. Excellent attention to detail, a good eye for design, and strong communication skills. Strong software engineering skills – e.g. use of best practices, design patterns. Understanding of UX and interaction design Experience interfacing with various back-end technologies, frameworks and services Knowledge in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and modern JavaScript framework i.e. Angular.js, Node.js Has significant experience with cross-platform / responsive design & development and Responsive/Adaptive builds Has experience working with an automated front-end toolchains built using modern technologies and can actively participate in defining best practices Experience in systems analysis and programming of software applications Experience in managing and implementing successful projects Ability to work under pressure and manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements Experience of Agile methodologies, plus use of Subversion and Continuous Build servers. Knowledge of other programming languages, and advanced technologies Self-motivation, enthusiasm, willingness to learn. Strong planning and organisation skills. Experience of working in Banking / Markets desirable but not required Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID602:
Collaborate with the UX team to provide and deliver a customer-centric user experience to our customers Lead the technical design and implementation of reusable UI components Optimize components and pages for maximum speed and scalability Establish “best-in-class” engineering for our services by ensuring that the services and the components are well-defined and modularized, secure, reliable, diagnosable, actively monitored and reusable Provide strong influence to our front-end architecture Improve the performance of our web application Review designs and code to maintain the high bar for quality Present in Lunch and Learns to share your knowledge and experience Mentor engineers to help building our strong engineering team Challenge status quo and always look for ways to improve to help push the bar of our engineering team Collaborate with other developers, and departments to create technical solutions that grow the company Be a team player who enjoys collaborating with, learning from, mentoring, and teaching other team members to create a positive work environment 5+ years of product development experience, preferable with strong focus in FE development Bachelors in Computer Science or related fields Solid knowledge of the principles, and practices of engineering, including the application of principles related to conceptual design Experience with mentoring junior engineers Strong determination to overcome all obstacles Enviable interpersonal skills with the ability to build trusting relationships with team members, management and external partners Strong strategic thinking skills paired with the courage to challenge the status quo Extremely proactive and thrives in a dynamic, move-fast, roll-up-your-sleeves culture Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related fields Experience with React Experience with Typescript Experience with .NET (C#, ASP.NET) Experience with Azure $90,000 - $110,000 CAD base salary (+ 15% bonus) Work for one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada, according to Canadian Business A flexible work environment with access to our downtown Vancouver office (and a fully stocked kitchen!) Full health benefits customizable to your specific needs An additional $200 per month wellness spending account Generous vacation policy with opportunities for additional paid time off Regular team and company events designed to help you get to know your teammates better! Stock options upon hire A chance to be part of a break-out success story, working with other like-minded high performers 
ScrapedJobID603:
Develop product features in an Agile environment using the LAMP stack. Own product features from initial concept, development, testing, to release —all while seeking an understanding of each part in order to comprehend and improve the big picture. Proactively suggest ways we can meet or exceed our system performance. Provide accurate estimates for work completion and regularly communicate status of deliverables. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent. 1-2 years of production experience with some of PHP, MySQL, Javascript, CSS, HTML5 or similar equivalents. Some hands-on experience developing, shipping, operating, and/or maintaining web applications including developing and debugging code in an agile environment. Ability to work independently and in small teams. Fine attention to detail including coding best practices and documentation. Familiarity with SVN and/or Git. Experience working with API’s would be an asset. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal. Passion about your work. 
ScrapedJobID604:
Excellent knowledge and skills in TypeScript, React.js, React Native, responsive design Experience with Redux, Mobx or other application state management Proficient in HTML, CSS and JavaScript Hands- on experience both with REST and WebSocket based web services Understanding with C#, .Net Framework, Web API development Competent with Git, DevOps practices, CI/CD, Agile methodology, TDD and BD Adept with Blazor and WebAssembly Capable of developing Web products for the IoT industry 
ScrapedJobID605:
Design, develop, and maintain code for our web-based and mobile applications. Collaborate with software and production engineers to design scalable services, plan feature roll-out, and ensure high reliability and performance of our products. Conduct code reviews, develop high-quality documentation, and build robust test suites for your products. Design and build complex applications that can scale rapidly with little maintenance. Provide technical support for many applications within the technology portfolio. Respond to and troubleshoot complex problems quickly, efficiently, and effectively. Handle multiple competing priorities in an agile, fast-paced environment. BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline or equivalent practical experience. Minimum 2 years of experience with programming in the following: React-Native, React, or JavaScript (Angular, VueJS also acceptable) Minimum 2 years of experience working with continuous integration and build tools. Deep knowledge in day-day tools and how they work including deployments, monitoring systems, and testing tools. Highly proficient in version control systems including trunk-based development, multiple release planning, cherry picking, and rebase. Self-sufficient debugger who can identify and solve complex problems in code. Deep understanding of major data structures (arrays, dictionaries, strings). Competitive salary and benefits Upbeat Innovated Culture Professional training opportunities Flexible schedules 
ScrapedJobID606:
Key contributor to our front-end applications written in Angular 9 and TypeScript Code new user-facing features and integrate data from various back-end services Learn and share expertise with teammates through code reviews and other avenues Research and propose new approaches to work, new tools, and new best practices for the team Work with design and engineering team members to build features from concept through implementation Implement unit tests to ensure fulfillment of business and functional requirements Integrate with assigned product development team and participate in cross-functional collaborations Help scope, estimate and prioritize work Ensure quality by performing thorough testing of your work and participating in peer reviews within your team. Expertise (not just experience) with Angular, TypeScript, HTML5, NgRX, RxJS, Jest, GraphQL 3+ years of professional software engineering experience BS / Master’s in engineering, computer science or other related technical field The ability to learn by doing and a passion for learning new concepts and solving problems Experience developing, managing, and monitoring highly-available and distributed software Experience with in-house data centers as well as cloud computing platforms - AWS/Azure/GCP. AWS preferred. Experience with Kubernetes, ElasticSearch and/or Kafka is a plus (If you have all 3: we definitely want you!) Willingness to jump in and use unfamiliar technologies to help any engineering team should the need arise 
ScrapedJobID607:
Collaborate with other UX researchers, product managers, designers, and engineers to help define and refine the product experience for a range of different user types Work with product analysts and product experts to triangulate data from multiple sources Strategize and socialize the learning agenda, research plan, and approach Conduct research, synthesize data, and share findings with stakeholders, and collaborate on ways to apply the research Use your findings to influence product teams to improve user experience and business metrics Influence the ways our Go-to-Market teams engage and support our customer base outside of the product itself Hone your research skills alongside HubSpot's incredible UX Research team Experience running end-to-end user research projects A broad tool set of research techniques Ability to interpret and apply quantitative data to inform qualitative research Awareness of their own and others' biases and the ability minimize them in their work Ability to identify and articulate behavioral patterns The desire to dig deep into the data and get energized by unstructured discovery or exploratory research Web development experience or familiarity with web development platforms Experience conducting research with developers as end users 
ScrapedJobID608:
Creating and enhancing parent and child themes that can be easily extended for use on multiple websites Developing reusable web and React components that can be used on a variety of different web properties Creating and enhancing custom WordPress plugins Creating new features, resolving bugs, maintaining and optimizing our existing web properties Translating product requests into working software Evaluating emerging technologies and development methodologies against business needs Contributing to the overall development technical roadmap and strategy Participating in regular code reviews to help formulate and ensure adherence to internal and industry best practices and guidelines Collaborating with team members of different disciplines across multiple Scrum teams on a regular bases 5+ years of professional software development experience with proven competency in web applications Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Design, Multimedia or demonstrated industry hands on experience Expert knowledge of WordPress including: WordPress functions, hooks (action and filters) Data sanitization and escaping techniques WordPress best practices, coding standards and security concerns Expertise with development languages, tools and frameworks including: PHP, Composer, npm, Gulp, CSS3, SASS, JSON, HTML/HTML5 Git Version Control Web Accessibility Standards Strong understanding of the following technologies: ReactJS, Next.js, ES6 Experience consuming REST or GraphQL based APIs Bootstrap (or other responsive frameworks) RESTful API Caching CDN Proficient knowledge of: Scrum (Agile Practices) Software development lifecycle (SDLC) Test Driven Development (TDD) Object-Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) Design Patterns and Principles (MVC, KISS, DRY, YAGNI, Single Responsibility etc.) SEO best practices Website performance optimization strategies Solid understanding of website architecture that integrates multiple data sources. The ability to work on multiple tasks, prioritizing and organizing as needed to maximize productivity Experience working with public facing, high-visibility, mission-critical applications Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills Docker Video streaming + video on demand JW HTML5 Player Vualto Adobe Primetime/Pass DRM Ad Integration (DFP, GPT) Metrics (Adobe/GA/ComScore) No phone calls please. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
ScrapedJobID609:
Investigating Web technologies for a suitable framework Designing and modeling database Designing and creating various applications and web documents Developing, testing and debugging application Preparing reference documentation Preparing programming and coding documentation Possess at least three (3) years relevant experience as web application developer Experience with database driven websites, database development, relational database design, and database protocols A good knowledge of PHP, AJAX, CSS, MySQL, OOP, UML. Apache Effective oral and written communication, organizational, problem solving and interpersonal skills Ability to understand and contribute to functional requirements and translate them into technical designs and development projects Ability to document features, technical specifications and infrastructure requirements Ability to work independently and within a team environment Knowledge of Java and .NET Previous experience with HR, payroll or time and attendance applications 
ScrapedJobID610:
Working deeper with the JavaScript and Rails ecosystems Working with modern browser technologies and paradigms Building performant, secure and accessible web applications Building innovative products and features integrated with existing systems Maintaining large and continuously evolving web apps Translating complex business requirements into maintainable code A minimum of 5 years of experience building single-page applications (React, Typescript a plus) with a GraphQL or RESTful APIs Solid experience building, testing and maintaining client-facing products Experience working in a team environment Ability to participate in the design, implementation, and testing of the web application Participate in code reviews and spread your knowledge to the team Capacity to accept constructive code review and challenge your beliefs when presented with relevant evidence Outstanding problem-solving skills and can-do attitude Capacity and willingness to work in an agile multi-team environment Excellent communication skills and fluent in English and French is a nice to have Interest in mentoring, guiding and teaching junior developers; previous experience as a lead with direct reports, an asset 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual companies get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software engineers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID611:
Create responsive and functional web applications which interact with our cloud services Collaborate with UX designers and team members to provide and support new features Develop and maintain new and existing web applications and REST APIs Plan, design, write, test and debug application code Deliver high quality work within tight deadlines Diagnose and solve problems quickly and effectively as they arise Work in a team environment on concurrent projects Web application development using JavaScript frameworks like React, Vue, AngularJS, JQuery AWS Serverless architectures: RDS PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Lambda functions, FarGate, SNS, SQS Web services and REST APIs ETL, Data Warehousing and white label reporting systems Bitbucket, Git or similar code repositories Have excellent written and oral communications skills Be intrinsically motivated and an eager learner with a strong desire for self-improvement Be adaptable to changing business requirements Have excellent interpersonal skills and a demonstrated ability to work in a positive and collaborative manner with diverse co-workers Contribute to objective evaluations of new tools, processes, techniques, and technologies to improve and accelerate our software delivery 
ScrapedJobID612:
Develop maintainable and high-quality code that is well tested. Participate in design architecture for the front-end application and justify the development approach. Get with product owners and business owners to understand the requirements and convert them into beautiful user experiences. Experiment and keep the toolchains and frameworks updated and current by recommending tooling updates as well as pitching newer and more efficient technology. Education requirement: B.S. in Computer Science, Design, Human Computer Interaction etc. 5+ years of developing UI applications. Experience in building toolchain for developing front end applications using both JavaScript and TypeScript Deep knowledge of building SPA applications using frameworks like Vue, Svelte etc. as well as server composed applications Full proficiency in writing semantic, standards compliant HTML and CSS. Hands on experience with Micro front ends is preferred Comfortable working with version control systems like Git and must be comfortable working in a cloud native deployment environment Experience with backend Node.js framework to deliver templated frontend using frameworks like Express, Fastify etc. Experience in multiple templating engines like Pug, Mustache, Handlebars, EJS etc. Knowledge of a micro front-end framework like Podium, Bit, Piral, Qiankun etc. Knowledge of a popular CSS framework like Bootstrap, Materialize, Foundations etc. 
ScrapedJobID613:
Experienced with UI Technologies like React JS, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Spring boot Experienced with the web technologies and toolkits: XML, HTML5, JSON, TypeScript In-depth knowledge of UI design patterns and performance tuning Strong understanding of Agile methodologies, Test Driven Development with track record of high-quality deliverables Excellent presentations skills: ability to communicate in a clear and concise manner; individually or in front of a group Experience working with global teams and global application environments Strong attention to detail, and commitment to delivering high quality business solutions. Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift React: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID614:
Management Finances and Administration Natural and Applied Science + Related Fields Health Sales & Services Supply chain, Transportation, and Related Fields Natural Resources, Agriculture Public Utilities – Fabrication & Services Work closely with the web and mobile application development team to design, implement, test, maintain and optimize the organization's AI products, as defined in the product roadmap. Participate with your teammates in sprints, elaborate and define user stories, provide feedback and recommendations, produce estimates, and identify areas of risk. Be an advocate for quality throughout the development process. Provide quality and acceptance validation of your new features and functionalities by using a combination of scripted and manual testing techniques. Contribute to the ongoing efforts to refine and improve the internal software development processes, test methodologies, and internal testing tools. Create new and maintain existing documentation (ie: requirements, designs, architectures, test cases, user stories, use cases, release notes, user manuals, etc). Graduate degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience. At least 10 years of experience as a front-end web developer. At least 7 years of experience with HTML, CSS/SASS and JavaScript. At least 5 years of experience with one or more web development framework (ie: Angular, AngularJS, Vue.js, React.js). At least 3 years of mobile development experience. At least 3 years of experience with REST API’s. At least 1 year of experience with TypeScript. Experience with:
Git, JIRA, Confluence and Jenkins.
Amazon Web Services, Lambda’s, Step Functions, API Gateway, etc.
jQuery, Moment.js, Bootstrap/Foundation.
Responsive web design (ie: libraries, CSS Grid, CSS Flexbox, etc.).
GNU/Linux and shell scripting (ie: bash, awk, sed, grep, curl, etc.).
Monitoring and optimizing systems to ensure optimal performance.
Mockup and UI prototyping tools (ie: Invision, Zeplin, etc.). Git, JIRA, Confluence and Jenkins. Amazon Web Services, Lambda’s, Step Functions, API Gateway, etc. jQuery, Moment.js, Bootstrap/Foundation. Responsive web design (ie: libraries, CSS Grid, CSS Flexbox, etc.). GNU/Linux and shell scripting (ie: bash, awk, sed, grep, curl, etc.). Monitoring and optimizing systems to ensure optimal performance. Mockup and UI prototyping tools (ie: Invision, Zeplin, etc.). General understanding of:
UI/UX design principles and best practices.
DOM, AJAX, JSON, JSONP, XML, XSS, polyfill.
Security best practices. UI/UX design principles and best practices. DOM, AJAX, JSON, JSONP, XML, XSS, polyfill. Security best practices. Experience with:
Artificial Intelligence (AI), Deep Learning (DL) and Machine Learning (ML).
Rule Engine, Flow Engine or Business Intelligence (BI).
Node.js and NPM. Artificial Intelligence (AI), Deep Learning (DL) and Machine Learning (ML). Rule Engine, Flow Engine or Business Intelligence (BI). Node.js and NPM. Understanding and experience with multiple barcode types and plugins. General understanding of Adaptive Web Design (AWD). General understanding of network diagnostic tools. High School Professional Training Bachelor’s degree Master PhD Required / Privileged Bilingual Fluent Good Average School level Required / Privileged Bilingual Fluent Good Average School level Required/ Privileged Requited / Privileged Fixed Duration (temporary) Undetermined Duration (permanent) Annual Monthly Weekly Hourly Confidential Public Stimulating work environment and state-of-the-art projects, Professional development and continuing education with access to international conferences, Benefits after 3 months in position providing excellent coverage, Open work environment and sophisticated work equipment. 
ScrapedJobID615:
Contribute to requirements gathering and analysis, design, development, planning, implementation, testing and maintenance of software applications, and large epidemiological databases. Design, document, perform unit testing and maintain web based applications using JavaScript and related front end technologies, ensuring superior performance, quality and responsiveness. Contribute to development and implementation of systems for data storage and access, ensuring the accuracy, integrity and confidentiality of patient data. Participate in team quality development activities including cross-functional code walkthroughs/reviews. Ensure a high level of service is provided to a diverse user base and team members by delivering strong, effective solutions. Respond to and resolve software and hardware issues/queries. Performs other duties as required. Demonstrated knowledge of Javascript testing frameworks such as Mocha. Demonstrated skill in the Node environment and Node Package Manager (NPM) Demonstrated ability in the use of Git and Visual Studio. Demonstrated knowledge of Oracle database concepts and SQL including ability to retrieve and post SQL data. Ability to troubleshoot, maintain computer systems, and carry out various procedures. Demonstrated analytical skills to evaluate, modify and adjust procedure to meet/improve standards. Demonstrated ability to quickly troubleshoot and rectify problems. Demonstrated ability to prioritize projects, make decisions and recognize situations needing input from senior staff. Ability to work independently and cooperatively in a group situation. Ability to plan and perform work independently. Strong verbal and written communications skills, including technical writing skills. Ability to maintain strict confidentiality. Strong organizational skills and attention to detail Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. Resume and cover letter Links to development projects porfolio, if available. 
ScrapedJobID616:
Work with the Lead Developer, Designers, Project Managers, Backend Developers, and other stakeholders on developing web3 products, platforms, and tools. Implement User Interfaces and User Experiences that bridge blockchain interactions and engagement. Integrate backends, web2 & web3 stacks, and 3rd party APIs. Perform QA for yourself and peer-reviews, testing for accessibility, aesthetics, usability, API integrations, security, and cross-browser compatibility. Javascript Electron TypeScript Node.js React web3 Ethers Git Clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution 3+ years of experience with React 1+ years of experience integrating wallets (e.g. MetaMask, WalletConnect), cryptocurrencies, blockchains, NFTs A strong intuition to learn further web3 concepts Collaborative energy and ability to work well in teams Strong work ethic and passion Strongly preferred: A portfolio, graphic design experience (e.g. Figma, the GIMP, Photoshop), experience using sockets/WebSockets. Bonus: Experience with other front-end frameworks (e.g. Vue, Angular), queuing (e.g. RabbitMQ, AWS SQS), containers (e.g. Docker), Electron, Jenkins, cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), and previous experience with a web3 team. Highly skilled in learning on the job and continuously learning Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Mature, professional, driven, empathetic. Experience in blockchain or crypto industry Joining a great growth-centric, exciting team culture A chance to make a difference in a growing company Exciting projects and an opportunity to shape our future Competitive compensation and benefits package Flexibility A focus and support on professional development - we value ongoing learning 
ScrapedJobID617:
Develop maintainable and high-quality code that is well tested. Participate in design architecture for the front-end application and justify the development approach. Get with product owners and business owners to understand the requirements and convert them into beautiful user experiences. Experiment and keep the toolchains and frameworks updated and current by recommending tooling updates as well as pitching newer and more efficient technology. Education requirement: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field. Experience: 5+ years of software engineering experience. ONE OF: React, Angular, vue. js (Multiple is an asset) Experience developing UI A self-starter, motivated, and willing to learn A team player who can collaborate within cross-functional teams A good communicator who conveys technical ideas clearly and concisely Strong product sense to balance technical limitations and product requirements to develop quality experience for users HTML Javascript CSS Any backend experiences even if you are not a full-stack developer 
ScrapedJobID618:
Design, implement & maintain database schemas and business logic to meet application requirements Create services and expose them through REST & SOAP APIs for integration with web applications and 3rd parties Integrate application code with AWS serverless infrastructure and front-end web applications Deploy, monitor, test and debug SaaS application code Deliver high-quality work within tight deadlines Diagnose and solve problems quickly and effectively as they arise Work in a team environment on concurrent projects Progress OpenEdge v9 – v12 (especially procedural and OOP parts of ABL 4GL) AWS Serverless architectures: RDS PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Lambda functions, FarGate, SNS, SQS Web services and REST APIs ETL, Data Warehousing and white label reporting systems Bitbucket, Git or similar code repositories Have excellent written and oral communications skills Be intrinsically motivated and an eager learner with a strong desire for self-improvement Be adaptable to changing business requirements Have excellent interpersonal skills and a demonstrated ability to work in a positive and collaborative manner with diverse co-workers Contribute to objective evaluations of new tools, processes, techniques and technologies to improve and accelerate our software delivery 
ScrapedJobID619:
2+ years of experience in the software development industry, both participating in and leading efforts spanning the full software development lifecycle, from design to production deployment You should have an interest in working with emerging technologies like web components, JavaScript modules, service workers, and TypeScript Progressive Web Apps You should have experience building websites and/or applications using HTML5, CSS (including pre-processors such as Less/Sass/Stylus), and strong understanding of native JavaScript. You have experience doing test-driven development and know how to write well-tested code Experience with modern development methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, XP, etc.) You have a passion for design. You may or may not be classically trained but you've got proven experience, talent, and keen interest in designing great user experiences. You leverage a wide range of visual design principles and skills to create themes and interfaces that are attractive, engaging and professional. Develop, maintain and improve our UI component libraries that are the building blocks for all web development at Arctic Wolf Help design and develop the Arctic Wolf Design System: A UX Platform for web development at Arctic Wolf. Design and implement the visual design aesthetic, interaction design system, and front-end processes and app architecture for Arctic Wolf. Work on a hybrid team where you support the UI Development efforts of R&D teams alongside a close collaborative relationship with UX Designers on the team. Write production code with a focus on the user's experience. You craft interaction patterns that are reusable, inclusive, and performant. Create a set of common functions and hooks to enable the sharing of reusable code Be a champion for Accessibility and implement interfaces that everybody enjoys regardless of what input device they use. Create comprehensive documentation that is clear and concise for developers to consume and easy for designers to update and improve over time. 
ScrapedJobID620:
Architect and program efficient and scalable webapps that help bring the latest research to production. Work closely with applied scientists and engineers to execute ambitious projects. Work on a variety of projects from to visualizations, data analysis tools, to customer facing webapps. Ability to run with a project end to end with minimal supervision. Bachelor’s in computer science or Software Engineering. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field. 4+ years of experience coding in Python, JavaScript or Typescript 3+ years of industry experience coding in HTML/CSS, JavaScript or Typescript Hands on experience with React Experience or interest in natural language understanding/generation. Experience with bot development Industry experience with React strongly preffered 
ScrapedJobID621:
Gather requirements for business and technical needs, and formulate and document solutions to those needs. Review solutions with subject matter experts, technology specialists, and architects. Design, develop, test, and deploy based on solution documents. Manages software assets (Github, Bitbucket, documents). Keep systems under care up to date by performing enhancements, upgrades, and patches. Supports the operation to keep systems in good running condition. Trouble-shoots, recovers, and resolves issues and incidents in a timely manner of systems and apps under care, with third party support when necessary. Plans and executes projects, including working in cooperation with consultants and contracts to ensure deliverables are met. Participates in EOIs, RFPs, and RFQs. Researches, investigates, installs, and develops new systems/technologies for implementation at the City. Participate in solution selection and evaluation based on the City’s business and technical needs. Provide web statistics and reports. In collaboration with the Website co-ordinator, provide support and training for users. In collaboration with the Website co-ordinator, participate in the design of Internet and Intranet websites, and assist with website administration tasks, including editing photo images and graphics, enforcing templates and protocols, creating and editing content, uploading multimedia, managing user and group access to Internet and Intranet software. In-depth knowledge of agile methodology, software development lifecycle, and the tool chains supporting them. In-depth knowledge of front-end web technologies HTML5, CSS3, Javascript preferably ES6. In-depth knowledge of Node.js. In-depth knowledge of one or several front-end UI packages such as React.js, ASP.NET, etc. In-depth knowledge of one or several front-end UI library such as Foundation, Bootstrap, Material-UI. Knowledge of SOAP and REST service hosting and consumption. Knowledge of Microsoft .NET 4 and Visual Studio. Knowledge of iOS development and Android development. Knowledge of the Java language is considered an asset. Knowledge of the Hapi.js framework is considered an asset. Ability to use and administer Windows Server and RHEL Linux 6/7. Knowledge of integrating with Oracle and MSSQL databases through .NET and Node.js. Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment tools such as Jenkins, Jira, Ansible, gulp, Maven, and msbuild. Knowledge of one or several Performance test tools such as Grinder and JMeter are considered assets. Knowledge of source code version control (branching, tagging) and tools (Git). Knowledge of centralized Identity Access Management systems is considered an asset. Knowledge of Active Network CMS, Intranet Connections, Webtrends, SiteImprove, ElasticSearch, TIBCO BW are considered assets. 
ScrapedJobID622:
Procedural Graph Visual Scripting Unity Package Manager, Distribution and Licensing Core Third Parties Unity Developer Generalist and more! Duration: 15 or 16 weeks depending on your academic calendar Mentorship: You'll be working simultaneously with a manager and a mentor to help you develop your skills throughout your internship. Impact: Our interns are working right alongside full time team members on projects that have a lasting impact on our product and services. Networking & Development: Learning activities, networking opportunities, and social events take place throughout the summer to enrich your internship experience. Current students pursuing a relevant degree, returning to their degree program for at least one semester, and graduating in December 2022 or in the year 2023. Enrolled at a University in the country of work, or a student who is a Canadian citizen or permanent resident in Canada. Programming experience in at least one relevant programming language (past internship, academic or personal project, research project). Strong communication and interpersonal skills, both in person and via digital means with the ability to work in a team environment A passion for games, for 3D interactive experiences and simulations, for augmented and virtual reality Any experience with Unity or other 3D game engines - even if it was only a weekend project! Experience with deploying software to production for real users Procedural Graph Visual Scripting Unity Package Manager, Distribution and Licensing Core Third Parties Développement Unity (demos) et plus! Durée : 15 ou 16 semaines, selon votre calendrier scolaire Mentorat : Vous travaillerez simultanément avec un gestionnaire et un mentor pour vous aider à développer vos compétences tout au long de votre stage. Impact : Nos stagiaires travaillent aux côtés de membres d'équipe à temps plein sur des projets qui ont un impact durable sur nos produits et services. Réseautage et perfectionnement : Des activités d'apprentissage, des occasions de réseautage et des activités sociales ont lieu tout au long de l'été pour enrichir votre expérience de stage. Étudiant.e inscrit.e dans une programme pertinent, retournant à son programme d'études pendant au moins un semestre, et qui terminera ses études soit en décembre 2022 ou en 2023. Être inscrit.e dans une université du pays de travail, ou être un.e étudiant.e qui a sa citoyenneté ou sa résidence permantent du Canada. Expérience en programmation pertinente en regard du poste (stage antérieur, projet académique ou personnel, projet de recherche). Excellentes qualités communicationnelles et relationnelles, en personne et virtuellement, et capacité à travailler en équipe. Une passion pour les jeux vidéo, les expériences et simulations 3D interactives, la réalité virtuelle ou augmentée Expérience d'utilisation de Unity ou d'autres moteurs de jeu 3D - même si ce n'était qu'un projet de week-end! Expérience en déploiement de logiciels en production pour des utilisateurs réels 
ScrapedJobID623:
Developing robust and user-friendly PHP a core requirement. Server development of MySQL and/or SQL. Creating site layout/user interface from provided design concepts using standard HTML/CSS/JavaScript practices’. Creating placement and layout of website pages provided by the design team. Designing and creating relational database schemas. Gathering specifications/requirements as needed. Conducting routine daily maintenance of existing sites and applications. Assisting in gathering requirements and project specifications. Taking ownership of daily project needs and communications. Communicating project status and deliverables with managers. Managing project tasks, timelines, and communication. Performing routine site maintenance as needed. 5 years of rapid web development using HTML, JavaScript, CSS, PHP and MySQL. Knowledge of Restful API’s using JSON, Postman, Grunt, Backbone, C# and Django, Laravel Framework PHP framework or similar – experience with ASP.NET (Core & Framework) and SQL Server would be a bonus. Knowledge of eCommerce platforms like Magneto, KIBO or similar would be an asset. Ability to communicate directly with peers, managers, and clients when required. Strong organizational skills to manage multiple timelines and complete tasks quickly within the constraints of clients’ timelines and budgets. Awareness of and pride in 100% client satisfaction. 
ScrapedJobID624:
Developing web and mobile applications using JavaScript frameworks like React, Angular, Vue, etc. Setting up back-end services using cloud services like AWS, Azure, or GCP Testing and debugging application, and documenting software Experience with interfacing software with Bluetooth, WiFi or mesh networking devices Familiarity with Python programming Experience working with prototyping hardware like the Raspberry Pi and/or working with Linux Familiarity with desktop application development Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID625:
Work with UI/UX designers to ensure technical feasibility of their designs Develop new user-facing responsive features Provided material feedback & mentorship to Junior Developers Helps to establish/maintain coding and development standards for their teams Provide direction and collaborate with back-end developers to produce integrated solutions Optimize front end applications for maximum speed & performance Build reusable code and libraries for future use and follow emerging technologies Create quality mock-ups and prototypes for testing Supports research and development of development frameworks, and definition of standards. Implements and supports initiatives as required to deliver business objectives. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders and ensures alignment. Monitors and tracks performance and address any issues. Reviews the work of other team members as required. Provides input into the planning and implementation of operational programs. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Deep expertise in modern JavaScript / TypeScript / ES6+ Angular, Lifecycle & CLI NgRx & reactive programming Security best-practices Frontend Performance and Bundle Budgeting Mobile Web, Hybrid applications and PWAs Clean code Test-driven development & experience with Jest Refactoring expertise Advanced Git usage Agile project experience & delivery Ionic Framework experience is a plus 
ScrapedJobID626:
WORK REMOTELY Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5) Team spirit Good problem-solving skills Bonus pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift What is your status of stay in Canada ? Expected Salary in CAD/year ? Python: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID627:
A C-Suite with strong technical backgrounds and plenty of mentorship capacity A fully-equipped home office setup Equity in the company Free subscriptions to countless certification programs Pioneering tech for a problem the market hasn’t addressed Tuan Bui, Software Engineer Lead the team on excellent operational reliability and security practices. Shape and model excellent software practices for other engineers and team members. Design and deliver on multi-week projects for our core product. Collaborate with customers and other stakeholders. Learn what it takes to build a secure and reliable enterprise financial data services platform. Help guide product architecture and take ownership of significant technical problems. You have 10+ years of experience building and operating software in production. You have great experience with automation tools, infrastructure-as-code (Terraform, GitHub actions, etc). You have a genuine interest in the business and the customers we're trying to serve. You want to share your knowledge by collaborating and mentoring others. You are excited about joining a startup seeking to make a big impact in the financial industry. 
ScrapedJobID628:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms. 5 years of experience testing and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture. Experience with software architecture. Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projects. Experience with full stack and/or front-end software engineering. Define and grow the backend infrastructure that ensures developers can easily build high quality games on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Identify and build tools, libraries, services, and platforms. Work with other Stadia teams on impactful projects to make developers productive on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Be a technical mentor, thought leader, and a pioneer of best practices. Architect, design, and oversee implementation including code reviews, and provide technical decisions and insights for the infrastructure and tooling, while setting milestones and priorities for a team of developers. 
ScrapedJobID629:
Be a source of expertise on Adobe Experience Manager and related Adobe products Develop and maintain Java services within the OSGi platform (Apache Felix) Manage the integration points between AEM and other services & systems Assist in architecture design and implementation plans for AEM projects Troubleshoot issues that arise on the BMWUSA platform Participate in team activities including providing mentorship and performing code reviews Manage and maintain the content deployment workflows in the CMS Provide CMS administration and build support to the BMW team Help to define and rollout development standards and documentation for AEM Experience developing within CMS platforms, preferably Adobe Experience Manager 6.4 or newer. 5+ years experience in Java development or equivalent Experience working as part of an enterprise-grade development project Creative problem solving and troubleshooting in large-scale systems Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail and the ability to multi-task Excellent communication skills and a strong team contributor Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly Experience using the Atlassian stack and Slack Working knowledge of Node.js, ES6, HTML, and CSS Experience working with Spring Boot or similar, especially for web services Experience with performance optimization techniques Experience with the principles of Inclusive Design, Accessibility, WCAG guidelines Experience using and configuring build automation tools (Maven, Jenkins, etc.) Knowledge of HTTP protocol, UNIX shell scripting, and networking 
ScrapedJobID630:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Building UI tooling to assist partner teams in Strats, Trading and Sales to navigate the wealth of data available at the Firm Contribute to ongoing development and implementation of the Business Data Strategy, including: Industrial data quality monitoring framework, allowing strats to define data quality metrics for ensuring accurate data Streamlining workflow of curating datasets from prototypes to prod application usage to better take advantage of Competitive compensation and benefits package Full health insurance coverage Professional training, certifications Mobility A variety of corporate activities Flexibility in working hours Take ownership of the technology platforms Drive the modernization and agile agenda Collaborate and understand the needs and problems of our business lines Provide support for Strats, traders and salespeople with application questions and issues Design & develop innovative, reliable solutions using latest technology architecture Problem solving mindset Creativity (thinking outside the box) Integrity Interest in fintech Main technologies: Angular, React, Python, Java, multi-threading, Database technologies Come from any industry to bring in different ideas to solve business problems Ability to collaborate and work as a cohesive team to create something amazing! Front end development such as Angular, React Server-side languages such as Python, Java and Scala Agile/iterative approach for software delivery Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID631:

ScrapedJobID632:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience is required. Minimum one year of experience as a web developer is required. Good knowledge of English Language. Solid knowledge of programming applications. Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, JQuery and MySQL. Dedicated team player, Organized, Initiative, Dependability. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. Able to solve complex problems. Excellent written and oral communication and Effective interpersonal skills. Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements, Prepare mock-ups and storyboards, Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements, Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website, Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software, Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products, Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity, Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code, Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID633:
Write, document, and maintain code Work with team members to review/analyze software requirements and functional specifications, evaluate technologies, and create implementation plans Work with the support team and customers as part of the product development lifecycle Validate and troubleshoot technical issues, both within the application code and outside of it Perform functional and regression testing, both manually and using automation tools, in multiple environments Participate in special projects and perform other duties as required Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in software development Extensive experience designing and implement UI designs across a multitude of web platforms (desktop, tablet, mobile) and browsers Experience with UI design HTML5 and related technologies (CSS, Javascript APIs) Cross platform JavaScript (ECMAScript current and ES.Next. JavaScript Design Patterns) Front-end JavaScript frameworks and libraries (Vue.js) Familiarity with build tools (Gulp, Webpack, Grunt, or like tools) Troubleshooting and analysis skills; Familiarity with QA tooling (Selenium, Jasmine, or like tools) Ability to work with server side programming stacks (LAMP, GoLang) Experience with working with data stores (SQL and noSQL) Familiarity with server side Linux, docker, as well as Apache or the like Proficient with Git or a similar source version control system Excellent communication (verbal and written), planning and time-management skills 
ScrapedJobID634:
Create well-designed and reusable code with strong problem-solving skills while following established corporate standards and requirements documentation. Coordinate with colleagues to ensure the website's performance and design are maintained effectively to satisfy the internal and external needs. Review requirements documentation and provide feedback. Identify and help facilitate the resolution of design issues. Continuous learning & development. Publish materials to various online tools (e.g., Discovery Tool, Help, etc.). Propose appropriate and creative solutions to problems discovered during development. Other duties as assigned. Portfolio of previous work samples Minimum of College Diploma in Computer Science, Web Development, Digital Design, or related discipline. Minimum of 2 years’ experience in web programming, front-end development, or similar role Previous experience in visual/graphics design and/or E-Learning is a great plus. Good intuition for modern website design/layouts and the ability to implement them. Ability to interpret complex requests and implement them based on an aggressive timeline Familiarity with HTML, CSS, PHP, and JavaScript Adequate knowledge of relational database systems and web application development Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Working experience with WordPress and Adobe Suite Ability to work on multiple tasks independently with little direction Proficiency with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Publisher Experience with development work in Java is a plus. Familiarity with E-Learning authoring applications (Storyline, Captivate, Lectora, etc.) and LMS is a great asset. 
ScrapedJobID635:
Debug, build, and deploy GasBuddy.com and relevant web projects Collaborate and maintain a high standard of communication with team members, designers, product managers to provide end-to-end solutions Develop in a full-stack software system which includes web applications, REST APIs, and microservices Encourage and uphold best practices for web development, including (but not limited to) writing clean and performant code, developing responsive code, and applying accessibility standards Implement practical solutions for large-scale problems as well as everyday quality of life issues Write integration tests for newly implemented code to maintain product integrity Create and review pull requests on a daily basis BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent professional experience 2+ years experience building web applications using React including (but not limited to) personal side projects, school projects, and more Ability to interact with peers, both locally and remote, in a positive, confident, and professional manner Excellent communication skills to deliver verbal and written information for both technical and non-technical users Ability to work effectively both autonomously and while on a team in a fast-paced work environment Strong knowledge of modern frontend JavaScript frameworks, for example: React, Angular, Ember, or Backbone Experience working with Node.js, RESTful services, and building microservices Strong knowledge of Web UI and UX design principles, programming patterns, and best practices Understanding of SEO methodologies Experience with agile methodologies Proficiency with accessibility standards 
ScrapedJobID636:
Use modern cross-browser HTML5 / CSS3 (SCSS) / Javascript (ES6) and Responsive Web Design principles. Understands the importance of web performance, conversion rates, and user experience. Responsible for semantic markup and scalable, optimized, and maintainable front end architecture. Knowledge of accessibility standards including WCAG 2.0 (A/AA), AODA, SEO, and cross browser and device testing solutions. Awareness of the most established libraries, their ecosystems and how to use them in projects. Production of clean, structured, documented, efficient, error-free, and concise code. Participate in peer code review and provide constructive feedback and support to peer developers. Seeks feedback from subject matter experts during planning, development, and code review, including peer developers and development directors. Responsible for using and understanding modern development tools including, but not limited to: PhpStorm, git, Gitlab CI, Sass, NodeJS, npm, Yarn, Gulp, etc. Accurately track time spent on tasks through the use of detailed time log descriptions. Advanced HTML5 and CSS3 knowledge LAMP, LNMP Stacks (Linux(Ubuntu), Apache/Nginx, MySQL, PHP) Git Source Control and best practices PHP 5/7, OOP, MVC, XML/XSLT, REST Object-oriented JavaScript (AJAX, jQuery, NodeJS, JSON, Angular, React, Vue.js etc.) MySQL databases, data modeling/design technique and database tuning PHP Frameworks: Zend, Symfony Front-end Build Tools: yarn, sass, gulp, webpack, babel, etc Front-end Frameworks: Bootstrap, Foundation Other web languages, such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby, etc. are considered an asset Cloud Providers: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Azure 
ScrapedJobID637:
Develop detailed specification documents with clear project deliverables and Design and develop web applications that are highly interactive and graphical. This Support, fix, maintain, and improve existing software/functionalities; Develop new applications for new projects; Design and perform system testing and validation procedures; Create the appropriate documentation for software, systems, and processes. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or relevant field; Minimum 10 years’ experience in software development. Candidate MUST have Experience working on a variety of software development projects; MUST be fluent in English, both oral and written as there will be lots of interactions Autonomous, self-managed with the ability to work remotely with minimal Fast learner, able to grasp new concepts quickly; Interest in working in a fast-paced environment and under pressure; Great team player that likes to work with teammates/co-workers abroad. Node.js Nuxt.js Linux, bash Vue.js REST/RESTful MongoDB JavaScript HTML, CSS, SASS OpenAPI, Express Docker (Kubernetes or Swarm) 
ScrapedJobID638:
You will work on web, tablet and phone app features and bugs in React and WebView using Typescript You will be involved in web & mobile team innovation and architecture meetings You will work closely with our UX team to develop mobile features that are technologically sound and aesthetically impressive Provide guidance, code reviews, and peer design sessions as we grow our system You are a huge team player, support others and work with Bluescape members in the mobile team, and other teams. We pride ourselves in our extremely positive and constructive teamwork, culture and fun spirit. 5+ years' experience in developing front-end React apps with Typescript Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience working with a team building large/enterprise level applications Experience with iOS and Android development and devices Experience implementing pixel perfect UIs from Design Specs such as Zeplin Knowledge of how to create highly optimized, performance tuned mobile client applications Understanding of advanced Javascript and Typescript concepts Ability to write well-documented, clean Javascript and Typescript code Experience of integrating REST-APIs for in-app functionality Ability to mentor team members and enforce best practices Ability to implement third party libraries into an existing codebase Experience with automated testing suites, such as Jest, Detox Can unit test to perfection Can handle exceptions Excellent debugging skills and problem solving Knowledge of Source code repository including Git, Bitbucket, Mercurial or anything similar Experience with CI/CD using Fastlane or other 5+ years' experience in Mobile Development (React Native, IOS, Android) Experience with WEBGL Expertise with IOS OS versions and Android OS versions and their intricacies Familiarity with native build tools, like Xcode, Android Studio Experience with real-time communications frameworks like WebRTC, WebSockets etc Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Retirement benefits Employee Assistance Program Healthy Living Rewards Program Generous Time Off Allowance Volunteering Time Off Education Assistance Program 
ScrapedJobID639:

ScrapedJobID640:
Develop, and test UI for web applications Build reusable code and libraries for future use Speak up when something can be done better Be a partner to ensure the technical feasibility of UX designs 2+ years of experience building responsive web interfaces that are mobile-ready using JS frameworks. At least 1 year experience shipping sites with React Can spot misaligned pixels/components a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Familiarity with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID641:
Employee assistance program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) UX: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID642:
Proficient with Angular, Typescript, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Knowledge of Spring framework, Java, REST APIs and HTTP methods preferred BS or equivalent degree in computer science, engineering or related technology field. Ability to effectively understand and communicate technical concepts both written and verbally. Comfortable working with CSS Pre-processors. Fulfill requirements necessary to obtain full background check. 
ScrapedJobID643:
Perform module programming according to established standards and ensure that the development is well integrated into the existing system; Define the technical specifications of the program: data structure, communication between modules, etc; Design and develop a fluid user experience; Design and implement solutions to prevent software failures while perfecting applications; Leverage pre-existing component libraries and create custom components where required; Test implementations in collaboration with QA and support dev team member code reviews; Use programming techniques to ensure a stable environment, the quality, effectiveness and relevance of all code; Foresee and document UI technical debt; Support accessibility and internationalization efforts across the webapp; Populate the backlog with pertinent next steps and decompose, prioritize and sequence task in planning sessions in collaboration with the team. Undergraduate in Computer Science + 3 years of professional experience in front-end and web development Tech languages needed: front-end framework (at least one amongst: Vue.js, React, ou Angular), Node.js, HTML, CSS, SCSS, GraphQL, JavaScript et TypeScript (being open to learning various languages is a prerequisite) Soft-skills: teamwork, collaboration, rigor, methodology, organization and autonomy. Health benefits and dental insurance Phantom Shares Appreciation Rights (PSARs) activated after 1 year of employment A company culture that encourages work-life balance and loves to play Remote and flexible working hours 
ScrapedJobID644:
At least 3 custom Shopify themes in your portfolio (this is a must!) Expert level proficiency with Themekit and other Shopify tools Ability to map storefront needs to Shopify Platform and App capabilities Detailed knowledge of the Shopify App ecosystem Production experience with at least one CSS pre-processor (SASS, LESS, PostCSS, etc) A detailed eye towards creating pixel perfect UI Experience building highly visual, professionally designed, UIs for consumer brands Solid experience with cross-device responsive web development techniques Knowledge of advanced debugging techniques and usage of browser developer tools A solid understanding of JavaScript An understanding of Git and command line tools Custom Shopify App Development Love of Agency life, variety and velocity! Client facing communication, presentation and relationship management skills Project team leadership skills Supervision and mentorship skills for lower level developers Remote position A public GitHub presence and portfolio samples will go a long way Please be prepared to provide code samples during the screening process Send resume and cover letter 
ScrapedJobID645:
Translate application requirements and use cases into functional applications Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code Provide tier-3 support to services team when required. Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Specific proficiency in:
C#, MVC 4+, Visual Studio
Entity Framework
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming
Relational database experience (MSSQL, MySQL) a PLUS
Skill for writing reusable libraries
Strong code debugging skills
PHP
Amazon Web Services AWS
Standalone web server (Apache) C#, MVC 4+, Visual Studio Entity Framework Solid understanding of object-oriented programming Relational database experience (MSSQL, MySQL) a PLUS Skill for writing reusable libraries Strong code debugging skills PHP Amazon Web Services AWS Standalone web server (Apache) 2+ years experience of demonstrable relevant experience Proven hands-on Software Development experience including a working experience in C# web development Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns. Computer Science degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID646:
We have a 35.5 working hour week, each Friday we finish early so you can make the most of your weekend! Opportunity for international travel Health benefits Personal learning and development plan. Our ethos is learning - invest in your development. Structured review process: We believe it is important to get feedback, discuss your career and progression on a regular basis. Pension contributions 15 days paid holiday plus public holidays 
ScrapedJobID647:
From concept to deployment, drive the end-to-end lifecycle of new features in Crescendo’s platforms Contribute to technical decision-making Grow - at Crescendo we believe in continuous improvement, and you’ll be able to use your annual learning budget to develop your skills with courses and conferences 5+ years of experience in the Software industry 2+ years of experience working on SaaS or software products You’re comfortable picking up new stacks and choosing the right tool to get the job done. Even better, you’re comfortable with not just one but several technologies from our stack: primarily Node, and Go and Python are a plus Recent hands-on experience coding and reviewing code, and designing systems and APIs. Demonstrated experience architecting secure, reliable systems to power innovative in-app experiences at scale. Managed technical debt and feature development to continuously deliver user value without compromising technical quality Web experience with Progressive Web Apps including React and Typescript You've got experience working with AWS and Kafka or RabbitMQ You’ve got experience working with GraphQL, MongoDB, Postgres and Redis You’ve got experience with modern development technologies (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, etc) You take ownership and feel responsible for the product as a whole. You don’t mind getting your hands dirty, and work with legacy code You’ve got experience guiding a team through successful architectural and/or technical decisions. You can show us how you made an impact beyond a team or departmental level. You’re adaptable - you have experience working on a dynamic product that is ever-changing and evolving rapidly You’re a leader and have educated teammates about best practices and principles, especially with regard to coding You’re accomplished in your field and have practical experience with a variety of technologies You have experience guiding a team through successful architectural and technical decisions You always write unit and integration tests, and understand that we are only as strong as our weakest link You show maturity in tradeoffs, make sound decisions, and plan well 
ScrapedJobID648:
4+ years of experience as a Back End Developer Comfortable with back end technologies (language and framework non-specific) Must have experience using APIs to build distributed cloud applications Profound understanding of distributed cloud systems architecture and relevant technologies Strong understanding of non-relational databases such as MongoDB and in-memory stores such as Redis Lead back-end architectural white-board sessions with the team. Execute on our ambitious Ada product roadmap through the implementation of features. Provide expertise from past experiences to help level up our current development practices. Review the team’s code, provide insightful feedback, and teach everyone something new. Competitive salary and generous stock option plan Unlimited vacation Wellness account Extended health coverage Dental/optical/travel insurance Life insurance Employee and family assistance plan Flexible work schedule Digital first, fully remote with WFH budget In-house social worker Paid parental leave for Canadian and U.S. residents Development opportunities 
ScrapedJobID649:
Expertise in ASP.net Web Forms and MVC and C# is a must. Must have experience using ADO.NET, Telerik and in-built ASP.net tools, e.g. Grid View, List View and Update Panels etc. Experience using JavaScript for client side tasks, e.g. client side validations etc. Projects are integrated with several 3rd party Softwares, so you must have in-depth knowledge of consuming data provided by RESTful and Web APIs. You must be able to write optimized SQL queries for fast data retrieval. You must be able to produce clean, robust, and accurate code that meets the specification. Ability to analyze problems and identify potential solutions and preventive measures. Strong organizational skills to include multi-tasking and time management skills. 8 hour shift Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) C#: 2 years (required) ASP.NET: 2 years (required) SQL: 2 years (required) CSS: 1 year (preferred) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) JavaScript: 1 year (required) MVC: 1 year (preferred) Web Forms: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID650:
Work closely with designers, product managers, and other architects to develop and validate product requirements, and to convert product requirements to solution architecture Work closely with developers and other architects to convert solution architecture to lower-level architecture Support development teams during development and testing, providing input on design, approach tools, techniques, etc Review development teams' work to ensure conformance with architecture and standards Mentor developers through training sessions, whiteboarding sessions, pair-programming, code review, etc Promote progressive web application principles in design and development Develop core components and contribute to our component library Collaborate with designers to create beautiful and engaging user experiences Improve the architecture of existing applications, covering areas such as quality, scalability, performance, security, usability, and accessibility Develop standards for architecture, development, and testing Develop prototypes and PoCs and participate in developing business cases, for potential future projects or business goals Help enable a positive, supportive, and inclusive team culture Front-end applications written using TypeScript, JavaScript, React, and Redux Back-end applications written using Java, Dropwizard, Spring Boot, and Hibernate Polyglot persistence with MySQL, MongoDB, Redshift, Redshift Spectrum, and Elasticsearch A custom-built OLAP processing engine with custom-built domain-specific languages built using ANTLR A modern AWS cloud infrastructure managed through configuration-as-code and CI/CD pipelines 5+ years of professional experience developing JavaScript-based front-end applications 2+ years of experience with React and Redux A passion for learning and teaching technology A history of demonstrating empathy for customers Experience building rich UI designs with an eye for performance, usability, and accessibility Good knowledge of client side security and best practices Good understanding of algorithms and computational complexity, capable of writing fast, scalable code Experience in an Agile/Scrum/Lean environment, preferably working on cloud-based software Total Rewards: Grow with Vena and celebrate its success with our Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). We look ahead and invest in your future with our Retirement Savings Matching Program. We also provide comprehensive health benefits through our employer group plan effective from day one. Unique Culture: Join us in our ongoing commitment to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Every voice, action and idea matters at Vena. Career Growth: We invest in your job training, professional development and continuing education and offer an Education Subsidy. Pursue your interests and chart your growth towards a new position on your current team or a new one. Vena had 100+ employee promotions and internal moves to new roles in 2020! Executive Leadership: Be inspired by our executive leadership as they lead and motivate our team. Read what employees say about working at Vena!
Glassdoor
Comparably
Indeed Glassdoor Comparably Indeed 
ScrapedJobID651:
Program and Design new features based on Unity for either Mobile or Desktop Perform unit tests and integration tests and debug existing and new features Participate in code reviews Participate in daily Agile scrum meeting Participate in documenting the new features Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent 3+ years experience in software development Experience of Unity Programming skills in C# needed (Javascript, Python, Go or Java is a plus) Experience of UI Front End development Experience of iOS and Android development and deployment Experience of Mac and Windows development Experience of Agile Ways of Working Experience of GIT repository Experience of AR (Augmented Reality) is a plus Experience of HoloLens 2 is considered is a plus Experience working with cloud platforms English required Communicative and a positive attitude towards customers and colleagues Analytical skills, logical reasoning, and excellent problem-solving skills Sense of responsibility, autonomy and resourcefulness Team player, organized and strive for results and quality Creative with ideas to improve the product Ability to coordinate and handle more than one task at the same time Being proactive 
ScrapedJobID652:
Develop new features and maintain existing code. As a Java developer, you will work on a variety of web applications using frameworks such as Java EE, Spring and Apache Commons. Some front-end development, harnessing your skills in HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Co-develop tests for your code with QA engineers. Report to the PingFederate Software Development Manager. Software development experience in Java. Experience with standard development tools, including: IDEs (Eclipse or IntelliJ), source control (Git), build (Maven) and CI tools (Jenkins). Some familiarity with HTTP and REST APIs. Free snacks and drinks. Lots of Ping Identity SWAG. 
ScrapedJobID653:
Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications. Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, reliable code to develop high throughput, performance critical, scalable applications. Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications. Perform Test Driven Development (TDD), take part in peer code reviews, ensuring coding standards are followed, looking for logic errors and other bugs. 2+ years of relevant working experience Solid understanding of object-orientated or functional programming in C#, Java, or Python. Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/CSS, JavaScript, XML, ES6, jQuery) and JavaScript frameworks(e.g. Angular, React, Node.js, Vue.js) and experience with UI/UX designers. Experience with SQL database design, optimization and writing queries. Working knowledge of web services including REST and MVC. Working knowledge with Git and Jira is preferred. Working knowledge of Cloud computing experience with GC, AWS, or Azure is preferred. Bachelor of Computer Science, Electrical/Software Engineering or other related degree. 
ScrapedJobID654:
You will help deliver news, entertainment and sports content to millions of Canadians by building an application that delivers audio and video content through various proprietary and social media platforms. You will collaborate across teams on the planning, architecture, coding, and analysis as you work with other teams in the department and with other parts of the organization to create a robust solution. You will build APIs to enable access to Video-on-Demand services and contribute the UI workflow for end-users. The education and experience. You may have a diploma or degree in Computer Science or a related field but we know not everyone earns their skills the traditional way. You have a few years of professional experience, working primarily with backend technologies including building APIs, and you have a desire to transition to a full-stack role. The tools - and the desire to learn. You are highly proficient with Python/Flask, and have exposure to front end tools such as Javascript/Typescript. Experience on Javascript frameworks such as Vue.js or React is an asset. You are eager to learn new tools specific to video streaming. The communication skills. You thrive in an Agile environment, where collaboration is a priority, and deliverables are met as a team. You know how to listen and relay empathy and understanding for diverse perspectives. Your powers of observation help you understand your audience and communicate with the right level of detail. 
ScrapedJobID655:
Fully responsible of designing, developing web application in Microsoft Azure Participate in product development from ideation to full deployment Work closely with UX & UI designer to assess implementation efforts and influence Translate mockups and wireframe into functioning front end code Design and execute performance tests in a big data context Work with advanced analytics teams to make smarter products Maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of the application Create and maintain documentation for support and future enhancements Configure and deploy serverless cloud platform College degree or higher in web development, computer Science, Computer Engineering Deep knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, javascript, and object oriented programming Experience with in one or more javascript framework (e.g., react, angular, ember), Experience with integration of REST API Knowledge of with node.js and available framework (e.g., Express.js, Meteor.js) Experience with developing mobile application Experience working in AI startup environment or organisations with an agile culture Professional attitude and service orientation; superb team player Good written and verbal communication skills along with strong desire to work in crossfunctional teams Monday to Friday HTML5, CSS3, javascript, and object oriented programming: 10 years (preferred) developing mobile application: 6 years (preferred) javascript framework (e.g., react, angular, ember): 10 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID656:
Employee assistance program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Front-end development: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID657:
Design, implement, and support scalable, fault-tolerant systems Support initiatives to drive the latest best practices in the industry in terms of architecture or technology and assist in setting engineering-wide standards Research and champion new technologies Collaborate with multiple teams to deliver enterprise-grade software and solutions 3+ years in Software Development with Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field Good & robust knowledge around front-end development Knowledge of microservice technologies Proven track record of delivering end-to-end solutions from scratch. Courage to dig-in, refactor code, and explore new technologies You are an expert with following technologies: ReactJS / TypeScript / Javascript JS & Node.JS Frameworks Data Structure / Algorithms Object Oriented Analysis and Design Design Patterns Agile Development methodology MySQL / MongoDB / Cassandra / Redis / Elasticsearch 
ScrapedJobID658:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and mobile development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 years’ as a front end JavaScript developer 2 years’ experience with Typescript, React.js and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience with building mobile apps in React Native Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID659:
5+ years of hands-on software development experience 2+ years of tech lead experience in software development 2+ years of practical knowledge of single page applications (SPA) using Angular framework Strong knowledge of TypeScript or JavaScript Knowledge of the best practices and style of at least one of the front-end frameworks Experience with centralized state management (E.g. NgRx) Good knowledge of HTML 5, and CSS 3 Practical experience with front-end test frameworks (E.g. Jasmine) Experience with a continuous development and delivery model Experience working with REST APIs Familiarity with Agile and Scrum Comfortable working with a distributed team Knowledge of WebGL and Three.js Knowledge about Web Components Familiarity with Secure Software Development practices (SSDL) Basic experience with back-end development Featured in Forbes: How Ethical Is Your AI? Sama Honored on Inc. Magazine’s Annual List of America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies — the Inc. 5000 
ScrapedJobID660:
Flexible vacation days Health and wellness spending accounts Continuing education benefit Flexibility to work from anywhere (we’re currently remote-first, but this applies beyond COVID-19) Front-end development using React, TypeScript and related technologies Back-end development using TypeScript (node.js) Working with postgres Cross-team collaboration with other disciplines Assuring quality of our product through automated testing and monitoring Challenging yourself and the team to experiment with and introduce new and better technologies into the system Participating in iteration planning, testing, bug fixing and deploying releases 2+ years of industry experience with JavaScript development, with at least 1 year of commercial experience. Developing and working with REST APIs. Mobile development experience and experience with Redux or Flux are highly desired. 
ScrapedJobID661:
Lead a small team that is responsible for developing and maintaining build systems and tooling for our front end infrastructure Working with your team on preparing architecture documents for an upcoming projects Facilitating 1:1 meetings with your direct reports to make sure they are supported in their career growth and development goals Working with the developers on your team to break down a project into deliverable chunks of work Reviewing code contributed by members from your team or other Clio developers reaching out to you for your experience with a given technology or pattern Giving great feedback on code reviews, architecture documents, and more to help support team members making great technical decisions for their projects Contributing to or even driving larger changes to processes and workflows within the development organization Communicating and coordinating with our systems engineering and product teams to share new changes rolling out as well as gather insights into what struggles they're having that we can deliver code to help with Experience scaling front-end tooling and build systems for a complex web application Experience with modern web technologies like Angular, React, Hotwire, Vue, Webpack, Snowpack Demonstrated success in people leadership in software development, particularly with large scale SaaS products; Possess a diverse base of knowledge that allows you to help your team solve complex technical problems; Able to describe successful projects you worked on, as well as a collection of lessons learned from failed projects; and Have a demonstrated ability or desire to learn how to hire the best and brightest engineers in a competitive job market—and to coach, develop, and retain engineering talent. A philosophy on what makes for great software development teams; Ideas on how to successfully scale and grow a development organization; and Have a background in hands-on software development using Ruby and Ruby on Rails, specifically with building web applications at scale. 
ScrapedJobID662:
Teach a class of beginners (in collaboration with 1-2 other instructors and the Lead Instructor) with the goal of ensuring they graduate ready for junior level roles in Web Development Act as coach/mentor to students as they work their way through the course Care profoundly about every student's success Present lectures on HTML, CSS, JavaScript, GitHub, NodeJS, EJS, React, MongoDB and more Communicate regularly with the Administration Team and Lead Instructor to provide ongoing updates on the students' process and feedback Follow each student independently and ensure that they develop a mastery of the subject matter Experience teaching (as a TA), coaching, managing or supporting junior staff or managing projects Experience in the field of Web Development, have graduated from a Web Development Bootcamp and/or have an educational background in Web Development Outgoing, personable, friendly and empathetic Comfortable explaining difficult concepts because of your ability to dissect and disseminate them into bite-sized, understandable ideas Well-versed in both front-end and back-end development Strong active listening skills and ability to motivate Ability to help all students equally - both those that are excelling and those who are falling behind, with patience, kindness and empathy Lifelong learner who loves sharing their learnings and experiences with others Loves the idea of helping people lead better lives through education Fixed amount of $17,500 CAD for the entire duration of the contract (divided into monthly instalments) Fully remote work Work with an amazing and fun team Possibility to extend your contract and teach more courses 
ScrapedJobID663:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Visual Basic VB Script JavaScript JSP HTML Python Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID664:
Drive increased awareness, traffic, and visitor engagement by determining and implementing the best web development solutions. Create outstanding user experiences in collaboration with Marketing, Product, and Sales teams. Analyze, select, and implement technology solutions throughout the marketing tech stack to enable experiences using text, audio, video, and interactivity. Maintain awareness of evolving technologies and identify opportunities to implement Coordinate with IT Infrastructure on DevOps systems and processes aimed at high availability, speed, and efficiency. Create, and ensure effectiveness of the requirements development process. Build and grow a global team of developers supporting digital sales and marketing experiences. Technical Architecture, including
Solution architecture of multi-tier applications and integrations
Solution infrastructure, including recommending and validating servers, databases, load balancing, performance, etc.
Maintenance, installation, and configuration of Contentful Solution architecture of multi-tier applications and integrations Solution infrastructure, including recommending and validating servers, databases, load balancing, performance, etc. Maintenance, installation, and configuration of Contentful Solid understanding of Jamstack and microservice-based approaches and technologies Application lifecycle management/DevOps Architecting source control and continuous delivery management Extensive knowledge of
ALM tools
Agile principles
APIs (REST, Headless CMSes)
CDNs
CSS Modules
Node.js Libraries (Next, React, Typescript, etc.) ALM tools Agile principles APIs (REST, Headless CMSes) CDNs CSS Modules Node.js Libraries (Next, React, Typescript, etc.) 8+ years experience, including time in a full stack development role. Please include a portfolio or samples of past work and projects. Understanding of the entire web development process, with an emphasis on full stack development. Experience configuring and administering content management systems especially Contentful. Experience with multi-language sites and global audiences. Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical users. Experience creating a process to gather requirements, document, and confirm observations with business owners. Examples of having translated business requirements into unique technical solutions or applications. Demonstrated ability to lead, coach, and develop a team. Examples of user-centric orientation. International, fast paced and rapidly growing environment Chance to work with the world's biggest brands at the CX tech leader Agile and open-minded culture, with high levels of trust and flexibility Opportunity for professional growth and development Possibility to learn new and cutting edge technologies, in an environment that encourages new ideas Work in an international environment in our new modern offices in Karlín, with our big terrace and our own grill (Covid allowing of course!) Multisport card Home office working There's more as well! Speak with us to find out all details! 
ScrapedJobID665:
Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications, and digital media. Conferring with teams to resolve conflicts, prioritize needs, develop content criteria, or choose solutions. Directing or performing Website updates. Developing or validating test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types. Editing, writing, or designing Website content, and directing team members who produce content. Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups. Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery. Identifying problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing, and correcting or referring problems to appropriate personnel for correction. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements 
ScrapedJobID666:

ScrapedJobID667:
Accurately produce frontend components using creative mock-ups Build PHP components under direction of senior team members Write well designed, testable, and efficient code following software development best practices Content population in a variety of frameworks Interact with various CMS platforms including Drupal and WordPress Communicate with Development and Accounts team members to ensure issues and opportunities are identified Track projects and report bugs using Jira Participate in regular project stand-ups and sprint reviews Other duties as required. Minimum 3 years of experience in web development Post-secondary education in computer science, IT, or a related technical field, or equivalent experience Experience with Drupal, WordPress, or other CMS’s Experience using LAMP-stack technologies Familiar with modern PHP development practices and tools including PHP 7, composer, and packagist Experience creating cross-browser compatible and standards compliant HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Understanding of basic Linux/Unix commands Familiarity with Web infrastructure technologies like SSL and DNS Strong problem-solving skills and a broad knowledge of web development techniques and principles Knowledge of current web trends and standards The ability to work across multiple projects without compromising quality Eagerness to participate in team status meetings and brainstorming sessions The ability to communicate project and task status and any issues to stakeholders Overtime pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID668:
Own the development of Top Hat’s website as well as our other digital properties and experiences Create and optimize web experiences for speed, performance, accessibility, mobile-friendliness, and health scores Collaborate in a dynamic, cross-functional environment with internal-stakeholders across Engineering, Product and DesignIntegrate in-house systems with our suite of automation & analytics tools, including Marketo, Salesforce, Pendo & Google Analytics, and perform automated unit and integration testing when needed QA and test the development of our web pages, funnel pages, and brand assets; including cross-browser, cross-platform, and/or cross-device compatibility Stay up to date with current technologies and trends in web design & development, best practices, design tools, and applications Hands-on experience with responsive design and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, React and JavaScript Strong understanding of web-accessibility standards, UI/UX best-practices, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and benchmarks Experience working with other designers/developers using version control, bug tracking, and productivity apps Have the ability to evaluate the current state of a website and provide recommendations for improvement Be an advocate for a best-in-class user experience A team that cares deeply for customers and for each other Professional learning and development for all role levels The latest and greatest technology to do your job Competitive benefits and health/lifestyle spending accounts We’re currently embracing an engaging, remote-first culture and work experience A management team focused on performance, growth, engagement and connection Our winning strategy and market potential Employee-led, exec sponsored employee resource groups committed to Diversity and Inclusion Passionate customers that believe in us—and what we do 
ScrapedJobID669:
Work on problems with your teams, roll up your sleeves, form an opinion, and advocate for engineering-specific roadmap items. Mentor and lead a small team of developers while also providing growth opportunities. You understand that leadership is a craft, and know how to mentor your team members to help them grow and succeed. Help your team ship exceptional user experiences and establish clear definitions of quality. Build accessible, responsive, performant experiences, and educate teams across UX and Marketing on why this matters. Evaluate and provide supportive and constructive feedback to your reports. Partner closely with content design and marketing design leadership peers to strategize, problem solve, and take our teams to the next level. Proven senior leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allow you to develop and mentor other leads as well as build credibility with your team, while executing broader engineering strategies. Strong communication skills and the ability to influence and advocate for the Frontend Development craft. You feel comfortable diving into the code and interacting with developers at all levels of seniority and have a commitment and drive for quality, technical excellence, and results. Experience building responsive, performant, and accessible web experiences that engage audiences through the use of animation and complex interactions. Working with modern web stacks (transpilers, linters, build and CI tools, etc.). Experience designing and developing APIs, working with Content Management Systems, and Design Systems. A passion for efficiency and collaboration, with a history of establishing great relationships across UX, Engineering, Marketing, Leadership, Product Marketing, Data, and SEO teams distributed across multiple time zones. You are comfortable working with senior stakeholders (Director level and up), both technical and non technical. Has proven experience representing the front end development craft through presentations, workshops and articles. Working in an agency or creative environment delivering large-scale, multi-language websites, microsites, landing pages, and campaigns with complex internationalization and localization requirements. A deep understanding of one or more specific client-side areas like animation, web performance, or accessibility for example. Experimentation and evaluation methodologies to help inform decisions with real-world data. 
ScrapedJobID670:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements. Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions. Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise. Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs. Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness. Develop detailed design of application components, and write maintainable, high quality code in a timely fashion. Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment. Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis. Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development lifecycle standards. Identify functional and technical application enhancements based on client feedback, internal reviews and industry leading practices and help to prioritize, plan, and execute ongoing enhancements for the betterment of the system / product. Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions. Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure. Support in special web development and IT initiatives, as needed: Web User Interface re-design and re-fresh, evaluation and upgrade of server operating systems, hardware, and software requirements, implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components. Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies. Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance. Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure. Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web applications. M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields. Eight or more years of experience in relevant field. Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions. Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions. Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows). Experience with Architecture and Design patterns. Experience with component-based development. Requirements gathering and analysis. Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods. 
ScrapedJobID671:
Work with talented team members on full line of products in the field of UTM Support upper management with high quality deliverables in a timely manner Take part in various software projects with focus on front end developments Help shape the design and development processes of next generation GUIs Software development in Unix/Linux, or mobile environment Experience with C/C++, script programming, such as JavaScript, Python, Perl Understanding of TCP/IP networking and various networking protocols Proven experience and strong knowledge of web application technologies such as CSS, HTML5, ES6, React, Angular Extensive knowledge of user interface design principles and best practices Solid understanding of relational & non-relational database management systems Experience or knowledge of SaaS, cloud computing infrastructure and implementation is a plus Experience with virtualization platforms, such as AWS, KVM, VMWare, is a plus Experience with mobile application development on Android / iOS is a plus Excellent problem solving and trouble shooting skills High motivation to succeed 
ScrapedJobID672:
Expert with PHP, SQL Databases and Apache, Linux JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, & CSS Hands-on experience with content management systems: WordPress, WooCommerce Drupal, or Joomla or PHP Framework Laravel Able to setup a complete development environment (production, staging, dev) Understand domain registration, DNS and SSL encryption Experience with CDN, proxies and implemented caching strategies Implement code and performance optimizations Experience working with third-party API integrations & OAuth for CRM software (e.g. Hubspot and Zoho) Bonus if candidate can code with SEO in mind Able to take ownership of the development, optimization and maintenance of the Accuenergy website Can identify, troubleshoot and solve development issues Able to complete projects fast and error-free Help deliver marketing initiatives to completion Proactively engaging management of issues, timeline status and any associated risks Able to adapt to new roles and responsibilities as needed You can work independently or in a team with minimal supervision Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, web development or related experience PHP: 2.5 years JavaScript: 2.5 years HTML/CSS: 2.5 year Web Development: 2.5 year Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) PHP: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) HTML/CSS: 2 years (preferred) Web Development: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID673:
Care about the quality of your team’s work and their success. Care about the quality of products you are building. Are a natural problem solver with a desire for continual self-improvement. Enjoy solving customer’s problems and delivering solutions that make a difference. Will enjoy the challengs of re-engineering a software product and making significant enhancements along the way. Efficiently write high-quality maintainable CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and C# Work as part of and contribute to the success of an Agile team. Work closely with the Product Management and User Experience Design teams to build pixel perfect, user interfaces and experiences. Build out the front-end foundation of new projects. Maintain new and existing projects. Translate user stories and use-cases into functional code and features. Coach and mentor junior team members. Continually improve skills and expand product domain knowledge. Contribute to the hiring process for new developers. Skilled in ASP.NET MVC, including Razor views. Skilled in JavaScript and jQuery. Significant experience writing JavaScript, CSS, HTML, C#. A drive to learn about more modern front-end frameworks, like Vue, React, and Angular. Extensive experience with browser-based debugging. Experience working with REST / OData APIs, or similar. Experience with user interface design and pixel perfect implementations. Keen attention to detail. You have successful experience working in small development teams, and you have been a solo front-end developer on a project at least once in your career. When it comes to your user interface implementation, you feel that “Good” is not enough. You are incredibly detail oriented, care about quality, and finding the best solution to a problem. You have a high degree of autonomy and drive with a customer-first mentality. You have an inquisitive nature, ask questions, and know when to challenge. You have a demonstrable record of becoming a domain expert for the products you have worked on. Experience working on SaaS products. Experience with task runners, such as Grunt or Gulp. Experience with module bundlers, such as Webpack, Parcel or rollup. Experience with package managers, such as npm or yarn. Experience with unit testing frameworks, such as Mocha, Jasmin or Jest At least 5 years’ of experience working with ASP.NET MVC projects in a front-end dominant position; and, Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field; or, 6+ years’ commercial experience as a front-end developer. 
ScrapedJobID674:
Company events Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Flutter: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID675:
Gathering customer requirements for the new website as well as changes to the existing websites. Plan, strategize and develop the web site hosting and coding architecture. Work on the design and layout for the websites in line with the customer needs. Work and finalize the public cloud vendors in case the hosting environments needs to be moved. Perform the code testing and deployment in sandbox environment before moving to the production environment. Perform online research on the content and the media to be used in website. Test and optimize the security parameters to ensure minimal vulnerabilities. Work and liaison with several other cross functional teams in order to deliver a certain project for the customer in agreed timelines. Mentor and supervise junior staff in the organization on need by basis. Must have a bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar discipline. Experience developing and coding several web sites and internet portals is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID676:

ScrapedJobID677:
Meets with clients to determine project scope and recommends most feasible course of action for development. Advises clients on appropriate multimedia costs, timelines and production process. Coordinates budget and schedule required to complete cost-effective multimedia projects. Completes project on budget and within the timeframe while meeting client’s objectives and expectations. Liaises with team members to coordinate the design, format, and deployment of the multimedia product. Handles storyboarding/wire-framing UI/UX and IA design and development. Writes well-organized and logical code for front-end database and back-end integration. Ensures consistent translation of design to function for web applications, with a focus on usability and adoption. Performs quality assurance and usability testing, troubleshooting and documentation. Develops applications with Institute software infrastructures in mind. Provides ongoing maintenance and support for custom-built applications and systems. Works with team to organize and maintain learning object repository and development servers Researches new and evolving software including testing and prototyping, to determine availability, performance and compatibility with existing equipment for instructional or informational purposes. Formulates recommendations for the implementation of new educational multimedia applications and/or systems to support teaching and learning. Researches, develops, documents and communicates processes and procedures in the areas of educational multimedia development and programming. Advises course developers and instructional designers as to multimedia applications that can be used to solve specific teaching and learning challenges and how to implement them. Recommends Institute standards for educational multimedia programming. Provides up-to-date information and recommendations to facilitate decision-making related to educational multimedia. Participates in Records Custodian training and remains current with record keeping practices, policies and procedures (both BCIT and FOIPOP). Undertakes related duties as assigned, consistent with the job grade of this position. Grade 12, plus completion of a two-year diploma program or equivalent in digital media, web development, computer systems / programming. Two years’ general computer systems experience plus four years’ experience in a similar position, in the development and implementation of educational multimedia within the postsecondary environment. Demonstrated expertise in multimedia applications and proven experience in multimedia development and programming. Experience as a project manager with a proven ability to establish priorities, identify tasks, coordinate the activities of project participants and report on the status of a project. Experience training/mentoring faculty an asset. Portfolio of custom-built web applications or equivalent examples of work required; Examples of applications made for multiple platforms (standalone apps, widgets, mobile, ARNR. .. etc.) an asset. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX, SQL, PHP required. Experience developing for LMS, SCORM, educational software highly preferred. Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, restful APls, API design, version control Graphic and media skills:
Working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch and other design tools.
Basic audio, video editing and formatting knowledge an asset. Working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch and other design tools. Basic audio, video editing and formatting knowledge an asset. Ability to effectively analyze learning situations to identify and solve technology-related. Ability to explain technical decisions to the broader team and project sponsors. Eagerness and aptitude to learn new technologies. Must be a team player, with demonstrated ability to work in the dual role of team participant and team leader. Professional, reliable, with a strong work ethic. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Effective training and presentation skills. Demonstrated ability to train adult learners. Creative and visual thinker; keen eye for layout design, understanding of design principles. Excellent organizational and troubleshooting skills with attention to detail. Customer service orientation in all client interactions (internal and external). Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Eligibility for partial remote work upon Institute approval Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID678:
Gherkin Cucumber TestRail CircleCI BDD TDD TestNG Restful APIs Atlassian suite (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket) SQL 
ScrapedJobID679:
Building responsive front-end websites and applications Design and implement intuitive, secure web interfaces that can scale up appropriately Capture and iterate based on feedback from end users and internal stakeholders Translate business requirements into online experience, working closely with end-users to produce successful production releases Developers are responsible for taking concepts from idea, design, development, QA, release, maintenance, to production and support. 3-5 years experience with web services and web page software development Experience with application layout and mocking up application wireframes Working experience with collaborative developments (Jira) and Git source control (Bitbucket) Hands on coding experience in Front End UI frameworks including JavaScript (React.js & Node.js), Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, Webpack Experience using REST based APIs Experience with testing frameworks Strong understanding of cloud best practices for site performance and optimization Working knowledge with cloud computing platforms and cloud native services (e.g., Amazon AWS, S3, Microsoft Graph, Google App Engine) Company paid medical and dental benefits and wellness plan Company paid cellular phone Company paid continuing professional education and certification maintenance 4 weeks of paid vacation, with 4 weeks of paid vacation after 5 years of service Company team building events every 2 months Competitive compensation with bonus structure Preferable to be located within reasonable travelling distance to the Control Gap office in Mississauga, ON for occasional meeting and team events. Flexible work options, including working from home and in-office workspace 
ScrapedJobID680:
You have at least 5 years of hands-on experience creating public, complex systems using multiple languages. (Change this based on experience requirements) You are proficient in SQL, AngularJS, Node.js, Python, Docker. You know your way around PUG and SCSS. You have experience in developing responsive, interactive websites. You feel at home working in a test-driven, agile team. You have experience in Microsoft Azure Cloud services. You know your limits and how to work on a deadline. You are a problem-solver with an inquisitive and innovative mind. Ability to take on the new challenges ahead together with the growing business. Lead our product development from ideation to deployment and beyond. Maintain and help optimize existing systems. Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Keep in mind security best practices when developing the application Ensure features are stable and functional Strive to use web standards to build solutions using semantic markup, templates (Partials) and SCSS. Always consider the ROI of features you are working on. This includes being aware of the implementation time of certain solutions to a problem. Speak up when there are inefficiencies and present alternative ideas to the team. Be available/on call for any production related issues. Efficiently communicate and co-create with other team members and stakeholders Competitive salary Benefits The opportunity to work with passionate and driven individuals Flexible schedule 
ScrapedJobID681:
gives back to the community has leadership that inspires, coaches and mentors allows you to speak up and be heard AND ... likes to have FUN? Driving the successful execution of the team’s roadmap Technical problem solving and analysis for challenges as they arise Collaborating with Technical Leads to execute the shared technical vision with the entire team Regularly provide technical and personal coaching and regular 1:1s with team members You are the first escalation point for developers regarding: software challenges, process issues, interpersonal issues Creatively solution new features with your team in pair and mob-based environments for our applications Collaborate and coordinates with key project stakeholders to ensure delivery in scope, time, quality and budget Cultivate trust with execs/managers/staff from other Departments through clear proactive planning and communication and accountability to commitments Establish and maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits Assess opportunities for application and process improvement and prepare documentation of rationale to share with team members and other affected parties. Adhere to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related discipline 5 - 7 years software development experience1 - 2 years people management experience Experience in mentoring and coaching others3+ years experience with modern technologies such as React, Swift, and/or Kotlin is a must You are familiar and experienced in Unit and Integration Testing You have experience with Modern Web and Mobile Application architectures You have experience troubleshooting complex technical solutions You embrace TDD and are familiar with CI/CD tools and processes Working and proven knowledge of Object Oriented Programming techniques and design patterns Love building amazing front-end experiences Have a passion for high performance applications Love coaching and mentoring developers Thrive on solving complex technical problems Continuously look for improvement and challenge the status quo Are proactive and shows initiative Value quality in everything you do Aren’t afraid to roll up your sleeves and try something new Remote Work Environment #ChooseOurOwnAdventure . Read more about our remote work environment here! Summer Hours ️ Wellness Program Lunchtime virtual gym sessions? Count me in! Course Reimbursement Program – We want you to keep learning, so we can too! Personal Days in addition to Vacation days An extra day off during the month of your birthday - our gift to you! Open and transparent communication, including bi-weekly All Hands Meetings with our CEO Pelmorex Learning Academy includes offerings like French, Leadership (for people leaders and non-leaders alike), yoga, mindfulness Your mental health is important to us! We partner with Inkblot for virtual counseling sessions Free online doctor visits with Maple Online Healthcare Personal Spending Account - Full-Time employees will receive $500 per year While we encourage 1:1 conversations, we recognize that not everyone is comfortable with speaking up. We have an anonymous reporting platform (Speakfully) to ensure everyone’s voice is heard Weather is inclusive, we will be too. We have an IDEAS (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Awareness, Solidarity) team committed to making this happen! 
ScrapedJobID682:
Proficient in JavaScript, Node.js Poficient in AWS, Databases, Serverless Architecture, version-control, data modelling Familiar with APIs and database integration Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proven experience with full-stack web app development Undergraduate degree required Must be legally able to work in Canada Experience building back-ends for social/messaging platforms Proficient in Python Familiar with Event-Driven Architecture, ETL pipeline Experience working with Gmail and Facebook APIs a must Can work with the front-end developer and quickly adapt to changes Have working knowledge of agile development Open minded, creative, curious and friendly Mentorship Opportunity to build a startup in the early stages Learn from members of the founding team who host a diverse set of skills and experiences in STEM and emerging tech 
ScrapedJobID683:
Disruptive and a naan-traditional mindset An inclusive and dynamic culture Accelerated career progression Commitment to learning and development Opportunity to be impactful Competitive compensation The BI Developer will create automated reporting in all business functions, driving competitive advantage for FGF brands and facilitating faster and better management decisions. The BI Developer will be responsible for developing and maintaining enterprise and department-level data-interfaces and reporting solutions using SAP HANA, SQL / Microsoft Azure suite and other to be determined tools and other data sources / systems as required. Must be able to build and maintain back-end solutions of views/models to be consumed by other BI Developers or business users, as well as customer facing front end reporting models/visualizations. Assist in operational and customer support related to the use of the in-house developed products. Responsible for FGF brands ETP (Extract, Transform, Present) strategy and implementation. Viewed as a technical expert and is critical resource across multiple disciplines. Mentors other team members and application developers on technical solutions. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Relevant Work Experience. 4+ Years of SQL Development Experience. 2+ Years’ experience with BI technologies Expert Technical Ability (HANA Studio, Power BI, Tableau, SAC, Microsoft Apps/Azure Suite, WEBI, SQL, SSAS, SSIS). Strong analytical and problem-solving ability. Hands on experience with SAP system with ability to navigate through SAP (preferably S4Hana). Experience with tabular and multi-dimensional modeling. Balance multiple, competing priorities effectively, track documentation and deliverables in an organized manner. Sound knowledge of traditional as well as agile software development methodologies. Highly effective working in a team, as well as working independently. Ideally knowledge/experience with Python, ABAP, R, Apache Spark, DAX, Azure Databricks, Azure EventHub’s, JSON. English written/spoken required Customer and Product Centricity -You are always keeping our products front and center. Flexibility, Agility, Adaptability- You embrace speed, change and uncertainty. Teamwork and Collaboration -You are a relationship builder. Passion for Excellence -You look for innovative solutions and challenges the status quo. Drives Execution -You are a risk taker! 
ScrapedJobID684:
Candidate must have a strong understanding of UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. Strong front-end scaffolding fundamentals (HTML5/JS/CSS3) Strong ability to convert static designs (PSDs) to functioning interfaces Have two or more years experience in one of the following; Perl, Python, Java, C#, C++, PHP and a desire to learn new things Knowledge of various web frameworks like CodeIgniter, Drupal, jQuery, etc. Experience working with relational databases as well as familiarity with NoSQL and Key-Value stores Knowledge of PHP or at least one other language and web framework Good understanding of HTTP requests/responses Strong communication skills (concise, to the point) Work samples demonstrating clean, documented code Experience building and developing against API services Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, or Ember.js, Angular JS Working knowledge of major CMS platforms (Drupal, Joomla, WordPress, Woocommerce) Deep functional knowledge or hands on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc .) is needed to be successful in this position. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Support TCG’s sales team on project inquirues, creating prototypes and project estimations, providing demos Must be willing to flex work hours accordingly to work with TCG’s and clients timezones 
ScrapedJobID685:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field Strong leadership and mentor abilities Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to pick up new technologies quickly Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Professional experience in CMS and/or web development Professional experience working with Java, C#, or modern front-end frameworks Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (Post-Covid) Passion for what you do Lead a team, ensuring all on your team know what they’re doing and have the resources needed to be successful Manage projects – budgets, estimates, resource management. You’ll have ample opportunity to take ownership. Consult with clients – build relationships, discuss requirements, lend expertise Develop innovative solutions that deliver not only what’s asked for, but goes beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Share your knowledge – be a mentor and/or present lunch and learns to help everyone grow A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) A resume that tells a story. Show us your leadership journey An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, with enterprise grade projects Health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID686:
5+ years of Java development experience. Experience with a variety of Java technologies (Java EE, Spring, etc). Experience with Node.js and other flavours of JavaScript. Experience with Web Services (REST API). Experience with ORACLE and/or other RDBMS. Understanding of No-SQL databases (Mongo). Experience with front-end technologies like HTML and CSS. Experienced in, and well-suited to an Agile development environment. Strong understanding of the software development lifecycle. A natural problem-solver; driven; quick to learn. Positive, collaborative and constructive a true team player. Skilled in Angular. Experience with Solr. Experience with JSON, XML. Experience with GWT or Vaadin. 
ScrapedJobID687:
Should be capable of becoming a technical resource for the team by being able to quickly learn unfamiliar tools and frameworks on the job. Should be capable of vetting and analyzing different libraries, APIs, and problem-solving approaches to create production quality solutions. Should be capable of communicating with technical and non-technical peers. Should be capable of writing documentation to support any code maintenance and technical analysis. Should be flexible enough to work on tasks that may fall outside your comfort zone. Should have good time management skills and be able to work under pressure. Bachelor’s in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Experience writing production quality code in NodeJS with an adherence to the ES6 syntax. Experience with a wide range of SQL and NoSQL DBMS (MySQL, PostgreSQL) with a strong focus in MongoDB. Experience using extensions such as Prettier and ESLint to maintain code quality. Strong knowledge and experience using Git for version control (merging, branching, rebasing, etc). Strong knowledge and experience using the Linux command line and perform scripting work for deployment purposes. Fundamental knowledge of HTTP, HTTPS protocols, fetch API, JavaScript, NPM, Express, JSON. Basic to intermediate knowledge of HTML, CSS and front-end frameworks such as React. Experience with Docker and containerization services. Experience with multiple web development stacks and programming languages (Java, PHP, Ruby, GoLang). Experience solving problems related to Artificial Intelligence and Geo-location. Experience integrating with CRM solutions. Work remotely Competitive Salary Paid Vacation Health and Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID688:

ScrapedJobID689:
Define, consolidate, and steer all IT production indicators Coordinate major production operations like applicative releases, infrastructure changes and disaster recovery tests. Ensure the consistency of production practices & tools across GBIS and animate related communities of practices. Deploy and steer IT Risk Management processes, while respecting policies defined with the operational and cybersecurity risk departments. Manage Transversal Production transformation projects. Collect needs and specify the functionalities to be implemented from end users and Product Owners. Develop the different parts of the application from the user interface to data management. Implement, test and deliver functionalities according to SG standards, Prod Tools defined strategy and following the Continuous Integration process. Provide support on day-to-day operations supporting Defect, Problem, and Crisis processes. Be an active member of the team in terms of decision making and process improvements Contribute to the team continuous improvement through communication, documentation, and automation. Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages. Comply with all Risk and regulatory obligations where relevant Be responsible for acting within agreed risk limit (credit/market, etc...) Be responsiblefor ensuring that you are fully aware of and adhere to internal Policies that relate to you, your business or other businesses for which you have any level of responsibility Be responsible for reading, understanding and complying with the Company's Conduct and Standards and corresponding regulations. You will be notified of changes to policies in a timely manner through announcements and/or intranet updates Front: Angular / React Back-end: Java / Springboot, Python Deployment: Kubernetes/Docker Automation: Jenkins Databases: PostgreSQL Repo: Github Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent At least 5 relevant years as a developer dealing with the team technical stack Excellent interpersonal and rapport building skills, working across multiple stakeholders and functions Must be a self-starter who is comfortable working in a very dynamic environment, with rapidly changing priorities. Rigorous, Dynamic, detail oriented, fast learning capacity and able to work in a high-pressure environment. Analytical and organizational skills. Ability to work in a time sensitive environment and handle and or prioritize multiple urgent tasks simultaneously across multiple time zones. Meeting both technical and consumer needs. Good written and communication skills. Good problem-solving skills. Fluent in English and French Ability and willingness to upskill on new technologies Knowledge on Public Cloud and Azure. Knowledge in AI/ML, automation, and innovation Competitive salary and vacation package Great coverage and Social benefits (2000$ health spending account to get massages or pay other services not covered by our insurance) Personal Spending account (1000$/year), it even works to pay animal day care! Maternity, paternity and adoption leave for all Commitment to putting integrity at the heart of our businesses Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Climate commitment Citizen engagement 
ScrapedJobID690:
A Bachelor’s Degree in IT. At least 7 years of experience in development, integration or architecture using Microsoft .NET framework technologies in a business environment. Good knowledge of the following technologies: Asp .Net Mvc, C#, ADO.Net, IIS, JSON, jQuery, Javascript, TypeScript, REST Api, Git, Entity framework, XML, front-end framework, TDD, Agile methodologies, testing framework. Good knowledge of one or more of the following databases: Oracle, DB2, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLServer, and NoSQL. The market’s most competitive compensation plan. A 35-hour workweek. Fully-paid overtime. A group insurance program, fully paid by the employer. RRSP contributions up to 5%. A minimum of 4 weeks of vacation in addition to two weeks during the Christmas holiday period and two statutory holidays for Easter. A Christmas party and extraordinary corporate activities, such as go-karting, a snowmobile trips, etc. $500 allowance for sports activities to help you stay healthy and in shape. A bonus upon obtaining online certifications according to objectives. A $3000 referral bonus should your candidate be successfully hired. 
ScrapedJobID691:
Generous vacation (unlimited - yes you heard that correctly!) Health benefits plan (a plan to make sure that you and your family are happy and healthy) Flexible work schedule. We understand that you and your family may have a busy schedule. We can accommodate that! Work from anywhere - the beach, a cabin in the woods, anywhere you have an internet connection and can be productive. Equipment to be productive. You'll get a tech equipment allowance to make sure you are happy and efficient! Continuous learning opportunities and support for professional development. We want you to grow with us, and we will do anything we can to help! Create scalable software for delightful user experiences
Create reusable components - Enable other team members to solve problems.
Take a lead on planning - Look at a list of requirements, provide realistic estimates and then work with Technical Project Managers to ensure fully realised tasks are created and ready to be worked on.
Contribute to design - Provide ideas to help designers solve problems and create great user experiences, from a developers perspective.
Co-create our Design System - Work together with the Design Chapter to bring Viamo's Design System to life.
Be accountable to timelines - Make your work estimates visible, understand the impact it has on timelines and communicate with the team so that everyone is up to date on your progress.
Balance quick fixes and long term solutions - Build solutions quickly while making highly informed choices that ensure the success of future development and product vision.
Provide examples - Use consistent coding patterns and implementation ideas to build a familiarity across the team. Create reusable components - Enable other team members to solve problems. Take a lead on planning - Look at a list of requirements, provide realistic estimates and then work with Technical Project Managers to ensure fully realised tasks are created and ready to be worked on. Contribute to design - Provide ideas to help designers solve problems and create great user experiences, from a developers perspective. Co-create our Design System - Work together with the Design Chapter to bring Viamo's Design System to life. Be accountable to timelines - Make your work estimates visible, understand the impact it has on timelines and communicate with the team so that everyone is up to date on your progress. Balance quick fixes and long term solutions - Build solutions quickly while making highly informed choices that ensure the success of future development and product vision. Provide examples - Use consistent coding patterns and implementation ideas to build a familiarity across the team. Teamwork and Chapter membership
Collaborate and contribute - Work across Tech Chapters (QA, Design, Front end, Infrastructure) and take responsibility by showing through example how to unleash others and move the team forward.
Forward thinking - Actively push knowledge sharing forward by leading learning sessions, coordinating processes and actively engaging in chapter membership.
Unblock others - Work with an awareness of the most important tasks to work on now, that will make a difference for the larger team and ask yourself - “What work can I do that will unblock others?”
Provide Support - Take occasional technical support shifts. Collaborate and contribute - Work across Tech Chapters (QA, Design, Front end, Infrastructure) and take responsibility by showing through example how to unleash others and move the team forward. Forward thinking - Actively push knowledge sharing forward by leading learning sessions, coordinating processes and actively engaging in chapter membership. Unblock others - Work with an awareness of the most important tasks to work on now, that will make a difference for the larger team and ask yourself - “What work can I do that will unblock others?” Provide Support - Take occasional technical support shifts. People Management (optional) - If you enjoy dedicating part of your time to invest in others, you can:
Provide encouragement and guidance to team members
Make sure developers have what they need to succeed
Collect and provide feedback through regular 1-on-1s
Conduct Professional Growth Assessments for your team members by soliciting feedback from Viamo colleagues and assisting with individual goal setting
Support team members to build professional development learning plans Provide encouragement and guidance to team members Make sure developers have what they need to succeed Collect and provide feedback through regular 1-on-1s Conduct Professional Growth Assessments for your team members by soliciting feedback from Viamo colleagues and assisting with individual goal setting Support team members to build professional development learning plans Balance Speed and Quality - You strike a balance between working quickly and writing quality code. Balance Quick fixes and long term solutions - build solutions with an awareness that decisions “roughing things in” at an early stage will make it easier for yourself (and others) to pick it up later. This helps the team build incrementally towards a larger vision. Proactive and communicate often - Given a problem, you collaborate with others and then independently create steps that need to be followed, letting others know of the decisions you make along the way. Leveraging the web as a software development platform Fluency in Modern Javascript - TypeScript Experience with Jest, unit testing, TDD Deep knowledge of CSS; SASS + Less Reactive programming paradigms (Vue.js, ReactJs, etc) Deep understanding of RESTful APIs Frontend build systems and transpilers; webpack (laravel-mix), babel, progressive resource chunking Tooling automation and pipelining (docker, jenkins, bitbucket pipelines/github actions) 
ScrapedJobID692:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID693:

ScrapedJobID694:
Abacus Android Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Java JavaScript JSP HTML DHTML CSS J# SASS Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP) Lua Matrix Laboratory (MATLAB) Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) Tool Command Language (TCL) PowerBuilder R Sencha Subversion (SVN) Unix Linux MAC JavaOS Device drivers Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Extranet HTML editing software Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID695:
You are inspiring, creative, flexible and can identify and focus on what’s-important-now. You value collaboration, transparency and have a get-stuff-done mindset. As an individual contributor, you understand the aspects of success in your position, take initiative and lead by example. You work well with others, take pride in a job well done, and understand that in our company we are all accountable to each other. You want to push the envelope, overcoming big challenges in order to create something truly unique. You are a self starter and manage your time effectively. Use your design flair to prototype UI implementations while working with our product designers, then refine your work into its final form to delight our customers Build and add features to both our internally and externally facing SPA web applications Integrate with third party and internal APIs to interface with our own back end processing stack as well as third party services Write and execute unit and integration tests, working with QA to integrate your feature developments in with our DevOps pipeline Implement new UI features for our QT-based mobile app interfaces Change content / design of existing QT-based mobile app interfaces Multiple years of development experience with Angular and/or React Full stack web development experience desired Exposure to the QT development environment desired Experience developing with C++ Mobile development experience Demonstrated experience working collaboratively on cross-functional teams Experience with software development processes including source control, branch management, bug tracking and documentation Experience with complete SLDC; show us what you have shipped! Competitive total compensation package including health benefits Training and personal development support 3 weeks annual vacation plus a few bonus days over the year end holidays During COVID we are generally working from home full time, with lots of Google Hangouts and occasional socially distanced in-person meetings. During non-pandemic times we generally work from home one day per week. Full kitchen stocked with snacks & basic supplies Pet friendly office Exciting startup energy 
ScrapedJobID696:
Minimum 4 years experience in JavaScript development College or University Degree in Computer Science or related field Experience with AngularJS Experience with RESTful APIs and Cloud integrations Experience in browser test automation and performance benchmarking Good social and teamwork skills Positive attitude towards technical challenges Quick learner Ability to think out of the box, with usability in mind Ability to work in a multidisciplinary environment Experience in back-end JavaScript, Node and Web Sockets is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID697:
Work with a combination of C# (Winforms) and modern web technologies to design and develop new user-facing features Produce exemplary code and deliver completed projects on time Create and track project plans and convey status, issues and risks effectively Perform unit and system level testing on your application and all affected systems Work closely with customer-facing technical consultants to ensure that development efforts truly meet customer needs Work closely with technical leads to ensure effective coordination and integration between interrelated projects Play a key role in the development of best practices in software design, implementation, and coding standards Lead and mentor junior engineers Exceptional programming skills and grasp of software engineering principles and UI design patterns (MVVM, MVP, and Flux). Demonstrated success managing development projects end-to-end with significant ownership over technical decision-making. 5+ years developing front end applications using at least one industry-standard language (C#, JavaScript, or TypeScript)and framework (Winforms, WPF, Angular2+, React, or Vue). Experience in C# in developing front end applications. Bachelor’s or advanced certificate in STEM field or equivalent experience. Experience with both desktop AND web technologies a big plus. Experience with using Git version control. Familiarity with SQL and databases. Enterprise software experience or experience with financial software and/or financial trading is a plus. Experience with financial broker/exchange APIs (e.g. price feeds, order execution) a plus. 
ScrapedJobID698:
Joining a close-knit team of developers to work on a cloud-based web application using a modern technology stack (EC2, AWS Lambda, Python, React, TypeScript, MySQL, Docker, GraphQL, Redis, ...) Taking ownership of full-stack feature delivery, from conception and design to coding and deployment Collaborating with your team to solve tough technical and business challenges and write great code in the process Thinking about how to build high-performing, resilient, scalable software with an emphasis on code quality through unit and integration testing Helping to define the infrastructure on which your code runs and support it in production Working with the DevOps team to create tools, alerts, instrumentation and monitoring for the code you write to ensure our applications are up and running smoothly Growing in your career while contributing to Kira’s success in the fast growing EdTech industry and helping us become innovators in this space 2+ years building web applications Degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field Strong desire to learn new languages and technologies Knowledge of Python is nice to have Experience with React or another front-end JavaScript library is nice to have Experience with AWS or cloud technologies is nice to have Must be eligible to work in Canada Company-provided MacBook 4 weeks of annual vacation plus office shut-down between Christmas and New Year’s Annual $1,000 professional development budget Dental and medical benefits package Stock option purchase program Office in downtown Toronto (Yorkville) Annual company retreat Weekly TGIF hang-out every Friday Quarterly company-wide town hall meeting followed by fun activities afterwards Casual dress Company events Dental care Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Web Development: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID699:
Having the ability to provide your own creative input Working with the latest technologies always staying up to date with new trends Seeing your work have an immediate impact on the end-user with our frequent deployments model Working with a team of experienced designers to build custom views and user experiences Ensuring stability, maintainability and expandability of our code base: not just building visually appealing views Dedication: we are dedicated to supporting each other along the way Teamwork: watch what we can accomplish, together Initiative: challenge yourself to take that extra step Quality of work: take pride in what you do Creativity: express yourself Smart Entry System using mobile apps Building access to all major couriers Smart Access Control Parking management Amenity Booking Remote control for property managers Design, write and improve clean front-facing code Develop functional web applications and user-friendly web pages Deploy Single Page Applications (SPA) Write unit-testing code Troubleshoot and debug applications Collaborate with Product Managers, Designers, Developers and Testers Follow emerging technologies Paid healthcare benefits Career development Remote work Flexible working hours Unlimited vacation Unlimited personal days off Stock options plan Front-end development of web-based applications Angular 12 / 13, or any other recent version, Typescript, HTML 5, CSS 3 Entire development process (design, development and deployment) Programming, designing, testing, deploying SPAs Unit-testing with Jasmine 
ScrapedJobID700:
Flexible Work Arrangements COVID-19 Work-from-Home safety response Tuition Reimbursement Annual Wellness Subsidy Summer Hours Program Volunteer Paid Time Off Program AIR MILES Gold® Collector Group RRSPs & Company match Wellness Resources including Cognitive Behavioural Therapy Loyalty Days and Anniversary Air Miles Recognized as Canada’s Top Employer Extensive Learning and Development Tools and Programs Responsible for the design and development of complex software solutions components You will be involved in enhancing our responsive web app, solving interesting problems along the way - real-time content updates, offline content, UI and architecture scaling for performance. Develop moderate complexity to highly complex software solutions in support of business requirements and in accordance with predetermined software solution design standards Responsible for the design, development, test and implementation of web and mobile e-commerce solution components and modules Follow established SDLC processes as well as enterprise policies and guidelines for software development Must have experience ReactJS UI Frameworks and Libraries Comfortable with CSS preprocessor (e.g. Sass) Ability to write modular, clean, robust code Good technical foundation with the ability to learn fast Comfortable with Git for source control Experience working with 3rd party APIs Knowledge of accessibility best practices Knowledge of SEO best practices Experience with test driven development and testing tools Experience with modern tooling systems such as Webpack Desire to learn new technologies while supporting existing codebases Bonus if you know: AWS, AEM, Java Spring, CI/CD knowledge 
ScrapedJobID701:
Updates, maintains, expands, scales and trouble-shoot on existing websites New website and microsite design and development Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Email newsletter design, creation, coding, testing and deployment Sales Centre and Design Studio touch screen application development, maintenance, trouble-shoot Custom lead capture form set-up Google AdWords, Analytics and campaign tracking set-up, review and ongoing maintenance Responsible for staying up to speed on emerging technologies, industry trends and apply new learning to all operations and activities Collaborate with Graphic Designer(s) to match visual design intent Other duties, as assigned Proven working experience in web programming Top notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programs: PHP, ASP.NET, JavaScript Solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Knowledge with Search Engine Optimization process and strategies Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem-solving skills Strong organization skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques Ability to work in a team environment and ability to work independently with little supervision Strong written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID702:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential 5+ years of relevant experience B.Sc. in a computer science/engineering or significant web development experience Development experience in Angular, HTML5, JavaScript/Typescript and CSS required Must be comfortable on the Linux command line, not just Windows development. Confident command of English Strong interpersonal and communication skills Attention to detail Willingness to learn and apply new technologies Development experience using AngularJS or React is highly preferred Development experience in python desired, but other backend development experience is useful Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID703:
Work with the Lead Developer, Designers, Project Managers, Backend Developers, and other stakeholders on developing web3 products, platforms, and tools. Implement User Interfaces and User Experiences that bridge blockchain interactions and engagement. Integrate backends, web2 & web3 stacks, and 3rd party APIs. Perform QA for yourself and peer-reviews, testing for accessibility, aesthetics, usability, API integrations, security, and cross-browser compatibility. Javascript Electron TypeScript Node.js React web3 Ethers Git Clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution 3+ years of experience with React 1+ years of experience integrating wallets (e.g. MetaMask, WalletConnect), cryptocurrencies, blockchains, NFTs A strong intuition to learn further web3 concepts Collaborative energy and ability to work well in teams Strong work ethic and passion Strongly preferred: A portfolio, graphic design experience (e.g. Figma, the GIMP, Photoshop), experience using sockets/WebSockets. Bonus: Experience with other front-end frameworks (e.g. Vue, Angular), queuing (e.g. RabbitMQ, AWS SQS), containers (e.g. Docker), Electron, Jenkins, cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), and previous experience with a web3 team. Highly skilled in learning on the job and continuously learning Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Mature, professional, driven, empathetic. Experience in blockchain or crypto industry Joining a great growth-centric, exciting team culture A chance to make a difference in a growing company Exciting projects and an opportunity to shape our future Competitive compensation and benefits package Flexibility A focus and support on professional development - we value ongoing learning 
ScrapedJobID704:
You will work with cutting-edge web technologies like React, BackboneJS, HTML5, CSS3, LESS, Python You will write JavaScript unit tests You will build responsive web applications for speed and scale You will ensure the technical feasibility of UX/UI designs working actively to influence the same You will help develop specifications for the design and development of User Interface elements for Web, Mobile and Voice Applications You will build applications ensuring that development meets all usability and accessibility requirements and standards 5+ years of front end development experience Built and delivered an app on Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform Expert knowledge of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks (React and/or BackboneJS) Expertise in front-end technologies (HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Design, etc.) Excellent communication and interpersonal skills The opportunity to work with a set of extraordinarily talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support - Splunk flourishes with disruption and diversity A constant stream of new things for you to learn and an opportunity for growth and mentorship. We believe in growing our employees through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation. A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment. 
ScrapedJobID705:
Those users visit over 2 billion pages across our network 3-5 years experience in professional Frontend development Work closely with a collaborative, agile development team Major contributor to a state of the art, single page application using cutting edge build tools Contribute scalable software artifacts that are easy to understand and simple to maintain Debug/resolve HTML/CSS/JavaScript/accessibility/performance issues Actively work to produce responsive lightweight Frontend code Work closely with Product and Design to create the best solutions for our customers Experience working with CSS in the context of large applications Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, and modern JavaScript (ES6/7/8/Next etc.) Experience with any JavaScript framework, such as: Vue.js, BackBone.js, React, Ember.js, AngularJS, Svelte, etc. - we are a Vue shop, but all experiences are welcome! Experience with SCSS, LESS, or other CSS pre-compiler Experience developing for various browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, IE11+) Experience with responsive web development for mobile devices Familiarity with WCAG 2.1 and AODA conformance criteria Experience consuming RESTful APIs and working with HTTP Website / Design portfolio Contributions to open source or personal projects Experience with Java, PHP, Python, Node.js, or other server side languages Some experience using Javascript test suites like Jest, Mocha, Ava, Karma, or Jasmine Some experience with e2e testing frameworks like Cypress Knowledge of modern Javascript build tools like webpack or rollup Knowledge of highly available systems such as Kafka, Storm, Cassandra, HBase, Zookeeper, Hadoop, or Spark Knowledge of Content Delivery Networks Experience in Design or UX Competitive Compensation Comprehensive benefits Professional Development A highly supportive and collaborative Agile team culture Choice of technology: Mac, Linux, PC and Abacus (limited) A collaborative and open workspace Full remote work option 
ScrapedJobID706:
Contribuer au développement d’une interface/expérience utilisateur moderne en utilisant les dernières technologies frontales ; Développer et tester des microservices de haute qualité respectant une architecture infonuagique native ; Participer activement à toutes les activités d’une équipe agile : groupage, planification de sprint, mêlée quotidienne, démos et rétrospectives. Un baccalauréat en informatique, en génie logiciel ou dans un domaine connexe ; De l’expérience en développement frontal dans l’environnement Angular (connaissance d’Angular version 8 ou ultérieure, de préférence Angular 11) ; De l’expérience en développement d’applications utilisant Java (connaissance de Java version 8 ou ultérieure, de préférence Java 11) et des technologies basées sur Java telles que Spring Boot; Des connaissances dans le domaine des technologies d’intégration : REST, JSON, Jenkins, Docker, Helm, Spinnaker, Kubernetes ; De l’expérience dans l’utilisation de Jira, GIT et Gerrit pour le développement de logiciels agiles; D’excellentes aptitudes en communication écrite et verbale ; Une passion pour découvrir de nouvelles technologies et accueillir le changement. Expérience avec la technologie infonuagique native, de préférence l’architecture basée sur des microservices ; Connaissance d’Artifactory, de Gradle et de Maven ; Des connaissances des bases de données Graph (Neo4j). Contribute to the development of a modern UI/UX using the latest front-end technologies Develop and test high quality microservices following a Cloud-Native architecture Be an active participant in all activities of an Agile team: feature grooming, sprint-planning, daily scrum, demos and retrospectives Bachelor's Degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. Experience with front-end development using Angular framework (knowledge of Angular version 8 or later, preferably Angular 11). Experience developing applications using Java (knowledge of Java version 8 or later, preferably Java 11) and Java-based technologies such as Spring Boot Knowledge in integration technologies: REST, JSON, Jenkins, Docker, Helm, Spinnaker, Kubernetes. Experience using Jira, GIT and Gerrit in Agile software development Excellent written and verbal communication skills Passion to learn new technologies and embrace change Cloud native technology experience, preferably Microservice-based architecture Knowledge of Artifactory, Gradle, Maven Knowledge in Graph databases (Neo4j). 
ScrapedJobID707:
Advanced knowledge and Hand on experience with Front End and Angular Framework and Modern JavaScript and SPA Platform (5+ years) Proven track record on developing and Designing complex Angular Application from the scratch Familiarity and experience with best practices of the Front End application design and development, the UI look and feel and Java Script/ Type Script, HTML, CSS, and UI look and Feel. Advanced knowledge of the Back End Development using C# and OOP, and Microsoft Tech Stack, .NET core and Web MVC (7+ years). Deep understanding of Development best practices, Design and Analysis and End to End application development. Hands on experience with WebServices (Rest/SOAP), Cloud Technology and Modern Cloud Application development. Experience with DataBases, Queries and SQL and NoSQL DBs Experience with Microsoft Azure Cloud platform and particularly Serverless Cloud (Azure Functions) and Cosmos DB is a plus. Supervise and lead application development, application, solution architecture and design for cloud applications and their integrations to other systems (SAAS, PAAS, IAAS) Lead Application Design Process design Technical feasibility analysis Knowledge of Agile Methodologies (Scrum) Leadership skills and knowledge of DevOps, GIT and Code reviews 
ScrapedJobID708:
Innovate. Work in a dynamic, cross-functional scrum team and contribute ideas to design and planning discussions. Implement new features and core services in the TopHat platform. Provide solutions to exciting new challenges. Collaborate. Work closely with our design, product, and architecture teams to help bring beautiful, usable, and scalable features to life (Our backend is a REST API built with Django. Our frontend framework is React. Everything runs in a high-availability setup on AWS, with MySQL). Improve. Refactor, optimize and improve the Top Hat platform used by over a million students. Improve application performance and reliability. We are tackling interesting technology challenges such as real-time messaging to thousands of clients with guaranteed delivery in difficult networking environments. The impact you will make extends beyond just the success of the company but the prosperity of the education environment. We work in a collaborative team-oriented atmosphere where our developers can be found “swarming” an issue or pairing up to work on a tricky piece of code. We have a very good business and strong revenue growth. You will be exposed to all aspects of a business past start-up mode and scaling quickly. We’re just the right size. Top Hat isn’t a megacorp nor are we a small ‘cowboy’ shop. We are just the right size for individuals that want stability but don’t want to be a number. We offer mentorship and meaningful work. Leadership opportunities. Whether it’s leading people, products, or projects, our growth translates into new positions for those that are motivated. The right combination of education and experience: a solid understanding of software development either through a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a Technology-related field with 3+ years of experience building software systems. The technical skills, you have comfort with most of the following: Web development technologies and tools Automated unit and integration testing Designing and building scalable, fault-tolerant services A team that cares deeply for customers and for each other Professional learning and development for all role levels The latest and greatest technology to do your job Competitive benefits and health/lifestyle spending accounts We’re currently embracing an engaging, remote-first culture and work experience A management team focused on performance, growth, engagement and connection Our winning strategy and market potential Employee-led, exec sponsored employee resource groups committed to Diversity and Inclusion Passionate customers that believe in us—and what we do 
ScrapedJobID709:
Perform full-stack development from data access and APIs to web applications (both server-side and SPA based) Design, code, and unit test web APIs in C# Design, code, and unit test UI components in ASP.NET Core, JavaScript / TypeScript Investigate and fix bugs Develop and maintain backend data access using Entity Framework Core / SSDT and extending with database stored procedures as necessary Set up and maintain build, packaging, and deployment solutions to support continuous integration and continuous delivery Contribute to the reduction of technical debt by modernizing existing software architecture while respecting the availability of critical business systems Postsecondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years of experience building end-to-end software solutions Proven proficiency developing with the .NET Framework, including Entity Framework (and EFCore), Web API, and MVC Demonstrated proficiency with front-end technologies, such as Javascript / Typescript, SASS / LESS / CSS and SPA frameworks like Angular, React Experience coding data access with SQL Server and other data sources Solid experience with modern source control systems like Git Excellent oral and written communication skills Independent, determined, and driven to succeed .NET Core Azure Services – Storage / Blob, Data / SQL / Cosmos, CI/CD Pipelines, Messaging / Hubs / Queues / Topics Angular 2+ (we are currently at v11+) Service Bus architecture (e.g., MassTransit, RabbitMQ, Azure SB) Dependency Injection, Mocking In response to COVID-19, we’ve been operating in a blended virtual and in-office arrangement. We consider everyone’s situation based on their health and family obligations, the business needs, and Government mandates for working from home. In January, we’re rolling out a hybrid model where you can spend five days each month (or more if you prefer) working in the office, and the rest of your time working from home. When you’re in the office, you can take comfort in knowing that our surroundings are cleaned vigorously every day and there are spacious private cubicles to give us the physical distance to feel comfortable. 
ScrapedJobID710:
Develop the Caredove platform backend infrastructure with clean and maintainable code. Contribute to high level architecture planning, consulting with our internal team on approach, supporting more junior developers Help optimize the infrastructure for better scalability Contribute to application development activities outside of app code, including database modelling, query optimization, and other advanced requirements to ensure high performance Play a key role in the development of our internal API infrastructure Contribute to the development of our public HL7 FHIR API Collaborate with front end developers on module and feature deployment initiatives Stay up to date on latest development technologies and methodologies Help eradicate technical debt to provide a great developer experience Have 5+ years of professional experience in a software development role Deep understanding and experience with PHP and an MVC framework, Laravel is highly preferred Have proven experience in agile methodologies in software development Provide positive energy to encourage other team members to perform at their best Can understand and contribute to technical architecture Have strong communication skills Enjoy a fast paced environment Love what you do and are hungry to learn new skills Are highly motivated and conscientious Speaking and writing French Health sector experience 
ScrapedJobID711:
SFCC web development (client and server-side JS, excluding CSS); Participate in daily project meetings and brainstorming activities; Provide updates to effort estimates and status of assigned tasks; Collaborate with front-end development and QA teams; Write technical documentation; Share ideas to improve procedures, systems and tools. Minimum 3 years of web development practice; At least 2 years of experience with SFCC (not just bug fixing); Knowledge of native JavaScript and OOP; Solid SFCC ecosystem knowledge; Software architecture design: object-oriented and modularity; Experience with complex functional software projects with deep understanding of application logic and dependencies; Technical documentation writing skills; Design patterns knowledge and experience; Experience in refactoring and code review; Understanding of JSON, CSV, XML files formats; Experience in integrations with systems through REST or SOAP; Experience with any VCS (Git is preferred) Experience in performance optimization (server and client); Experience in complex features and integrations; Knowledge of JS build engines (gulp/webpack) and release manager Knowledge of Handlebars or similar template processor. Knowledgebase of the world’s largest ecommerce delivery team; A constant inflow of ecommerce projects with global outreach; Coaching and reviews to support your career development; Extensive technical library; SDLC processes for Agile, Scrum, Waterfall depending on project A network-style culture with geographically distributed teams, easy communications and access to clients; Flexible schedule 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) web development: 3 years (required) Salesforce Commerce Cloud: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID712:
2 ans d’expérience solide en développement logiciel De l'expérience en développement web (C#, ASP.NET Core) Une connaissance du développement Web front-end en utilisant JavaScript ainsi que les frameworks front-end modernes tels que Angular, React ou Vue.js La conception et le développement de solutions orientées objet n'ont plus de secret pour toi Connaissance et compréhension solides des systèmes de bases de données relationnelles et du langage SQL Un horaire flexible de 37,5h/semaine La possibilité de travailler dans le confort de ta maison, quand le projet le permet évidemment (en télétravail à 100% jusqu’à nouvel ordre, et en moyenne à 50% après la pandémie) Un régime de retraite et un programme d’assurances complet Des congés supplémentaires à Noël! Un stationnement gratuit Événements sociaux. Que dirais-tu de tir à l'arc, de lancer de la hache, ou de jeux vidéo en équipe en télétravail? Et bien plus! A solid 2 years of experience in software development To have enjoyed some experience in web development (C#, ASP.NET Core) To have a knowledge of front-end web development which include but aren’t limited to HTML5, CSS and JavaScript languages or JavaScript framework like Angular, React or Vue.JS Designing and Developing object-oriented solutions hold no secrets for you as you’ve been there and done that Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL language A flexible 37.5 hours/week schedule Ability to work in your comfy clothes from home, well, when the project allows for it of course (working 100% remotely until further notice, and an average of 50% after the pandemic) A comprehensive group insurance plan and retirement savings plan Extra days off at Christmas! Free parking Fun social events. Archery anyone? Or when working remotely, playing video games as a team? And much more! 
ScrapedJobID713:
NodeJS/Javascript Experience with React (React Native an asset) Supported and built applications beyond the prototype stage Ability to flow chart and design architectures Ability to troubleshoot Git and source code management required skills and knowledge English and Chinese both are required Overtime pay 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID714:
Create and maintain QA artifacts such as test plans, test cases, test scripts, etc. Test Web-based applications on multiple platforms. Perform various kinds of testing processes such as Front-end, Back-end, Smoke, Functional, Exploratory, Regression, Acceptance, etc. Work closely with Software Engineering to ensure that all deliverables meet functional specifications. Test and evaluate internal and external product releases and provide constructive feedback to the software engineering team. Design test plans and break them down to test cases according to product requirements. At least 2 years of manual testing experience. Work experience with Web testing. Good understanding of QA, testing, and software development methodologies and familiarity with industry standards and best practices. Proficiency in QA essentials and theory and knowledge of issue-tracking systems. Ability to execute test cases and automated test scripts and assess the effectiveness and accuracy of the software. Ability to accurately record test results and software defects. Ability to drill down into the smallest of details while guarding the true essence of the product. Strong interpersonal, relationship management, and facilitation skills. Experience in a fast-paced environment with a rapidly growing product. High level of English - both written and verbal. Familiarity with Firebug/Developer toolbar. Basic knowledge of automation testing and API testing. 
ScrapedJobID715:

ScrapedJobID716:
Review current systems Present ideas for system improvements Produce detailed specifications and Test the product in controlled, real Maintain the systems Provide scheduled after hours system support 5-8 years Software Development experience Excellent communication skills Previous QA experience Calm under high pressure situations Previous experience writing requirements documentation A keen ability to quickly prioritize and Are able to work in a fast-paced, collaborative Have a high level of energy passionate Java EE Wild y Amazon Web Services JSF2 CSS 3 Javascript Hibernate / JPA HTML5 MySql GIT Rest Web Services AngularJS Excellent grasp of real estate and credit card industries Good understanding of PCI compliance Experience working with complex desktop Interest in working in a start-up environment Experience with DevOps practices Experience with micro services and/or distributed systems Exciting start up atmosphere with room to grow and develop Open and accountable environment 4 weeks’ vacation 1 block from Burrard Skytrain Competitive salary Comprehensive health benefits package Professional development allowance 
ScrapedJobID717:
Help transform workplace experiences. Through our Indoor Intelligence and mobile app solutions, we can help make workplaces safer and smarter as we return to work. Help people easily navigate complex indoor spaces. We provide developers with the tools to add geospatially accurate maps to mobile and web applications. Our CMS, SDKs and APIs enable users to build and manage scalable, map-enabled apps that create and bring indoor maps to apps to power multiple location-based use cases such as indoor navigation, asset tracking, proximity messaging, business intelligence and more. Create smart indoor spaces through location awareness. We provide industry-leading RTLS products that are used to provide accurate and actionable location data making indoor spaces more productive, cost-effective and safe. Manage cybersecurity. With precise indoor positioning and wide spectrum RF detection, we can detect devices, control applications in secured zones through integration with Mobile Device Management, and uphold best practices, security policies and compliance in government, pharmaceutical, and financial agencies managing sensitive work environment. Optimize resources allocation. Through any number of our product features, we manage, prioritize, and control the way spaces are used and accessed. Whether it's staff allocation in retail space, managing temperature and electricity consumption in a workspace, we improve space utilization. The roadmap. You will play a critical role in optimizing our SDKs and building new features that clients can customize and integrate into their products. You will collaborate with product, design, and development teams both inside and outside the company to plan new functionality. Our clients. You will proactively or reactively solve client issues and support integrations, pain points, and improvements. You will hold yourself accountable as a collaborative team member for reliable quality code accessed by applications and developers all over the world. Exceptional standards through collaboration. You will maintain the integrity of the software by asking questions. You will introduce best practices, ensuring contributions to the SDK provide long-term sustainability. The technical expertise. You have a Computer Science or Engineering degree, or you may have earned your skills in an alternate way. You have worked in a CI/CD environment and have a strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) design principles. You have 3+ years of experience using modern Javascript build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc.), React and backend technologies (Node.js, SQL, Rest APIs, etc.). You have worked with at least one testing framework, and you have exposure to cloud architecture in GCP. Exposure to SDKs is a definite plus but not a mandatory requirement. An Agile team approach. You have experience working within an Agile Scrum or Kanban environment. You are committed to your team, have outstanding collaboration skills, and have the ability to prioritize. You believe in writing good, readable, maintainable, and long-lasting code. You have experience with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty. Armed with excellent refactoring techniques, you work effectively with legacy code. A depth of practical knowledge. You understand how developers think and what modern end-users want, and you use that knowledge to enhance our SDK structure. You are always ready to brainstorm a solution that provides easy-to-use functionality for every situation. The accountability. You care about ownership, and you proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug. You are not afraid of changes. You are a good communicator. You can present complicated solutions to non-technical audiences simply and logically. 
ScrapedJobID718:
Total 7+ Years of Front End development exp. with 3+ years in ReactJS Required : ReactJS, Redux, Jest, Jest DOM, React testing libraries, WebDriver, ECMAS 6+, Typescript, Hooks, Apollo, Jenkins, GitHub Exposure of : Graph QL, AWS, CI/CD, Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID719:
Great at building responsive and user-friendly single-page applications in React, Flux, ES7, Redux, Webpack, HTML5, CSS, SCSS, LESS, etc. Solid experience in other frameworks and javascript to meet the 3+ years requirement is fine. Build tools like Gulp, Webpack, Babel, NPM, etc. Testing tools like Mocha, Sinon, Chai Excellent bootstrap and CSS knowledge. Understand how to debug hard problems in HTTP, XHR, JSON, CORS, SSL, S3, etc. Willing to get involved in some back-end work with NodeJS, Koa, Heroku, SQL, etc. Possess some Photoshop and/or Illustrator pixel fu. Be passionate about UX design. See things from a user’s point of view, and figure out the best UI for them. Able to reduce complex user interaction flows into crystal clear user interfaces. Good understanding of common user interface patterns and pitfalls. Knowledge of other languages is a huge plus. Java, python, ruby, etc. Back-end development knowledge is also a plus. While you won’t be required to work in the back-end, it will help to understand the code to help us improve the API for 3rd party devs. Be able to develop Chrome plugins, WordPress extensions, etc. to expand the reach of our tools. 
ScrapedJobID720:
Comprendre et déterminer les règles et la logique d’affaires propres à chaque station de ski et assurer que les solutions technologiques développées répondent et soient constamment alignées aux besoins des clients Effectuer l’intégration de produits logiciels existants avec des APIs externes afin d’améliorer notre offre de services Contribuer au design et à l’architecture de la logique d’affaires ainsi que de la structure de données afin de permettre une optimisation de la performance et la possibilité d’améliorations futures Effectuer du code en Front-End dans les langages JavaScript/Typescript, HTML, CSS/SCSS, ainsi que les technologies et outils Angular, Docker, NGINX, Jenkins, GitLab Effectuer du code en Back-End, développer en Java Spring en utilisant la base de données MongoDB Participer aux meetings scrum quotidiens, aux sprint reviews ainsi qu’aux rétros de sprint Participer aux show & tell hebdomadaires afin de prendre connaissance du travail réalisé par tes paires, présenter ce que tu as réalisé et ainsi rester informé de l’avancement du produit Participer aux planifications de sprint à toutes les deux semaines Accès à une rétroaction directe des clients Mettre en place et suivre des standards de développement Java et Angular (bonnes pratiques). Bien gérer la dette technique (identification, documentation et résolution) Participer à la mise en place de stratégies afin d’augmenter la qualité et faciliter l’assurance de la qualité (tests automatisés, tests end-to-end, tests unitaires, etc..) Profil curieux d’avoir une vision end to end (Front-End au Back-End en passant par la base de données) Excellent pour apporter des solutions créatives Stimulé par la résolution de problèmes complexes dans un contexte d’utilisation d’un large éventail de technologies Personne aimant mettre à profit son souci du détail Excellentes habiletés techniques et à l’aise avec un grand éventail de technologies Capacité de respecter les délais de livraison dans un contexte de multiples livrables Débrouillard et autonome Capable de travailler avec des collègues à distance Passionné de la montagne et/ou du plein-air Capable de comprendre la réalité et les besoins des stations de ski et des adeptes du ski/planche à neige Baccalauréat en informatique, génie informatique, génie logiciel, ou expérience équivalente Expérience en développement back-end en Java Spring et Javascript (Angular de préférence) Expérience de développement en micro-services Expérience en conception d’API Expérience à mettre en place des tests unitaires et d’intégration Connaissance du français et de l’anglais parlé et écrit Expérience dans l’industrie du ski, un atout Bonne capacité à lire, écrire et comprendre l’anglais Un environnement jeune, dynamique, décontracté et flexible où vous pouvez vous amuser Une équipe soudée et épanouie de 20 employés passionnés par la technologie et le ski, où les gens y restent. Une forte culture d'entreprise où l’engagement, la rigueur, la loyauté et la passion pour les sports en montagne et le plein-air sont au coeur de celle-ci Une entreprise en pleine croissance Une ambiance conviviale et une grande proximité entre les membres de l’équipe - Family hub Sillonner dans un environnement hautement technologique avec des technologies de fines pointes (ex : Architecture en micro-services, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Salaire concurrentiel, promis! Assurance collective payée à 100% par l’employeur Télé-médecine avec Dialogue Horaire variable Accès à des passes de ski gratuites (ce qui est un avantage considérable pour les amateurs de ski ou de planche) Possibilités d'avancement L’emploi du masculin est utilisé à des fins d’alléger le texte Understand and determine the business rules and logic specific to each ski resort and ensure that the technological solutions developed meet and are constantly aligned with the real business of customers Perform integration of existing software products with external APIs to enhance our service offering Contribute to the design and architecture of the business logic and data structure to enable performance optimization and future enhancements Perform front-end coding in JavaScript/Typescript, HTML, CSS/SCSS, as well as technologies and tools: Angular, Docker, NGINX, Jenkins, GitLab Perform Back-End coding, develop in Java Spring using the MongoDB database Participation in daily scrum meetings, sprint reviews and sprint retros Participate in the weekly show & tell in order to see the work done by your peers, present what you have done and stay informed of the progress of the product Participate in bi-weekly sprint planning Access to direct customer feedback Follow and implement Angular development standards (best practices) Good use and management of technical debt (identification, documentation and resolution) Participate in the implementation of strategies to increase quality and facilitate quality assurance (automated tests, end-to-end tests, unit tests, etc. Curious to have an end to end vision (Front-End to Back-End through the database) Excellent in providing creative solutions Ability to solve complex problems in a context of using a wide range of technologies A person who likes to pay attention to detail Excellent technical skills and comfortable with a wide range of technologies Ability to meet deadlines in a context of multiple deliverables Resourceful and self-directed Ability to work with remote colleagues Having a passion for mountains and/or the outdoors Ability to comprehend the realities and needs of ski areas and ski/snowboard enthusiasts Relevant training (e.g.: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, DEC in Multimedia integration…) Experience in Back-End development (Java Spring) and in Front-End development (Javascript (Angular preferred)) Experience in microservices development Experience in API design Experience in setting up unit and integration tests Knowledge of spoken and written French and English Experience in the ski industry is an asset Good ability to read, write and understand English A place where you can have fun due to its young, dynamic, relaxed and flexible environment. A close-knit and fulfilled team of 20 employees who are passionate about technology and skiing, where people stay. A strong corporate culture based on commitment, rigour, loyalty and passion for mountain sports and the outdoors. A growing company A close relationship between the team members and a warm atmosphere- Family hub. Work in a cutting-edge and a high technological environment (e.g.: microservices architecture, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Competitive salary, I promise! 100% employer-paid group insurance Telehealth with Dialogue Variable schedule Access to free ski passes (which is a great benefit to ski and snowboard enthusiasts) Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID721:
Great at building responsive and user-friendly single-page applications in React, Flux, ES7, Redux, Webpack, HTML5, CSS, SCSS, LESS, etc. Solid experience in other frameworks and javascript to meet the 3+ years requirement is fine. Build tools like Gulp, Webpack, Babel, NPM, etc. Testing tools like Mocha, Sinon, Chai Excellent bootstrap and CSS knowledge. Understand how to debug hard problems in HTTP, XHR, JSON, CORS, SSL, S3, etc. Willing to get involved in some back-end work with NodeJS, Koa, Heroku, SQL, etc. Possess some Photoshop and/or Illustrator pixel fu. Be passionate about UX design. See things from a user’s point of view, and figure out the best UI for them. Able to reduce complex user interaction flows into crystal clear user interfaces. Good understanding of common user interface patterns and pitfalls. Knowledge of other languages is a huge plus. Java, python, ruby, etc. Back-end development knowledge is also a plus. While you won’t be required to work in the back-end, it will help to understand the code to help us improve the API for 3rd party devs. Be able to develop Chrome plugins, WordPress extensions, etc. to expand the reach of our tools. 
ScrapedJobID722:
Comprendre et déterminer les règles et la logique d’affaires propres à chaque station de ski et assurer que les solutions technologiques développées répondent et soient constamment alignées aux besoins des clients Effectuer l’intégration de produits logiciels existants avec des APIs externes afin d’améliorer notre offre de services Contribuer au design et à l’architecture de la logique d’affaires ainsi que de la structure de données afin de permettre une optimisation de la performance et la possibilité d’améliorations futures Effectuer du code en Front-End dans les langages JavaScript/Typescript, HTML, CSS/SCSS, ainsi que les technologies et outils Angular, Docker, NGINX, Jenkins, GitLab Effectuer du code en Back-End, développer en Java Spring en utilisant la base de données MongoDB Participer aux meetings scrum quotidiens, aux sprint reviews ainsi qu’aux rétros de sprint Participer aux show & tell hebdomadaires afin de prendre connaissance du travail réalisé par tes paires, présenter ce que tu as réalisé et ainsi rester informé de l’avancement du produit Participer aux planifications de sprint à toutes les deux semaines Accès à une rétroaction directe des clients Mettre en place et suivre des standards de développement Java et Angular (bonnes pratiques). Bien gérer la dette technique (identification, documentation et résolution) Participer à la mise en place de stratégies afin d’augmenter la qualité et faciliter l’assurance de la qualité (tests automatisés, tests end-to-end, tests unitaires, etc..) Profil curieux d’avoir une vision end to end (Front-End au Back-End en passant par la base de données) Excellent pour apporter des solutions créatives Stimulé par la résolution de problèmes complexes dans un contexte d’utilisation d’un large éventail de technologies Personne aimant mettre à profit son souci du détail Excellentes habiletés techniques et à l’aise avec un grand éventail de technologies Capacité de respecter les délais de livraison dans un contexte de multiples livrables Débrouillard et autonome Capable de travailler avec des collègues à distance Passionné de la montagne et/ou du plein-air Capable de comprendre la réalité et les besoins des stations de ski et des adeptes du ski/planche à neige Baccalauréat en informatique, génie informatique, génie logiciel, ou expérience équivalente Expérience en développement back-end en Java Spring et Javascript (Angular de préférence) Expérience de développement en micro-services Expérience en conception d’API Expérience à mettre en place des tests unitaires et d’intégration Connaissance du français et de l’anglais parlé et écrit Expérience dans l’industrie du ski, un atout Bonne capacité à lire, écrire et comprendre l’anglais Un environnement jeune, dynamique, décontracté et flexible où vous pouvez vous amuser Une équipe soudée et épanouie de 20 employés passionnés par la technologie et le ski, où les gens y restent. Une forte culture d'entreprise où l’engagement, la rigueur, la loyauté et la passion pour les sports en montagne et le plein-air sont au coeur de celle-ci Une entreprise en pleine croissance Une ambiance conviviale et une grande proximité entre les membres de l’équipe - Family hub Sillonner dans un environnement hautement technologique avec des technologies de fines pointes (ex : Architecture en micro-services, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Salaire concurrentiel, promis! Assurance collective payée à 100% par l’employeur Télé-médecine avec Dialogue Horaire variable Accès à des passes de ski gratuites (ce qui est un avantage considérable pour les amateurs de ski ou de planche) Possibilités d'avancement L’emploi du masculin est utilisé à des fins d’alléger le texte Understand and determine the business rules and logic specific to each ski resort and ensure that the technological solutions developed meet and are constantly aligned with the real business of customers Perform integration of existing software products with external APIs to enhance our service offering Contribute to the design and architecture of the business logic and data structure to enable performance optimization and future enhancements Perform front-end coding in JavaScript/Typescript, HTML, CSS/SCSS, as well as technologies and tools: Angular, Docker, NGINX, Jenkins, GitLab Perform Back-End coding, develop in Java Spring using the MongoDB database Participation in daily scrum meetings, sprint reviews and sprint retros Participate in the weekly show & tell in order to see the work done by your peers, present what you have done and stay informed of the progress of the product Participate in bi-weekly sprint planning Access to direct customer feedback Follow and implement Angular development standards (best practices) Good use and management of technical debt (identification, documentation and resolution) Participate in the implementation of strategies to increase quality and facilitate quality assurance (automated tests, end-to-end tests, unit tests, etc. Curious to have an end to end vision (Front-End to Back-End through the database) Excellent in providing creative solutions Ability to solve complex problems in a context of using a wide range of technologies A person who likes to pay attention to detail Excellent technical skills and comfortable with a wide range of technologies Ability to meet deadlines in a context of multiple deliverables Resourceful and self-directed Ability to work with remote colleagues Having a passion for mountains and/or the outdoors Ability to comprehend the realities and needs of ski areas and ski/snowboard enthusiasts Relevant training (e.g.: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, DEC in Multimedia integration…) Experience in Back-End development (Java Spring) and in Front-End development (Javascript (Angular preferred)) Experience in microservices development Experience in API design Experience in setting up unit and integration tests Knowledge of spoken and written French and English Experience in the ski industry is an asset Good ability to read, write and understand English A place where you can have fun due to its young, dynamic, relaxed and flexible environment. A close-knit and fulfilled team of 20 employees who are passionate about technology and skiing, where people stay. A strong corporate culture based on commitment, rigour, loyalty and passion for mountain sports and the outdoors. A growing company A close relationship between the team members and a warm atmosphere- Family hub. Work in a cutting-edge and a high technological environment (e.g.: microservices architecture, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Competitive salary, I promise! 100% employer-paid group insurance Telehealth with Dialogue Variable schedule Access to free ski passes (which is a great benefit to ski and snowboard enthusiasts) Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID723:
Design and develop new core product features Enhance, maintain and test existing functionality Work with customers to solve business problems A great salary Intellectual and creative freedom Work Life balance An amazing team of bright colleagues Full and comprehensive benefit plan Company sponsored RRSP matching program Frequent social events Strong experience using ASP.NET and C# (4+ years’ work experience necessary) Relational database experience (SQL Server Stored Procedures, Views and Functions) Strong Object Oriented development skills Thorough understanding of the .NET framework Experience with JavaScript and JavaScript libraries such as jQuery Front end web development experience with HTML and CSS Relevant University or College Degree is a plus Web Development with Angular or React Microsoft Azure PaaS environments TypeScript experience Design Patterns/Microsoft Patterns and Practices Charting libraries like KendoUI, D3, or Highcharts Azure DevOPs Financial or public sector experience 
ScrapedJobID724:
Provide thought leadership to prospects and customers in areas of digital customer experience technologies Build relationships and become a trusted advisor for Appnovation's customers, business development, client services and project leadership teams Partner with Appnovation colleagues from Strategy, Creative/UX, Data Science, Architecture, Engineering, Creative Technology, Quality and Delivery on ideation, proposal definition and delivery of world class innovative customer experiences Actively contribute to Pre-Sales activity, product lifecycle planning, statement of work (scope, deliverables, tasks, effort estimations and risk/constraint identification) and project delivery Contribute to the ideation process for user experience and delivery process refinements Lead effective interpretations of client's needs as outlined in creative briefs Audit existing implementations, identify gaps, recommend improvements and benefits Translate marketing strategies and creative requirements into technical specifications Articulating and advocating best practices Solve complex user experience functional and technical challenges Implement and promote adherence of group technology standards and practices to ensure the highest degree of software quality Adhering to client technology standards and practices Create and present demos, proof of concepts or work in progress based on unique customer scenarios in client facing meetings Conduct code reviews Deliver code that is optimized for effectivity, efficiency and security Stay current with technology and industry best practices to ensure that skill set/knowledge base remains broad and current Bring in new sources of creative inspiration to your work and team Create knowledge base articles for marketing, case studies, whitepapers and/or to share experiences with broader Appnovation team Deliver applicable supporting documentation Educate staff members through training and individual support Bachelor's Degree in business (marketing focus preferred), computer science, or equivalent 6+ years of web development experience, developing across multiple platforms and has delivered projects as part of a team Expert knowledge in HTML5, CSS3 and vanilla Javascript Deep understanding of modern web interface development frameworks and build tools Deep understanding of combining design theory and user centric design principles with content, navigation, usability, behavioural analytics tagging, accessibility and SEO considerations Deep understanding of typography, illustration, storyboarding and iconography Deep understanding of software quality attributes (e.g. Correctness, Reliability, Adequacy, Learnability, Robustness, Maintainability, Readability, Extensibility, Testability, Efficiency, Portability) Expertise in React an asset Strong understanding of CSS architecture best practices Strong understanding and experience with digital style guides and related concepts & tools (e.g. design tokens, Storybook, Material Design, Material UI) Strong understanding and experience with version control systems Strong understanding of security and privacy by design principles Strong understanding of DevOps principles and processes Experience working with WCAG 2.x Level AA Experience with e2e testing, CircleCI, GitHub Pull Request workflow Experience managing and/or mentoring other developers Experience working with one or more Content Management Systems (coupled and headless) and Digital Asset Management Systems (e.g. Adobe, Sitecore, Drupal or Contentful) Experience working with microarchitectures, SOAP and REST APIs Experience working with delivery methodologies (eg. Waterfall, Agile - Scrum, SAFe, DAD) Experience in customer facing roles Excellent communication skills ML and ML APIs, Data visualization, PWA, Service Workers, and performance optimization 
ScrapedJobID725:
Bachelor's in Information Technology or other related field. 3 years of experience in object oriented development using Java (Spring Boot, Hibernate) technologies. Experience with Windows and UNIX OS. Ability and desire to work under minimal supervision. Ability to be a team player, willing to volunteer help and learn from others. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to interface with project stakeholders and develop a consensus around project requirements Browser based or client server development and support experience. Responsive web front end development experience. Experience with full life cycle iterative development; requirements gathering, technical design, development, testing and implementation. Prefer experience in health care industry or medical research. Experience working with complex health care data systems or applications (Electronic Medical Record, etc.). Previous experience with Java Previous experience with Spring and/or Spring Boot Previous experience with Microservices Excellent communication skills Previous experience with AWS Previous experience working in the Telecom Industry BS or MS in Computer Science or related field Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID726:
Be a source of expertise on Adobe Experience Manager and related Adobe products Develop and maintain Java services within the OSGi platform (Apache Felix) Manage the integration points between AEM and other services & systems Assist in architecture design and implementation plans for AEM projects Troubleshoot issues that arise on the BMWUSA platform Participate in team activities including providing mentorship and performing code reviews Manage and maintain the content deployment workflows in the CMS Provide CMS administration and build support to the BMW team Help to define and rollout development standards and documentation for AEM Experience developing within CMS platforms, preferably Adobe Experience Manager 6.4 or newer. 5+ years experience in Java development or equivalent Experience working as part of an enterprise-grade development project Creative problem solving and troubleshooting in large-scale systems Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail and the ability to multi-task Excellent communication skills and a strong team contributor Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly Experience using the Atlassian stack and Slack Working knowledge of Node.js, ES6, HTML, and CSS Experience working with Spring Boot or similar, especially for web services Experience with performance optimization techniques Experience with the principles of Inclusive Design, Accessibility, WCAG guidelines Experience using and configuring build automation tools (Maven, Jenkins, etc.) Knowledge of HTTP protocol, UNIX shell scripting, and networking 
ScrapedJobID727:
a degree in Computer Science or 2+ years of full stack experience 2+ years mobile development experience - React Native preferred 1+ year front-end development experience - React preferred 1+ year working with PHP or a similar language like C++, C#, Java, or Ruby working experience in a SQL database environment working experience with versioning systems working experience with Typescript and Webpack working experience working with Laravel experience consuming RESTful APIs experience working within an Agile/Scrum software development team the ability to be self-directed and to be collaborative – our team is working remotely but we meet virtually daily for standups and other sprint events; a service-oriented attitude and willingness to pitch in – we believe that teammates should have each others’ backs a technical mindset with exceptional attention to detail – this is a coding job, after all! the ability to translate technical concepts for non-technical folks – we encourage each developer to present their user stories to a broader group of stakeholders at sprint reviews an awareness of new technologies, and the foresight to know when to use them vs. proven solutions – newer isn’t always better, but we value creativity and critical thinking some lived experience that gives you a different perspective from the way things are “always done” A link to your GitHub (or similar) repo page or an equivalent code sample. If you were part of a team, please describe your individual contribution Your resume that indicates the level of experience you have with our wish list of requirements Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) full stack: 2 years (preferred) mobile development: 2 years (required) front-end development: 1 year (required) PHP/C++/C#/Java/Ruby: 1 year (required) SQL: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID728:
Grow - gain experience from all of your teammates (not just developers) to enrich your skill set and understanding of the fastest growing industry Be challenged - join a small team routinely challenged to solve interesting business problems while maintaining a level of excellence the company has come to expect from us. Drive new web initiatives - own the development of key projects related to the AppSmart marketplace that demonstrably impact the business Be successful - thrive in a performance-driven team where innovation and agility are prized and your success can be measured in the company's bottom line Ownership - Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling the marketplace theme You have at least 2 years experience with front-end development You love to build high quality code with efficiency and maintainability in mind You're experienced producing designs from common graphic design software. You're committed to writing efficient, semantic HTML / CSS built with great tools like Sass You have extensive experience with responsive web development You love collaborating with designers and other stakeholders to ensure the final product aligns with their vision and goals You advocate for the user and think about how your coding decisions will impact their experience You have a GitHub, Quora, or StackOverflow account that demonstrates what you love to do Experience with Nunjucks, Twig templating, React, and/or Shopify Templating Language Familiar with forms, data validation, and security Experience with enterprise APIs Experience working with complex data structures Familiarity with CSS organizational concepts like SMACSS and/or BEM 
ScrapedJobID729:
Work with the Customer, the Customer’s Banking Vendor, Doxim IT, and the Solutions Architect to establish connectivity between the Doxim hosted servers and the target banking system. Read and review banking API specifications in order to integrate and test against client banking system using VB.NET. Troubleshoot and provide support for any banking integration related issues during the testing or post production stages of the project. Be detail oriented and be able to methodically follow the technical steps required to deploy and configure Doxim’s banking front office SaaS products. Support the Implementation Specialist when required for execution and modification of database scripting and import/export services with MS SQL Data structures to deploy and configure application databases. Be able to use the Doxim system from an end user perspective to support end to end testing and troubleshooting. Work with the Doxim Business Systems Analyst to understand customer goals and objectives for Doxim’s products and configure the solution accordingly. Support the team in creating detailed production deployment plans and work with the Doxim Devops group to execute on those plans. Provide input into detailed technical implementation tasks to the Doxim Project Manager and support analysis and estimation on change requests. Troubleshoot and investigate customer support cases as required by the support team. Post-secondary degree or College Diploma in Computer Science, Business, or equivalent work experience in an enterprise software-oriented environment. Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server and Visual Studio Proficiency in VB.NET and MSSQL Understanding of core programming concepts, theories and patterns Working knowledge of VPN or certificate-based connectivity concepts Ability to follow process and detailed instructions. Understanding of relational data modeling Detail oriented with a strong commitment to quality Excellent verbal and written communication skills to accurately understand the customer’s challenge and be able to instruct them how to utilize our product to solve problems. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work as a team to troubleshoot and resolve more complex issues with other internal departments. Strong organizational skills to ensure proper follow up and adherence to project timelines. Analytical and critical thinking skills to evaluate challenges and make decisions. Ability to understand client business processes and architect solutions Ability to learn quickly as our products often have new releases with new functionality. 
ScrapedJobID730:
You are curious and work well with others, and are an experienced software developer with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering (Software, Computer or Electrical) Design, implement and deliver product features in Typescript, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Plan, develop and test data migrations as the database schema evolves. Be the subject matter expert of your ownership areas of the product. Help mentor less experienced team members. Must have practical experience in server-side TypeScript or JavaScript programming. Must have experience with relational database migrations (PostgreSQL beneficial). Front-end software development using a Single Page Application framework is beneficial. (We use Svelte). Clear verbal and written communication and the ability collaborate effectively in a geographically dispersed working environment. Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or Engineering (Software, Computer or Electrical), or equivalent (proof of degree required). Team player who makes those around them better. Enthusiasm and a willingness to learn. Legal knowledge is NOT a requirement. Experience with Typescript, Svelte or FoalTS. Experience with the operational needs of a hosted multi-tenant SaaS application. Startup experience and ground floor opportunities for growth in a team that includes seasoned business professionals. High quality of life and career in Canada's National Capital Region. Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID731:
Developing technology solutions that fully align with business needs and completion deadlines Developing front-end and back-end code for FindHomeCare.ca while integrating with 3rd party services Contributing to the design and architecture of FindHomeCare.ca and related systems and processes Serving as the lead for some features of the FindHomeCare.ca’s eco-system Improving our code quality, test coverage, and automation processes Providing technical expertise and experience when reviewing wireframes, features and pull requests Proactively improving the security, accessibility, and performance of the platform Participating in troubleshooting and profiling of systems Providing expertise when gathering user feedback Providing regular feedback during solution development to ensure end goals are met effectively Researching and suggesting new technologies, workflows, and methods Knowledge of software engineering best practices and a passion for clean, maintainable code. Ability to provide innovative, cost-effective solutions to complex business problems, from a 'user-first' perspective Demonstrated experience handling multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated experience providing high-quality, respectful support to peers, communities, and stakeholders Outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail - things don't get lost, missed or forgotten when you are around! Strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as listening skills Demonstrated tact and judgment in interpersonal relationships You can work independently in a self-directed environment Ability to understand users' requirements and translate them into actions You are also: Inquisitive, a problem solver, patient, understanding and respectful, highly motivated, analytical Casual dress Company events Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Flexible schedule Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Saskatoon, SK: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Secondary School (required) Full Stack Developer: 2 years (required) Fluent English (required) No 
ScrapedJobID732:
Develop Full stack applications the front-end, the back-end, databases and RESTful APIs Collaborate with other developers to build and release applications Design the technical specification to match product requirements and technical needs Design and implement the processes, tools and automation for automated tests, continuous integration, continuous deployment, and monitoring for our web applications Participate in Dev-Ops activities Monitor and troubleshoot system issues BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 3-5 years of experience with Full stack software development Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Familiarity with Web frontend frameworks (Angular) Experienced with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Experienced with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Solid experience with Linux-based operating systems Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture, Kubernetes and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) Experience with automated testing and continuous integration Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID733:
5 years + Linux Administration 3 years + Any of Jenkins , Bamboo, Microsoft TFS, Teamcity, and AWS DevOps. 2 years + Maven 3 years + any scripting language : Bash, Python, Groovy 2 years + Packer or Terraform 2 years + Ansible or puppet or chef 2 years + Cloudformation, Beanstalk 2 years + DBA experience Support CI/CD tools integration/ operations/ change management, and maintenance. Support full automation of CI/ Testing. Develop policies, standards, guidelines, governance and related guidance for both CI/CD operations and for work of developers. On-board/ train and support developers from source control, through build automation, merge resolution, CI, test automation, deployment based on tools usage and policies, standards. Enable DevOps by moving code from Dev/Test to Staging and Production. Troubleshoot issues along the CI/CD pipeline. Maintain adherence to architectural standards/principles, global product-specific guidelines, usability design standards, etc. Provide support and documentation to assist in sustaining projects during the transition to production. Input into UBC’s organization towards development of standards as well as efficiencies Provide input into product selection and standards, design, and certification Adheres to engineering methodologies and architecture global standards. Provide feedback regarding development and engineering methodologies, standards and leading practices. Identifies potential points of contention for missed activities and notify leadership of situation with possible solutions. Involve and drive UBC’s evolution towards DevSecOps and Agile Transformation Execution of process engineering and operational improvement initiatives for automation tooling focused on cloud Resolve and act as escalation and coordination point for incidents and problems related to affected automation Requirements gathering for design, development and deployment Root cause analysis and improvement solutions Executing scheduled or unscheduled automation in support of other technology domains Performing audits and analysis of existing products for the purpose of ensuring proper configuration management and consistency. Adhere to UBC’s and ITIL guidelines for Incident, Problem, and Change Management Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. Strong skillset and experience establishing CI/CD pipelines using Mulesoft and AWS DevOps. Strong skillset on integrating and operating Static and Dynamic Code Scans for security testing, OpenSource Code Scan with pipelines Strong skillset on integrating Automated Function and Performance tests with in AWS DevOps pipelines Background on automated packaging and deployment of infrastructure and applications via AWS DevOps pipelines Skills and experience in AWS along with scripting and development Ability to provision, monitor, optimize and scale AWS/Mulesoft infrastructure using API's Knowledge and/or experience on designing, developing, deploying, and CI/CD in a DevOps environment Experience with Docker containers and Kubernetes and other types of Microservices and Container technologies highly preferred Experience with application load balancing solutions for scaling and HA is a plus Linux and Windows administration experience is a plus Well versed in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components Understanding of firewalls, NAT and packet filtering (specifically lptables) General Networking skills expected Interest and ability to learn other technologies and tools as needed On-hands experience with various AWS and open-source based platforms is a plus (such as IIS, MsSQL, Apache, Tomcat, MySQL, Postgres, Mongo, Redis, Cassandra, etc.) Demonstrated knowledge of and experience working with Enterprise Application Development tools (Java, 4GL, business process engines, etc.) implementing Enterprise Application Development Patterns. Demonstrated knowledge of and experience working with Enterprise Application Integration tools (ETLs, ESBs, etc.) implementing Enterprise Integration Patterns. General knowledge and/or experience of standard industry methodologies for large COTS implementation programs. Very good oral and technical written communication skills. Very good working knowledge of programming/scripting/markup languages such as Java, Groovy, Python, Perl, HTML, XML, JSON, etc. Strong working knowledge of SOAP/REST concepts and technologies: XSD, XSLT, XPATH, WSDL, SOAP APIs, WS-\*, JSON Schema, RAML/Swagger, RESTful APIs, and OAuth2, both using and implementing. Strong working knowledge of enterprise application and integration patterns include message-oriented integrations that leverage technologies such as ActiveMQ, JMS and STOMP. Good understanding and experience with front end and backend development methodologies.as well as data modeling, data mapping, data structures, and data integration including the following concepts and technologies: SOA, ETLs, ESBs, MOMs, EAI, enterprise integration patterns, SQL/DDL/DML. Experience using standard 3GL and 4GL IDE’s for development. Good understanding and practical experience with many of the following: Object Oriented Analysis and Design concepts, design techniques and patterns; UML concepts; ORM frameworks; web application frameworks; software development methodologies and tools (e.g. build management, code repositories, version control, continuous integration and continuous deployment); test-driven design; behavior-driven design. Good project management skills including a working knowledge of SDLC methodologies, preferably Agile methodologies (e.g. Lean, XP or Scrum). Strong analytical and problem-solving skills demonstrated through troubleshooting complex technical problems. 
ScrapedJobID734:
Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience working on the backend? Web Design/development: 7 years (required) React: 3 years (required) HTML/CSS/JS: 5 years (preferred) Java: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID735:
Improving our JavaScript platform Launching new clients, including testing and troubleshooting installations Building the tools that millions of shoppers interact with daily Participating in code reviews, sharing knowledge, feedback, and ideas Learning! Hungry to learn, hard working and with a high capacity to learn Someone with a true engineering mindset, you build things to work and to last Passionate about finding elegant solutions to complex technical problems Eager to work in an ever evolving code base and constantly strive to improve the domain Committed to mastery and craftsmanship in your work Curious, constantly looking for better ways to do things Positive and personable - we're all tackling these challenges together! Focused and disciplined Able to communicate with clarity and brevity Experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS Understanding of MVC and MVVM architectures Understanding of server-side web apps in any language Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent degree / experience Source control (Git) and familiarity with unix command line Experience working as a front-end developer in an Agile environment Experience with modern JS libraries and frameworks, such as jQuery, Coffeescript, SASS, Ember, Angular, React, Gulp, Grunt, WebPack, or others Experience working with Tag Management Systems such as Google Tag Manager, Tealium and Signal Experience integrating with analytics packages such as Google Analytics and Omniture Experience with Amazon Web Services Experience with Ruby / Ruby on Rails, SQL, Redis, Hadoop, and/or Spark Understanding of machine learning 
ScrapedJobID736:
Design, develop, maintain, and deploy world class front-end/web & desktop applications with a high degree of autonomy Help us deliver awesome products Alongside your front-end development team, investigate technical feasibility and suggest implementation options Work closely with key stakeholders such as Product Managers, UX Designers and Quality Engineers Contribute to our ongoing efforts to improve our processes and tools Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related engineering discipline or equivalent professional experience 10+ years of engineering experience in the software industry 3+ years of experience with React and Redux A strong understanding of JavaScript and/or TypeScript A strong understanding of application architecture Experience with RESTful APIs Experience writing unit, integration and end-to-end tests Previous experience working on a large-scale web-based applications Constant focus on maintaining the quality of the code base and the customer experience Strong analytical and debugging skills A desire to learn and to help others grow Good English communication skills Highly competitive salaries Performance bonuses Unlimited paid vacations / flexible time off 12 annual paid holidays Health and dental insurances Telework 6% DPSP contribution made by the employer (when we get back to the office) Workplace perks such as free breakfast, free snacks and free coffee Subsidized lunch program Monthly fun activities such as Bagel Wednesday, Thirsty Thursday and Friday, fun day! And more! 
ScrapedJobID737:
gives back to the community has leadership that inspires, coaches and mentors allows you to speak up and be heard AND ... likes to have FUN? Driving the successful execution of the team’s roadmap Technical problem solving and analysis for challenges as they arise Collaborating with Technical Leads to execute the shared technical vision with the entire team Regularly provide technical and personal coaching and regular 1:1s with team members You are the first escalation point for developers regarding: software challenges, process issues, interpersonal issues Creatively solution new features with your team in pair and mob-based environments for our applications Collaborate and coordinates with key project stakeholders to ensure delivery in scope, time, quality and budget Cultivate trust with execs/managers/staff from other Departments through clear proactive planning and communication and accountability to commitments Establish and maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits Assess opportunities for application and process improvement and prepare documentation of rationale to share with team members and other affected parties. Adhere to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related discipline 5 - 7 years software development experience1 - 2 years people management experience Experience in mentoring and coaching others3+ years experience with modern technologies such as React, Swift, and/or Kotlin is a must You are familiar and experienced in Unit and Integration Testing You have experience with Modern Web and Mobile Application architectures You have experience troubleshooting complex technical solutions You embrace TDD and are familiar with CI/CD tools and processes Working and proven knowledge of Object Oriented Programming techniques and design patterns Love building amazing front-end experiences Have a passion for high performance applications Love coaching and mentoring developers Thrive on solving complex technical problems Continuously look for improvement and challenge the status quo Are proactive and shows initiative Value quality in everything you do Aren’t afraid to roll up your sleeves and try something new Remote Work Environment #ChooseOurOwnAdventure . Read more about our remote work environment here! Summer Hours ️ Wellness Program Lunchtime virtual gym sessions? Count me in! Course Reimbursement Program – We want you to keep learning, so we can too! Personal Days in addition to Vacation days An extra day off during the month of your birthday - our gift to you! Open and transparent communication, including bi-weekly All Hands Meetings with our CEO Pelmorex Learning Academy includes offerings like French, Leadership (for people leaders and non-leaders alike), yoga, mindfulness Your mental health is important to us! We partner with Inkblot for virtual counseling sessions Free online doctor visits with Maple Online Healthcare Personal Spending Account - Full-Time employees will receive $500 per year While we encourage 1:1 conversations, we recognize that not everyone is comfortable with speaking up. We have an anonymous reporting platform (Speakfully) to ensure everyone’s voice is heard Weather is inclusive, we will be too. We have an IDEAS (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Awareness, Solidarity) team committed to making this happen! 
ScrapedJobID738:
Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Own quality for responsible features and write necessary tests to ensure quality of features. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter by contributing to a collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas Minimum 3 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/CSS, and working knowledge of front-end frameworks such as Angular, React or Vue Working knowledge of development using Azure is a plus Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continuous learning Able to work independently and with a team Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Être garant de la qualité des fonctions qui sont sa responsabilité et mettre au point les tests nécessaires. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes des TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes informatiques. Communiquer avec les intervenants de l’entreprise à propos des processus agiles pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Agir à titre d’agent de changement et de promoteur de la mentalité agile en favorisant un environnement de travail collaboratif et stimulant. Être connecté au secteur pour connaître les tendances et proposer des idées innovantes. Minimum de trois ans d’expérience de programmation en langages C# et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique des langages HTML/CSS, et connaissance pratique des cadres frontaux tels que Angular, React ou Vue Connaissance pratique du développement avec Azure, un atout Passion pour le développement et intérêt démontré pour l’apprentissage continu Capacité à travailler de façon autonome et en équipe 
ScrapedJobID739:
Meets with clients to determine project scope and recommends most feasible course of action for development. Advises clients on appropriate multimedia costs, timelines and production process. Coordinates budget and schedule required to complete cost-effective multimedia projects. Completes project on budget and within the timeframe while meeting client’s objectives and expectations. Liaises with team members to coordinate the design, format, and deployment of the multimedia product. Handles storyboarding/wire-framing UI/UX and IA design and development. Writes well-organized and logical code for front-end database and back-end integration. Ensures consistent translation of design to function for web applications, with a focus on usability and adoption. Performs quality assurance and usability testing, troubleshooting and documentation. Develops applications with Institute software infrastructures in mind. Provides ongoing maintenance and support for custom-built applications and systems. Works with team to organize and maintain learning object repository and development servers Researches new and evolving software including testing and prototyping, to determine availability, performance and compatibility with existing equipment for instructional or informational purposes. Formulates recommendations for the implementation of new educational multimedia applications and/or systems to support teaching and learning. Researches, develops, documents and communicates processes and procedures in the areas of educational multimedia development and programming. Advises course developers and instructional designers as to multimedia applications that can be used to solve specific teaching and learning challenges and how to implement them. Recommends Institute standards for educational multimedia programming. Provides up-to-date information and recommendations to facilitate decision-making related to educational multimedia. Participates in Records Custodian training and remains current with record keeping practices, policies and procedures (both BCIT and FOIPOP). Undertakes related duties as assigned, consistent with the job grade of this position. Grade 12, plus completion of a two-year diploma program or equivalent in digital media, web development, computer systems / programming. Two years’ general computer systems experience plus four years’ experience in a similar position, in the development and implementation of educational multimedia within the postsecondary environment. Demonstrated expertise in multimedia applications and proven experience in multimedia development and programming. Experience as a project manager with a proven ability to establish priorities, identify tasks, coordinate the activities of project participants and report on the status of a project. Experience training/mentoring faculty an asset. Portfolio of custom-built web applications or equivalent examples of work required; Examples of applications made for multiple platforms (standalone apps, widgets, mobile, ARNR. .. etc.) an asset. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX, SQL, PHP required. Experience developing for LMS, SCORM, educational software highly preferred. Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, restful APls, API design, version control Graphic and media skills:
Working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch and other design tools.
Basic audio, video editing and formatting knowledge an asset. Working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch and other design tools. Basic audio, video editing and formatting knowledge an asset. Ability to effectively analyze learning situations to identify and solve technology-related. Ability to explain technical decisions to the broader team and project sponsors. Eagerness and aptitude to learn new technologies. Must be a team player, with demonstrated ability to work in the dual role of team participant and team leader. Professional, reliable, with a strong work ethic. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Effective training and presentation skills. Demonstrated ability to train adult learners. Creative and visual thinker; keen eye for layout design, understanding of design principles. Excellent organizational and troubleshooting skills with attention to detail. Customer service orientation in all client interactions (internal and external). Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Eligibility for partial remote work upon Institute approval Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID740:
Working with our preferred technology stack (Primarily Elixir/Phoenix, LiveView, Ruby on Rails, modern JavaScript). Develop, scale, and optimize amazing GraphQL & RESTful APIs. Be part of our backend service teams supporting web and mobile clients. Build front-end applications using modern JavaScript technologies (React, TypeScript). Participate in the design, architecture, and delivery of new features in a collaborative agile/scrum environment. Other duties as required. A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, distributed systems, algorithms and software design. Passionate about clean code architecture and software craftsmanship. Experience with modern web framework and API development (Phoenix, Ruby on Rails, Sinatra, Django, Node). Experience with Git and GitHub or similar. A strong grasp and experience with relational databases; including PostgreSQL and MySQL. Experience with background job processing (Exq, Sidekiq, Celery, Beanstalk, RabbitMQ, Kafka). Comfortable working in the terminal. Proficiency within an editor of your choice. Experience with testing frameworks such as ExUnit, RSpec, Jest, pytest or equivalent. Experience working with profiling tools. Knowledge and familiarity with caching strategies and tools. Consuming and integrating with third party APIs. NICE TO HAVE: Elixir, building GraphQL APIs (Absinthe), GraphQL schema stitching & subscriptions, GCP, Kubernetes, JavaScript SSR, contribution to open source software, experience working at startups, passion for sports and/or esports. Ship features that impact millions of users. Work on large distributed systems spanning public cloud and on-prem locations. Learn how to manage workloads, at scale, running on Kubernetes Contribute to a federated GraphQL API used by millions of clients. Competitive salary Comprehensive Benefits package Fun, relaxed work environment Education and conference reimbursements Parental leave top up 
ScrapedJobID741:
Work with users and business analysts to understand user needs and translate requirements into systems Estimate effort and ensure timely delivery Ensure agile and continuous delivery methodology is followed Ensure code is readable, maintainable and well tested Ensure that release management / change management processes are followed Be responsible for the 2nd and 3rd level of support Assist the support team in the rollout of releases Rely on IT best practices to improve quality of development Participate as a motivated, proactive and highly contributing member of the global team The Post Trade Fixed Income team develops and support software in an AGILE environment for trade booking, position management, settlement management and straight through processing of electronic trades. Our software interacts with various upstream and downstream systems. The Electronic Trading team develops and supports software in an AGILE environment for price/inventory publication, inquiry management and straight through processing of electronic trades. Our software interacts with various external electronic trading systems and exchanges such as Bloomberg, Tradeweb, BrokerTec, Trad-X, MarketAxess,etc. The FO Lab team (a Front to Back IT Team) is working on the Trading floor. It is a proximity development team that works hand in hand with equity derivative trading desks and operational teams. Experience: You have recently graduated, or you have significant past experience in programming using object-oriented languages, and specifically C# .NET. Technical skills: Experience in CI/CD frameworks Education: You have a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Languages: English is a requirement Bilingualism (French/English) is considered a strong asset Good written & verbal communication skills Analytical skills Rigorous Autonomous Dynamic, detail-oriented, fast learning capacity and able to work in a high-pressure environment Commitment to putting integrity at the heart of our businesses Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Climate commitment Citizen engagement Competitive salary and vacation package Great coverage and Social benefits (2000$ health spending account to get massages or pay other services not covered by our insurance) Personal Spending account (1000$/year), it even works to pay animal day care! Maternity, paternity and adoption leave for all An opportunity to express yourself and get involved: And… a great training offer plus opportunities to evolve within the company with mobility opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID742:
Create new React-based features for our desktop web application and portal, using a C#/SQL Server back end Migrate existing Sencha-based code to React Work in a Scrum team to deliver value every two weeks Collaborate with the UX team to design best-in-class workflows and experiences Assist with diagnosing and troubleshooting production issues 3 years of React experience, including Javascript/Typescript, HTML, and CSS 3 years of working in an Agile team Experience with highly scalable systems, handling millions of users Experience writing unit tests using Jasmine or Jest Sencha (extjs) experience is an asset C#, SQL Server experience is an asset Knowledge and experience writing secure front-end code is an asset Experience with code scanning tools such as SonarQube is an asset Collaborative, 10/10 communicator; you chat to your teammates every day You think big. Your pages work for hundreds of thousands of users in an environment with millions High energy; you bring a lot of enthusiasm to the job Flexible; you want to work with legacy Sencha as well as new React code You're interested in contributing to the back end as required You have TDD experience and you write unit tests for everything. 90% code coverage is not a problem for you You take secure coding seriously and you do this every day You know a thing or two about Identity and Access Management You want to be part of one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada 
ScrapedJobID743:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent A strong foundation in software development principles and architecture Several years of experience working in agile software development Proven ability to translate business requirements into long standing performant solutions Experience working with relational databases Proficiency in Javascript, Typescript or C# Front-end and Dev-Ops experience is a plus Building state-of-the-art data visualization and analysis tools for traders to systemically extract insights from their trades Implementing scalable and performant software that supports data driven decision making in EDT Soliciting requirements from analysts and traders for algorithmic trading strategy Maintaining existing trade research and reporting tools Recognized as one of Canada's Best Employers for the past 8 years Committed to continuous learning & development Industry leading benefits package and perks Focused on employee well-being and work-life balance Community initiatives, volunteer program and opportunities for giving back 
ScrapedJobID744:
Work with talented team members on full line of products in the field of UTM Support upper management with high quality deliverables in a timely manner Take part in various software projects with focus on front end developments Help shape the design and development processes of next generation GUIs Software development in Unix/Linux, or mobile environment Experience with C/C++, script programming, such as JavaScript, Python, Perl Understanding of TCP/IP networking and various networking protocols Proven experience and strong knowledge of web application technologies such as CSS, HTML5, ES6, React, Angular Extensive knowledge of user interface design principles and best practices Solid understanding of relational & non-relational database management systems Experience or knowledge of SaaS, cloud computing infrastructure and implementation is a plus Experience with virtualization platforms, such as AWS, KVM, VMWare, is a plus Experience with mobile application development on Android / iOS is a plus Excellent problem solving and trouble shooting skills High motivation to succeed 
ScrapedJobID745:
Be a forward-thinking technologist who is continuously researching new approaches to problems and discussing them with others in a productive manner, in a community of practice setting. Design, implement and test customer-facing and internal web applications, with stronger focus on back end components but also getting involved in some potential front-end work. Be actively involved in designing new application features and functionality, improving scalability and maintainability. Support and expertise for a complex and hybrid (cloud and on-premises) infrastructure environment; evaluation (with recommendations) to enable proper operability of applications on both infrastructure and software levels. Meet regularly and interact productively with a diverse team of business stakeholders, user interface and experience designers, architects, engineers as needed to elicit, define, analyze and document requirements and principles for new applications. Support less experienced team members in defining technical requirements to facilitate design, development, testing, implementation and ongoing support of applications within the team. Provide coaching to other team members to assist them with technical challenges and assignments. Ensure timely escalation of issues that are blocking oneself or the team. Help the team support applications built in production, addressing issues in a timely fashion, respecting agreed upon service level objectives. Contribute to defining and implementing best practices, standards and procedures including quality and delivery methodologies. Comply with the documented software processes and procedures throughout the life cycle of software products. Solicit and participate in code reviews and unit testing practices. If there is need, participate in research and proof of concepts, ensuring the value is documented and socialized. Share knowledge and lessons learned with others in the organization. Apply significant knowledge of the technology industry trends to help Questrade to improve and build innovative products. Assist with the technical screening of new team members joining engineering teams. Web: REST APIs written using Microservices in .NET Core and Node.js, C#, WPF, MVVM, WCF. Data: SQL Server, Google Cloud Firestore, MongoDB, Redis Cache, MemSQL. Streaming: Google Pub/Sub, Kafka, RabbitMQ Infrastructure: Google Kubernetes Engine, and other Google Cloud Platform components. Tools: GitLab, Jira, Confluence, preferably automated CI/CD. 
ScrapedJobID746:
Our highly skilled, diverse, collaborative team ; Our 5stars Glassdoor score ; Our clients love us! We have a NPS of 74 ; Our growth of 600% in the last past 3 years ; Our mission, our ambitions and where we're heading. Developing the scalable front-end on one or many of our evolving platforms; Run multiple A/B testings in order to constantly optimize and improve the product ; Collaborating with your immediate squad composed of Backend Developers, QA, Product Owner, and Product Designers to create an excellent user experience ; Collaborate with the FrontEnd team to share knowledge and best practices ; Apply strong technical skills in design/coding/testing/debugging ; Deliver small-scoped projects/features independently, and medium to large
projects within a team of collaborators ; Work with the team to investigate hard-to-reproduce bugs, narrow-down failure conditions, and the first test of new functionalities Continue to learn the system and technology and use new learnings in your work. You have a B.S., B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or another technical field; You have 3+ years of professional experience in Front-End development; You have experience with React (ideally on Typescript); You have strong CSS skills (Ideally with Styled-Component or Sass); You like the idea of joining a startup with a growing team of great engineers; You are self-driven and like fast-paced teams and environment ; You enjoy both sweating the details and deliberate, long-term system thinking; You've built and shipped great apps, mobile or web; You've comfortable with architectures of modern applications. Contribute directly to shaping the experience that will modernize the Canadian mortgage industry; Learn and be challenged daily by smart, hard-working and ambitious colleagues ; Work on ambitious missions with a high calibre team ; Opportunity for growth within the company ; A very competitive salary ; Equity is part of the package! We offer stock options to all of our employees ; A generous time off policy (20 vacation days + 3 flex days) ; Top tier benefits plan entirely covered by nesto including unlimited access to a telemedicine service for you and your family; Possibility to work remotely 100% (from Canada) or from a beautiful location in Downtown Montreal, next to cafes, restaurants. Notre équipe hautement qualifiée, diversifiée et collaborative ; Notre score de 5 étoiles Glassdoor; Nos clients nous aiment! Nous avons un NPS de 74; Notre croissance de 600 % au cours des 3 dernières années; Notre mission, nos ambitions et où nous allons. Développer le front-end évolutif sur une ou plusieurs de nos plateformes en évolution; Exécuter de multiples tests A/B afin d'optimiser et d'améliorer constamment le produit; Collaborer avec votre escouade immédiate composée de développeurs de bout en bout, d'AQ, de propriétaires de produits et de concepteurs de produits pour créer une expérience utilisateur exceptionnelle; Collaborer avec l'équipe FrontEnd pour partager les connaissances et les meilleures pratiques; Appliquer de solides compétences techniques en conception/codage/testing/débogage; Livrer des projets/caractéristiques de petite envergure de manière indépendante, et de moyenne à grande envergure
projets au sein d'une équipe de collaborateurs; Travailler avec l'équipe pour examiner les bogues difficiles à fabriquer, les conditions d'échecs à faible intensité et le premier test de nouvelles fonctionnalités Continuez d'apprendre le système et la technologie et utilisez de nouvelles connaissances dans votre travail. Avoir un baccalauréat ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie logiciel ou dans un autre domaine technique; Une expérience professionnelle de 3+ ans en développement Front-End; Une expérience avec React (idéalement sur Typescript); De solides compétences en CSS (idéalement avec Styled-Component ou Sass); Tu aimes l'idée de rejoindre une startup avec une équipe grandissante d'ingénieurs à fort potentiel ; On te considère comme autonome et tu es confortable au sein d'une équipe et un environnement à haute velocité; Tu es autant soucieux des détails que de penser délibérément à un système à long terme; Tu as construit et expédié d'excellentes applications, mobiles ou web; Tu es passionné et expérimenté avec les architectures des applications modernes. Contribuez directement à façonner l'expérience qui modernisera le secteur hypothécaire canadien; Apprendre et être mis au défi quotidiennement par des collègues intelligents, travailleurs et ambitieux; Travailler sur des missions ambitieuses avec une équipe de haut calibre; Possibilité de croissance au sein de l'entreprise; Un salaire très compétitif; L'équité fait partie du package! Nous offrons des options sur actions à tous nos employés; Une politique de congés généreuse (20 jours de vacances + 3 jours flexibles); Plan d'avantages sociaux de premier ordre entièrement pris en charge par nesto, comprenant un plan d'assurance complet et un accès illimité à un service de télé-médecine pour vous et votre famille; Possibilité de travailler à distance à 100 % (depuis le Canada) ou depuis un bel emplacement au centre-ville de Montréal, à côté de cafés et des restaurants. 
ScrapedJobID747:
Envisioning, designing, and developing a web application from the ground up, using modern web application and cloud deployment technologies. Working with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Experience developing user interfaces using React An intuition for UX and design, endless curiosity, and a passion for delighting people with software Experience with full-stack development, single-page web applications, micro-services architecture, REST service design, and test-driven development. Strong software development skills using TypeScript, JavaScript, and Node.js Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas and able to work in a collaborative environment. Experience with DevOps, Continuous Delivery and Deployment Familiarity with large scale React applications Experience with NoSQL, SQL and OLAP databases Exposure to Progressive Web Applications and Mobile application development Preferred Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID748:
Experience with deploying production grade features to the web Strong understanding of React, Redux, and Javascript, Typescript Experience architecting and building large web applications Experience collaborating closely with back end developers to deliver value to our customers and users Integral part of the Ada for Marketing team who creates personalized buying experiences Provide expertise from past experiences to help level up our current development practices Review team’s code, provide insightful feedback regarding front end architecture Design and own the frontend code base Competitive salary and generous stock option plan Unlimited vacation Wellness account Extended health coverage Dental/optical/travel insurance Life insurance Employee and family assistance plan Flexible work schedule Digital first, fully remote with WFH budget In-house social worker Paid parental leave for Canadian and U.S. residents Development opportunities 
ScrapedJobID749:
Stakeholder Management: proven track record of having established successful business relationships with users and stakeholders, while utilizing your expert knowledge of digital best-practices, technologies and tools Training: developing and training users to an expert standard on Adobe Campaign and other relevant technologies that drive marketing automation Reporting: Providing high quality management information, including ROI, on the performance of marketing activities and program from a digital standpoint Develop the Front-End of web applications, web forms and the HTML for the campaigns Develop and direct the team that builds journeys using Adobe Marketing Cloud Lead team members working on campaign objectives and strategy, with a focus on users’ retention Leverage analytics to refine and improve effective outreach Oversee the design, implementation, and tracking results of marketing campaigns Review insights of content performance, campaign performance and other metrics to form automation tactics Data privacy compliance, close monitor of the process of subscribe/unsubscribe and FrontEnd HTML development, Campaign design and implementations Work with the analytics team for reporting Experience in Adobe Campaign, Adobe Experience Manager, and Adobe Analytics. Demonstrable experience of Adobe Campaign (or similar tool) is required Familiarity with CRM platforms HTML and JavaScript frameworks knowledge is a must Fluency in data privacy requirements, GDPR and other jurisdictions’ mandates Knowledge of CMS platforms, and how to implement such requirements in line with other KPMG technologies Good experience of working across complex or matrixed organizations. Professional Services experience a bonus Analytical experience: strong commercial awareness with the ability to translate comprehensive post campaign evaluation analysis into actionable insight and present findings/implications to a non-technical audience Good working knowledge of other Adobe packages (including Photoshop) Passionate about the client experience Builds co-operative relationships and fosters an environment in which everyone’s opinion is valued Team player who can see how CRM including Campaign Management operates within broader (client retention and acquisition) strategies of KPMG Drive and commitment to deliver a high-quality service to internal stakeholders Strong verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID750:
Work with the Lead Developer, Designers, Project Managers, Backend Developers, and other stakeholders on developing web3 products, platforms, and tools. Implement User Interfaces and User Experiences that bridge blockchain interactions and engagement. Integrate backends, web2 & web3 stacks, and 3rd party APIs. Perform QA for yourself and peer-reviews, testing for accessibility, aesthetics, usability, API integrations, security, and cross-browser compatibility. Javascript Electron TypeScript Node.js React web3 Ethers Git Clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution 3+ years of experience with React 1+ years of experience integrating wallets (e.g. MetaMask, WalletConnect), cryptocurrencies, blockchains, NFTs A strong intuition to learn further web3 concepts Collaborative energy and ability to work well in teams Strong work ethic and passion Strongly preferred: A portfolio, graphic design experience (e.g. Figma, the GIMP, Photoshop), experience using sockets/WebSockets. Bonus: Experience with other front-end frameworks (e.g. Vue, Angular), queuing (e.g. RabbitMQ, AWS SQS), containers (e.g. Docker), Electron, Jenkins, cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), and previous experience with a web3 team. Highly skilled in learning on the job and continuously learning Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Mature, professional, driven, empathetic. Experience in blockchain or crypto industry Joining a great growth-centric, exciting team culture A chance to make a difference in a growing company Exciting projects and an opportunity to shape our future Competitive compensation and benefits package Flexibility A focus and support on professional development - we value ongoing learning 
ScrapedJobID751:
Write, document, and maintain code Work with team members to review/analyze software requirements and functional specifications, evaluate technologies, and create implementation plans Work with the support team and customers as part of the product development lifecycle Validate and troubleshoot technical issues, both within the application code and outside of it Perform functional and regression testing, both manually and using automation tools, in multiple environments Participate in special projects and perform other duties as required Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in software development Extensive experience designing and implement UI designs across a multitude of web platforms (desktop, tablet, mobile) and browsers Experience with UI design HTML5 and related technologies (CSS, Javascript APIs) Cross platform JavaScript (ECMAScript current and ES.Next. JavaScript Design Patterns) Front-end JavaScript frameworks and libraries (Vue.js) Ability to work with server side programming stacks (LAMP, GoLang) Familiarity with MS Windows development (.Net) Familiarity with build tools (Gulp, Webpack, Grunt, or like tools) Troubleshooting and analysis skills; Familiarity with QA tooling (Selenium, Jasmine, or like tools) Experience with working with data stores (SQL and noSQL) Familiarity with server side Linux, docker, as well as Apache or the like Proficient with Git or a similar source version control system Understanding of agile web software development methodologies, values, and procedures. Excellent communication (verbal and written), planning and time-management skills 
ScrapedJobID752:
Work with the team lead to build the Bluescape portal according to written specifications Work as part of a small, high-performance team coding in JavaScript Understand and debug a complex, single-page application Build reusable components that can be used by multiple internal applications Collaborate effectively with the QA team and reviews test plans Collaborate effectively with the Design and Product teams and understand user requirements Be aware of trends in the software industry and identify technologies that are applicable 3+ years' experience in architecting modern React applications for the web 5+ years' experience with other UI web frameworks (React, AngularJS, etc.) Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent Track record of developing and shipping production ready front end client software using React Track record of creating maintainable, extensible, well tested and crafted code Strongly motivated to enhance existing products and help design and build new products in a collaborative startup environment Team-oriented with focus on strong interpersonal, communication and problem solving skills Ability to mentor team members and enforce best practices In depth knowledge of TypeScript and/or JavaScript language and programming idioms ES6+ Intermediate to advanced understanding of HTML5, CSS, DOM and event handling Experience of integrating REST-API's for in app functionality Experience with researching and integration of best third party npm packages into an existing code base Experience with one or more automated testing frameworks, such as Jest, Cypress, Mocha, Chai, Instanbul Experience with developer testing using unit, integration and/or end to end testing frameworks Understanding of application state management libraries like Redux, Redux-thunk or Redux Saga Good debugging skills and problem solving Knowledge of Source code repository including Git, Bitbucket, Mercurial or anything similar Experience with CI/CD, Jenkins, github actions or other development platforms Experience with developer focused testing using TDD methodologies Experience collaborating closely with a UX design team during product development Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Retirement benefits Employee Assistance Program Healthy Living Rewards Program Generous Time Off Allowance Volunteering Time Off Education Assistance Program 
ScrapedJobID753:
You will help to design and build a maintainable UI / UX front end product with an agile squad You’ll participate in Architecture discussions, be part of the messaging on the work planned, and breaking down the work so the squad can deliver in a team-oriented culture. You’ll be expected to support the Development Manager, leading by example within the squad, ensuring the squad books meetings, facilitating to break barriers. You’ll be expected to keep up to date with best practices and help mentor the squad to embrace better ways of making software. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your "stamp" as we are undergoing expansion and transformation plans. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, Facilitate the design discussions for the features your Agile squad undertakes Keep your team’s technical architecture documentation up to date and are able to quickly generate any integration architectures into your system Develop a robust front-end architecture with Angular Driving cross-team projects requiring collaboration Provide mentorship to the other developers on your team through your development, code reviews, and having them lead the design, documentation, and other initiatives as appropriate Able to quickly learn and master new technologies Drive operational excellence by identifying and eliminating persistent root causes for problems that affect your customers and team. Represent your team when working with Team Leads, Product, Design, and all other external stakeholders Own features from design through to implementation Front end development experience (Angular, Typescript) Single-Page Application experience Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience Еxtensive web and enterprise development experience Passion for designing new features. Passion for software and continuous learning Good communication skills Strong OOP skills, advocate for code quality, Design Patterns, and SOLID principles Agile Experience Working with scalable backends (microservices, REST API) Experience working with and maintaining large codebases Experience working with and maintaining microservices Knowledge of accounting and auditing concepts Our People Make Us Great Bias to Action Pushing the Boundaries Driven by Customer Success Benefits from Day 1 5 weeks of personal time a year: 3 weeks vacation + 8 personal days + office is closed from X-mas to New Year! A platform with global reach - you will be making an impact on the lives of people across the globe. Complicated problems, interesting challenges on front-end, and a lot of cutting-edge software development. Lots of growth opportunities (management & architecture) for the people who make us great. 
ScrapedJobID754:
Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience working on the backend? Web Design/development: 7 years (required) React: 3 years (required) HTML/CSS/JS: 5 years (preferred) Java: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID755:
Work with a cross functional team consisting of developers, designers and product managers to solve customer problems and deliver amazing software Learn from technical leads and mentor intermediate and junior developers Contribute code to projects, review code, and have a large engineering wide impact doing things such as architecting core services, developing internal tools, maintaining repositories, and leading technology guilds, Spend your “30% time” developing yourself as a software engineer, refactoring code, and experimenting Learn and apply new technologies to relentlessly drive yourself, and our platform, forward Version control - e.g. Git, Mercurial, SVN Core web technologies - HTTP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Testing frameworks such as RSpec, Jest, Mocha Modern front-end stacks - e.g. Webpack, Babel, Vue.js, React.js Server technologies such as Node.js and Ruby on Rails Relational Databases such as MySQL, PostgreSQL Experience architecting microservice infrastructures Distributed computing concerns such as message queues and pub/sub Operational concerns such as monitoring and logging Level up their home office/workspace, Socialize meaningfully within teams as well as across the organization, Enjoy a flexible work schedule (We know your time is valuable! Own your work in a way that best suits your lifestyle) 
ScrapedJobID756:
Travail significatif qui favorise le perfectionnement professionnel Possibilité de travailler dans l’industrie technologique et de s’y épanouir Environnement de travail axé sur la collaboration Faire partie d’une équipe à haut rendement Avantages sociaux : entièrement flexibles pour que vous puissiez choisir ce qui est important Équilibre travail-vie personnelle : Horaires flexibles et « vendredis californiens » toute l’année Retraite : Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées et régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif Avantages financiers : Régime d’actionnariat et nombreux rabais d’entreprise Programmes personnels et familiaux : Plan de bien-être physique et prestations de maternité complémentaires Plaisir au travail : Activités sociales et communautaires tout au long de l’année! Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile
Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7) Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Meaningful work that drives professional development Ability to enter and grow within the technology industry Work in a collaborative environment Be part of a high-performance team Benefits: fully flexible for you to choose what is important Work-Life Balance: Flextime & California Fridays all year Retirement: Defined Benefits Retirement Plan & Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) Financial Perks: Employee Stock Purchase Plan & numerous corporate discounts Personal and Family Programs: Physical Wellness Plan & Supplementary Maternity Plan Fun at work: social and community events all-year round! Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter
Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Experience in programming C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7) Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude. 
ScrapedJobID757:
A new Single Page Application (React) with advanced customization capabilities; enabling operations teams to easily create websites for new hotels at no development cost. An AppleTV application (React Native) which welcomes our guests to their hotel rooms and allows them to order amenities and toiletries right from their TV. A cross-platform (web/mobile/tablet) React Native application which offers reporting and efficiently guides our onsite teams through common workflows so that our team can spend less time behind a computer monitor and more time creating amazing experiences for our guests. Participate in the design and creation of beautiful / functional web applications Evolve and implement new and existing UI through our company's Design System Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies to ensure we are always using the best practices Be a promoter of great UX 4+ years industry experience Commanding grasp of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern JavaScript libraries and tooling (e.g. React) Demonstrated web performance profiling, troubleshooting, and optimization experience. Experience in a continuous delivery model Strong motivation to drive impact by making product or infrastructure improvements Proactiveness, good communication, and fast learning Experience developing hybrid mobile applications (e.g. React Native) Experience with native iOS app development using Swift An environment that encourages initiative and leadership Work with highly talented people who are extremely passionate about their craft An opportunity to join one of the most exciting startups in Montreal Competitive salaries, benefits, and paid time off Much more... 
ScrapedJobID758:
Flexible vacation days Health and wellness spending accounts Continuing education benefit Flexibility to work from anywhere (we’re currently remote-first, but this applies beyond COVID-19) Front-end development using React, TypeScript and related technologies Back-end development using TypeScript (node.js) Working with postgres Cross-team collaboration with other disciplines Assuring quality of our product through automated testing and monitoring Challenging yourself and the team to experiment with and introduce new and better technologies into the system Participating in iteration planning, testing, bug fixing and deploying releases 2+ years of industry experience with JavaScript development, with at least 1 year of commercial experience. Developing and working with REST APIs. Mobile development experience and experience with Redux or Flux are highly desired. 
ScrapedJobID759:
Lead development of the HelpWear Android App Direct involvement in the software development for the HeartWatch system Developing new features that meet clinical and market requirements Code review and repository management Working together with UX designers in building out usable and accessible UI Working closely on our bluetooth device integration with the app Finding innovative methods to improve the overall usability of HelpWear’s system General understanding of software development processes as well as tools to power day to day operations to ship the application 2 Years in Android Development 1+ Years in Computer/Software Engineering or Software Developer experience Previous experience working with embedded systems/devices via bluetooth Worked with Bluetooth device integration with android Company events Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Please provide a link to your personal GitHub profile or any other portfolio that demonstrates your previous coding experience/work. This is mandatory for your application to be considered for the position. Android Development: 2 years (preferred) Computer/Software Engineering: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID760:
Design and development - Perform and coordinate complicated application programming activities. Design the application's technical infrastructure using specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches. Lead the design and development of cost-effective and innovative solutions. Strategic planning - Develop multi-year technology roadmaps that align with the bank’s vision, strategy, and business goals. Lead multiple complicated projects involving backend systems, new technology, and the enhancement of existing applications. Leadership skills - Act as the mobile development team lead and run code-review sessions with the wider team to ensure the project is on track to meet goals. Support and mentor intermediate and senior developers by sharing knowledge, collaborating and problem solving. You can demonstrate experience As a seasoned C# / .Net Developer with Test Driven Development experience (TDD, ATDD or BDD). Ideally, you have experience with: .NET, C#, SQL Server, PowerShell, ASP.NET, MVC, XML, Json, .Net Core, Microservices, RESTful API and Unit Testing . It’s an asset if: You have knowledge of React, Agile, Azure development, Elastic search and SOLID design principles. Having experience with SSIS/SSRS would also be beneficial. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, SW Engineering/or related programming degree/diploma. You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop : Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning Prosper : Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID761:
Analyze product requirements and define technical specifications. Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Design, develop, document, test and maintain cross-platform software solutions using agile methodology. Research and evaluate a variety of software products. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs and translate UI/UX design wireframes to actual code. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. Participate in code reviews and inspections. Bridge the gap between graphic design and technical implementation. Document programming tasks and procedures. Identify troubleshooting issues and resolve bugs found through testing. Follow software-engineering best practices in usability, code quality, test coverage, source control, and CI/CD. Coordinate and partner with other engineers, UX designers, product owner, and customers to refine and build complex products as well to ensure the project meets business objectives and compliance standards. Research and evaluate a variety of software products. Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or any relevant field or equivalent experience in full-stack development. 5+ years of experience developing front-end and back-end enterprise web applications. Strong grasp of unit, integration and end-to-end test development. Strong analytical and project management skills. Previous experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions. Enthusiasm for engineering practices such as refactoring, TDD, CI/CD, pair programming, and design and code reviews. Strong proficiency with JavaScript. Experience working with modern front-end technologies (e.g. React.js) Experience with ES6, HTML5, CSS3, Node.js and Express.js Programming experience with Redux, Material UI and PostgreSQL databases is considered an asset. Experience working with UI Frameworks such as Material-UI or Bootstrap. Experience in using and implementing RESTful APIs. Experience with serverless software development. Knowledge of web testing frameworks like Jest or Mocha. Experience with Git. Experience with Docker. UX/UI Design tools (Axure, Adobe XD). Experience with AI/ML-based solutions. Knowledge of Python and other programming languages. Knowledge of NOSQL such as MongoDB. Knowledge of Webpack, Gulp and Yarn. 
ScrapedJobID762:
A curious and fast learner; Able to translate business needs to technical requirements and implementation; A team player interested to be part of a senior team of talented developers; Opened to learn new software development processes, like test-driven developing or domain-driven design; Motivated by challenges and new opportunities including learning technologies, products and platforms like IBM WebSphere Application Server, MQ, Bluemix, Jenkins, IBM Mobile First Platform. Participate in all design sessions and provides technical leadership (including technical decisions, technology recommendations, defining standards, leading POCs, and mentoring developers); Work with project sponsors during the project planning phase to understand the requirements in order to define and solution design that meets the business and technical needs of the client; Define the strategy and overall vision for solutions. Provide complete solution designs that consider cost, performance, scalability, reusability, and extensibility; Document application requirements, technical specifications, use-cases, workflow processes; Occasionally conduct research and Proofs of Concept on new technologies and applications; Mentor and develop skills of other members of the team. Collaborate with other development and integration team members to ensure Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) Integration technologies are properly implemented and maintained; Actively be involved in the functional and technical discussion with the client; Perform estimations based on industry widely known of project specific methods and tools; Create and deliver technical design, solution architecture and perform product integration (including unit testing, integration and system tests); Actively be involved in all the project phases: analysis, design, implementation, test/acceptance. At least 5 years experience in Angular, Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices & System Design/Frameworks knowledge is a plus At least 3 years experience in SQL (MySql, Oracle), NoSql(MongoDB), Eclipse/Rational Application Design/Rational Software Architect/STS4 Tools: JIRA, GIT, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Continuous Integration Strong Front-end Development Experience desired with Angular6+ (more recent frameworks is preferred) Experience in Object Oriented design and/or development. Experience in AngularJs MV* Framework experience a plus jQuery and/or equivalent javascript development experience is desired. Familiarity with front end frameworks and technologies such as Angular, Backbone, Twitter Bootstrap, SASS or LESS is a plus. Should be strong in JBOSS & Core Java; Cloud experience is a plus. Should have good exposure to Maven; Continuous Integration Self-starter; able to work in team Pro-active with good communication skills Should have solid development background , hands-on and proven ability to deliver quality on time and on budget Provide Status reporting to stakeholders on a regular basis Coordinate with stakeholders for issue resolution Strong analytical skills Agile methodology. Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; 
ScrapedJobID763:
5+ years of hands on development experience Project experience building applications with Java 8+ in Spring Boot Good understanding of web services technologies (REST, SOAP, XML, JSON) Experience with front end development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS) Oracle/MySQL databases, SQL, and stored procedures Experience with microservices, Kubernetes and Docker Nice to have telecom experience and familiarity with GIS Monday to Friday Software development: 4 years (preferred) Java 8+ in Spring Boot: 3 years (preferred) REST, SOAP, XML, JSON: 3 years (preferred) front end development: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID764:
Java 11, Spring Boot, VueJS, Golang MySQL, Redis, Elastic Stack, Apache Kafka Docker, K8s GitHub, Jenkins, IntelliJ Slack, Google Apps, Jira Participate in product architectural design and analysis Develop Back-End applications using languages such as Java or Golang. Develop Front-End applications using JS frameworks such as Vue.js Create and maintain test suites at various levels (unit, functional, automated or not)Review code PRs (pull requests) to promote best practices and design guidelines Collaborate in cross-functional projects to support customer requirements gathering, unit and user acceptance testing Create and manage data schemas & content using most appropriate database technologies Apply CI/CD practices to prevent integration problems as well as ensure that the code is releasable at any point in time Participate in evaluation, benchmarking and documentation of various technical solutions Act a point of contact with customers to ensure product developments are aligned with commitments Contribute to the creation of user stories Design visual mockups & user interactions on web interfaces Promote the use of best practices in Agile methodology and design for repeatability, usability, and testability Support, maintain, and help document software functionality Actively participate in increasing the team’s collective knowledge, by organizing or attending internal or external trainings. Act as a mentor for new developers and interns Assist our operations team by providing occasional second-level support Minimum of 5 years of experience as software developer Excellent knowledge of Java. Familiarity with Groovy and/or Golang Demonstrated skills in web-based development, including REST APIs and JS frameworks such as VueJS/Angular/React. Experienced with diverse cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, CloudStack, OpenStack)Experienced with SQL and NoSQL databases Experienced with CI/CD environments.Familiar with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher, OpenShift) Proficient in agile programming practices Strong analytical mind with a good dose of creativity Meticulous person who strives to constantly improve his/her/their competencies Excellent communication skills Has contributed to open source projects and can point us to his/her/their Github account Knowledge of advanced networking (e.g.: SDN, SD-WAN, NFV) Over 10 years in business and internationally recognized leader in cloud computing Ranked in the PROFIT 500 list the last five consecutive years Laptop and cellphone provided Group insurance plan Employee stock option plan Collaborative and friendly culture Leading-edge 24/7 telehealth and lifestyle services Opportunities to work with and in different teams Ongoing learning and training, with certifications Participate in open source and partner communities Weekly (remote) happy hour Group online gaming sessions Our very own beehive: encouraging urban biodiversity and enacting real systematic change 
ScrapedJobID765:
At least 2 years’ experience in software development and design. Experience with source control systems (ie. Git, Gitflow, etc.) Experience developing with OOP (C#/Java), Javascript and SQL. Ability to work effectively, both individually and as a member of a project or Agile team. A love for learning new things! Experience in the Azure cloud services and components or other Cloud platform Knowledge and experience with unit and/or automated testing frameworks Knowledge and experience of CI/CD and DevOps Familiarity with Domain Driven Design, Event Sourcing, CQRS Front-loaded vacation and sick time Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Peace of mind benefits such as life insurance and disability insurance Casual office environments and unlimited office snacks and drinks 
ScrapedJobID766:
Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID767:
Collaborate with other Committee members to identify business needs to inform website design and functionality Conceptualize visuals based on requirements; design and build front-end website and create website architecture Design and manage website back-end including database and server integration Leverage WordPress to generate themes and plugins Troubleshoot content issues and update content on the live website Attend committee meetings and contribute to general operations and strategy discussions Familiarity with web design software and technologies including WordPress A keen eye for aesthetics and details Highly organized and resourceful Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting Passionate about using your expertise as a part of an organization that gives back to local children What skills or experiences are you hoping to gain through this volunteer opportunity at Daytrippers Children's Charity? 
ScrapedJobID768:
Plans, designs, develops, deploys, tests, maintains, updates and supports custom solutions which involves website architecture, dynamic programming, database development, server configuration, service and application administration, and application integration Assist to support of packaged application integration into solutions, data conversion planning and testing, and a key contact for vendor technical support of applications belonging to or assigned to the web services portfolio Analyze business requirements and communicate regularly with departments to effectively design and deploy technology and custom solutions to solve business problems Provides 2nd level support to service desk and end users as required with respect to the department’s web and dynamic services (includes but not limited to intranet sites, extranet sites, internet sites, database, and dynamic/data driven applications) Good understanding of the software development lifecycle and must be able to communicate project status, issues, and resolutions effectively Some knowledge and development experience in:
SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices
Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server
SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell
Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive
Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass
Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React
Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft
Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies Experience with delivery of websites involving team & project collaboration, corporate communication, and business process portals including financial reporting May have some experience writing design specifications and data models for Web and dynamic applications This is a customer facing role and requires a resourceful individual that is confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in crisis management and expectation management Strong teamwork and cross-group skills are essential Organizational skills to effectively prioritize tasks Troubleshooting skills to contend with technical difficulties, and analytical skills to assist in the resolution of complicated application integration challenges Verbal communication and interpersonal skills required with the ability to write in a clear and concise manner 
ScrapedJobID769:
Develop quality software and web applications Provide the technical background and skills to perform in all phases of software: design, development, testing, documentation, and implementation Responsible for the entire implementation process and drive definition of business needs Produce responsive platforms which support multiple devices and can operate on web, Android, and iOS applications Collaborate with Marketing teams on project specs Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience Minimum of 3 years of experience and up to 5 years of related field experience in various software development technologies, patterns, and practices Proficient in programming languages: Java, Python, React and JavaScript Highly driven and motivated with an entrepreneurial attitude Team Player Willing to take on any challenge French (written and verbal) is a plus 
ScrapedJobID770:
Collaborate with client, development and architect teams to deliver a new website and different POCs in an iterative agile mode. Join all required SAFe Agile ceremonies (planning, refinement, daily scrums, demos, retrospectives, PI Planning). Analyze business requirements and propose solutions, design, code and test existing and new web sites based on detailed business requirements. Demonstrate ability to independently manage multiple tasks and deadlines in a collaborative team environment. Demonstrate strong leadership skills and ability to mentor other team members. Strong work ethic with a commitment to meet deadlines. Excellent analytical and inter personnel skills. Strong Expertise in REACT, Redux and State Management (3+ years) Expert in JAVA/J2EE, Git, Sling, OSGi , Apache Felix, Apache Jackrabbit Oak, Maven Expertise in HTML and Javascript (including jQuery) and CSS Hands on working experience in ADOBE AEM Hand on experience in developing services and plug ins for Adobe AEM Experienced with Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) (Jenkins) Full Stack Development Java React Native 
ScrapedJobID771:
Implementing new OTTO Motors fleet applications, including creating technical design documents, technical architecture and application development. Supporting and maintaining existing OTTO Motors fleet applications, including adding new features, implementing design changes and resolving bugs. Supporting product management with technical product management tasks Investigating new technologies and products that will better allow us to provide top tier solutions for our customers 1-3 years of related experience Experience writing HTML5/JavaScript based applications that interface with back-end REST and WebSocket endpoints. Using web frameworks and tools such as React, Angular, webpack, npm/yarn Working directly with designers to implement pixel-perfect user interfaces Comfortable in a bash terminal on Unix based systems Implementing user interfaces that must work on both desktop and mobile platforms Writing development documentation and using source control and build systems. Working in a collaborative environment, interfacing with other team members regularly, sharing knowledge via diagrams, discussion, and examples Server-side development using NodeJS or Python, implementing API's and supporting services Experience with ROS / Robotics Systems Writing installable mobile applications, using web or native technologies Implementing web-based mapping technologies Industrial integration experience, communicating with PLCs or OPC/UA servers C++ / Python experience 
ScrapedJobID772:
Work with a combination of C# (Winforms) and modern JavaScript web technologies to design and develop new user-facing features Produce exemplary code and deliver completed projects on time Create and track project plans and convey status, issues and risks effectively Perform unit and system level testing on your application and all affected systems Work closely with customer-facing technical consultants to ensure that development efforts truly meet customer needs Work closely with technical leads to ensure effective coordination and integration between interrelated projects Play a key role in the development of best practices in software design, implementation, and coding standards Lead and mentor junior engineers Exceptional programming skills and grasp of software engineering principles and UI design patterns (MVVM, MVP, and Flux). Demonstrated success managing development projects end-to-end with significant ownership over technical decision-making. 5+ years developing front end applications using at least one industry-standard language (C#, JavaScript, or TypeScript)and framework (Winforms, WPF, Angular2+, React, or Vue). Bachelor’s or advanced certificate in STEM field or equivalent experience. Preferred: Experience with both desktop AND web technologies a big plus. Experience with using Git version control. Familiarity with SQL and databases. Enterprise software experience or experience with financial software and/or financial trading is a plus. Experience with financial broker/exchange APIs (e.g. price feeds, order execution) a plus. 
ScrapedJobID773:
Enjoy working collaboratively in an empowered, small, cross-functional team Experience working in an agile and fast-paced development environment (e.g. TDD, BDD, Agile, pair programming, etc.) A passion for code quality demonstrated by thorough testing A desire to be hands-on in designing and writing code Curiosity and internal motivation to constantly improve Ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment Excellent communication skills, comfort level to speak their mind and defend ideas based on merit, yet humility and hunger to learn from others Proficiency with web technologies, including JavaScript (ECMAScript 6+), HTML5, CSS Strong experience in market-leading JavaScript frameworks such as, React.js (preferred), Angular, etc. Experience working in an Agile work environment and knowledge of Agile methodologies. Experience in developing responsive applications with good architecture and UX. Strong experience in contributing to architecture, design, and implementation of products Expert at writing unit tests and testable components. Experience building E2E automation scripts and tools to support the CI &CD pipeline. Expert in design patterns and best coding practices. Clear written communication and documentation skills. Ability to mentor less experienced engineers An aptitude for continuous learning and exploration of new technologies. A typical candidate has a Computer Science degree or equivalent. 
ScrapedJobID774:

ScrapedJobID775:
Design, implement, and support scalable, fault-tolerant systems Support initiatives to drive the latest best practices in the industry in terms of architecture or technology and assist in setting engineering-wide standards Research and champion new technologies Collaborate with multiple teams to deliver enterprise-grade software and solutions 3+ years in Software Development with Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field Good & robust knowledge around front-end development Knowledge of microservice technologies Proven track record of delivering end-to-end solutions from scratch. Courage to dig-in, refactor code, and explore new technologies You are an expert with following technologies: ReactJS / TypeScript / Javascript JS & Node.JS Frameworks Data Structure / Algorithms Object Oriented Analysis and Design Design Patterns Agile Development methodology MySQL / MongoDB / Cassandra / Redis / Elasticsearch 
ScrapedJobID776:
Design, implement, test and document Genomadix's laptop and mobile based GUIs in our user-focused DNA testing platform You will be working within a medical device software life cycle process (example: IEC 62304) Take user requirements and distill into workflows, designs, and software implementation Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams including product managers, other software developers and testers, user representatives, and others. 1+ years C# experience 1+ years experience with cross-platform mobile development. Typescript and React Native experience preferred. Experience with front-end design tools such as Adobe XD, Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator Experience in front-end design, translating high-level requirements into interaction flows, wireframes and mockups. Experience with formal software life cycle processes such as IEC 62304, ISO 12207, ISO 26262, etc. (Optional) Python experience Acting a single point of contact for software matters for our Director of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer Manage software team resources Prior experience in software leadership position Prior experience interacting with non-software stakeholders Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID777:
Ensuring user experience determines design choices. Developing features to enhance the user experience. Balancing functional and aesthetic design. Ensuring optimized web design for mobile devices. Building reusable code for future use. Optimizing mobile applications for maximum speed and scalability. Maintaining brand consistency throughout the design. React Native Objective C & Swift for iOS applications ReactJS Web markup, including HTML5, CSS and preprocessors Client-side scripting and debugging using JavaScript and Typescript with libraries and their interactions with RESTful API's. Cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Code versioning tools, such as Git. server-side CSS pre-processing platforms asynchronous request handling, partial page updates 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID778:
Are an accomplished storyteller who understands how to break through the clutter with engaging content Are a quick study when it comes to the adoption and mastery of software and technology Strong knowledge of User experience (UX) and user interface (UI) design Are knowledgeable with Google Analytics (or related). How else do you know if you are reaching your goals? Have 5+ years of experience in web development, digital marketing, ideally within a charitable organization Have solid knowledge of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript. REACT and JSON is a plus. Have experience working with content management systems like Luminate Online, Team Raiser, and Raiser’s Edge Have strong knowledge of testing protocols Champion the growth of our overall digital marketing efforts. Be an ace web developer with expertise in Wordpress. Bring a creative and innovative approach to attracting new donors with outside the norm ideas Be able to look at data and web analytics and make sound/logical decisions based on what they see Think critically about strategy as well as be comfortable making suggestions to improve any area of the business Have strong interpersonal skills, ability to work well in a team, build off the ideas of others, and be open to constructive feedback on their work Identify and suggest new innovative strategies to increase the number of donors, as well as build on existing initiatives Work closely with leadership in the creation and delivery of all marketing strategies, including (but not limited to) creative ideas regarding our existing websites, current marketing channels and social media Act as an Ambassador throughout the Community, positively representing the Hospital and the Foundation Maintain and optimize Foundation website and execute a strategy to optimize CMS Develop and measure mass email communication templates to donors and stakeholders Participate in the development of policies, rules and controls to ensure the data entered and contained in the donation (RE/RE NXT) database is integrated with online tools Implement data standards on contact information to ensure all e-blasts communication material meet the personal information & privacy regulations and mailing standards Assist in the preparation of an annual plan of measurable goals and strategies to maximize the fundraising initiatives and campaigns Casual dress Company events Hybrid working from home/office arrangements Competitive health benefits and pension package 
ScrapedJobID779:
Participation and ownership of a features lifecycle Collaboration in refining RenoRun's software process Developing new user-facing features using React.js Key driver for system level architecture discussions and solutions Creating reliable, well-tested code that directly impacts users experience Researching and developing tech stack improvements 5+ years of working experience with ReactJS Strong proficiency in JavaScript or Typescript Proven track record in building and releasing scalable React applications Desire to break new ground and innovate in an industry undergoing digital transformation Strong communications skills with the purpose of establishing great relationships Passionate about solving complex problems Solid understanding of web development concepts Experience with iterative development methodologies Experience with the usual tools of the trade Passion for creating incredible software solutions focusing on user experience Health, dental & vision insurance effective immediately Equity Free access to healthcare professionals via a virtual care application Flexible working environment and schedule - be comfortable working from home Unlimited vacation Save on snacks thanks to our well-stocked kitchen 
ScrapedJobID780:
Work collaboratively to discuss high-level business needs, ask clarifying questions and suggest solutions that often involve trade-offs, with cross-functional partners. Lead projects, implementing features and experiments using cutting edge front-end technologies to acquire learners, increase conversion and engagement. Guide and mentor other engineers, fostering a growth mindset. Use a scientific, data-informed approach: A/B test, track user engagement and make informed choices based on results. Bring the engineering perspective to growth brainstorming sessions, suggesting innovative product experiments. Dive in and understand all the nuances of front-end infrastructure, proposing and implementing improvements that provide leverage to engineers, and the business. Advanced proficiency in the core web technologies: Javascript, HTML, and CSS. Experience in building and operating large-scale web applications that scale. Experience in at least one modern UI framework (e.g. ReactJS, AngularJS, etc). Fervent belief in engineering excellence and building technical leverage to help other engineers and our stakeholders. Strong mentorship and technical leadership experience with a track record of scoping, estimating and delivering larger projects. Committed to success and learning using experimentation and metrics. Experience implementing responsive web designs and writing unit and integration tests is a plus. Comfortable working in a fast-moving team environment (we deploy many times a day!). 4+ years of experience in a relevant software engineering role. Front-End Web Development with React Web Application Development with JavaScript and MongoDB Interactivity with JavaScript 
ScrapedJobID781:
Enjoy working collaboratively in an empowered, small, cross-functional team Experience working in an agile and fast-paced development environment (e.g. TDD, BDD, Agile, pair programming, etc.) A passion for code quality demonstrated by thorough testing A desire to be hands-on in designing and writing code Curiosity and internal motivation to constantly improve Ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment Excellent communication skills, comfort level to speak their mind and defend ideas based on merit, yet humility and hunger to learn from others Proficiency with web technologies, including JavaScript (ECMAScript 6+), HTML5, CSS Strong experience in market-leading JavaScript frameworks such as, React.js (preferred), Angular, etc. Experience working in an Agile work environment and knowledge of Agile methodologies. Experience in developing responsive applications with good architecture and UX. Strong experience in contributing to architecture, design, and implementation of products Expert at writing unit tests and testable components. Experience building E2E automation scripts and tools to support the CI &CD pipeline. Expert in design patterns and best coding practices. Clear written communication and documentation skills. Ability to mentor less experienced engineers An aptitude for continuous learning and exploration of new technologies. A typical candidate has a Computer Science degree or equivalent. 
ScrapedJobID782:
Help transform workplace experiences. Through our Indoor Intelligence and mobile app solutions, we can help make workplaces safer and smarter as we return to work. Help people easily navigate complex indoor spaces. We provide developers with the tools to add geospatially accurate maps to mobile and web applications. Our CMS, SDKs and APIs enable users to build and manage scalable, map-enabled apps that create and bring indoor maps to apps to power multiple location-based use cases such as indoor navigation, asset tracking, proximity messaging, business intelligence and more. Create smart indoor spaces through location awareness. We provide industry-leading RTLS products that are used to provide accurate and actionable location data making indoor spaces more productive, cost-effective and safe. Manage cybersecurity. With precise indoor positioning and wide spectrum RF detection, we can detect devices, control applications in secured zones through integration with Mobile Device Management, and uphold best practices, security policies and compliance in government, pharmaceutical, and financial agencies managing sensitive work environment. Optimize resources allocation. Through any number of our product features, we manage, prioritize, and control the way spaces are used and accessed. Whether it's staff allocation in retail space, managing temperature and electricity consumption in a workspace, we improve space utilization. The roadmap. You will play a critical role in optimizing our SDKs and building new features that clients can customize and integrate into their products. You will collaborate with product, design, and development teams both inside and outside the company to plan new functionality. Our clients. You will proactively or reactively solve client issues and support integrations, pain points, and improvements. You will hold yourself accountable as a collaborative team member for reliable quality code accessed by applications and developers all over the world. Exceptional standards through collaboration. You will maintain the integrity of the software by asking questions. You will introduce best practices, ensuring contributions to the SDK provide long-term sustainability. The technical expertise. You have a Computer Science or Engineering degree, or you may have earned your skills in an alternate way. You have worked in a CI/CD environment and have a strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) design principles. You have 3+ years of experience using modern Javascript build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc.), React and backend technologies (Node.js, SQL, Rest APIs, etc.). You have worked with at least one testing framework, and you have exposure to cloud architecture in GCP. Exposure to SDKs is a definite plus but not a mandatory requirement. An Agile team approach. You have experience working within an Agile Scrum or Kanban environment. You are committed to your team, have outstanding collaboration skills, and have the ability to prioritize. You believe in writing good, readable, maintainable, and long-lasting code. You have experience with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty. Armed with excellent refactoring techniques, you work effectively with legacy code. A depth of practical knowledge. You understand how developers think and what modern end-users want, and you use that knowledge to enhance our SDK structure. You are always ready to brainstorm a solution that provides easy-to-use functionality for every situation. The accountability. You care about ownership, and you proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug. You are not afraid of changes. You are a good communicator. You can present complicated solutions to non-technical audiences simply and logically. 
ScrapedJobID783:
Write, document, and maintain code Work with team members to review/analyze software requirements and functional specifications, evaluate technologies, and create implementation plans Work with the support team and customers as part of the product development lifecycle Validate and troubleshoot technical issues, both within the application code and outside of it Perform functional and regression testing, both manually and using automation tools, in multiple environments Participate in special projects and perform other duties as required Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in software development Extensive experience designing and implement UI designs across a multitude of web platforms (desktop, tablet, mobile) and browsers Experience with UI design HTML5 and related technologies (CSS, Javascript APIs) Cross platform JavaScript (ECMAScript current and ES.Next. JavaScript Design Patterns) Front-end JavaScript frameworks and libraries (Vue.js) Familiarity with build tools (Gulp, Webpack, Grunt, or like tools) Troubleshooting and analysis skills; Familiarity with QA tooling (Selenium, Jasmine, or like tools) Ability to work with server side programming stacks (LAMP, GoLang) Experience with working with data stores (SQL and noSQL) Familiarity with server side Linux, docker, as well as Apache or the like Proficient with Git or a similar source version control system Excellent communication (verbal and written), planning and time-management skills 
ScrapedJobID784:
5+ years of professional full-stack development experience. 3+ years SQL experience using MySQL, MariaDB. 2+ years of full-time experience developing applications with JavaScript frameworks/libraries including Vue, React, or Angular. 2+ years of full-time experience with Node.js. Strong knowledge and experience with Ajax, JSON, HTML5, CSS3. Experience integrating apps with APIs and other web services via REST. Experience with unit testing, release procedures, coding design and documentation. Proficiency using versioning with Git. Excellent written and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal and team relationship skills . Ability to learn and master new technologies and committed to continuously learning. Ability to l earning on the Fly . Experience developing SMS services (preferred). Experience developing email services (preferred). Experience developing SAAS applications (preferred). Full-stack application development with a focus on React and Node. Work closely with the project manager and development team to implement feature specifications. Show initiative by offering ideas to help improve the department. Work effectively with the development team to ensure project success. Creativity : Develop innovative solutions to software problems that maintain a high degree of quality and keep our customers happy. Time Management : Follow efficient processes to achieve a high level of productivity, maintain exemplary application performance, and coordinate timely development response to critical customer issues. Problem Solving : Continually evolve new ways of proactively and prescriptively finding application functionality and performance problems, and then establish effective and innovative ways to resolve and prevent the problems. Review and contribute to technical design specifications, diagrams, wireframes, and client Statements of Work to address both functional and non-functional requirements. Stay abreast of emerging software technologies and take initiative in their adoption when they are a good fit for the company. JavaScript frameworks/libraries including Vue, React, Angular Node.js TypeScript MySQL, MariaDB Scrum Agile Methodology Tomcat, .NET, JavaScript, ExtJS, ColdFusion IIS, Apache Web Server AWS Github Jira 
ScrapedJobID785:
Plans, designs, develops, deploys, tests, maintains, updates and supports custom solutions which involves website architecture, dynamic programming, database development, server configuration, service and application administration, and application integration Assist to support of packaged application integration into solutions, data conversion planning and testing, and a key contact for vendor technical support of applications belonging to or assigned to the web services portfolio Analyze business requirements and communicate regularly with departments to effectively design and deploy technology and custom solutions to solve business problems Provides 2nd level support to service desk and end users as required with respect to the department’s web and dynamic services (includes but not limited to intranet sites, extranet sites, internet sites, database, and dynamic/data driven applications) Good understanding of the software development lifecycle and must be able to communicate project status, issues, and resolutions effectively Some knowledge and development experience in:
SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices
Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server
SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell
Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive
Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass
Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React
Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft
Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies Experience with delivery of websites involving team & project collaboration, corporate communication, and business process portals including financial reporting May have some experience writing design specifications and data models for Web and dynamic applications This is a customer facing role and requires a resourceful individual that is confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in crisis management and expectation management Strong teamwork and cross-group skills are essential Organizational skills to effectively prioritize tasks Troubleshooting skills to contend with technical difficulties, and analytical skills to assist in the resolution of complicated application integration challenges Verbal communication and interpersonal skills required with the ability to write in a clear and concise manner 
ScrapedJobID786:
Egoless culture - We recognize as an organization that the work we’re doing cannot be accomplished by a single individual. As such we value tremendously everyone’s inputs at all levels. As one team, we strive to find the right balance between providing elegant solutions and time to market. Job Knowledge - We support your professional growth as well as encourage you to share your knowledge within the organization. Quality of Work - You care about what you do. Customer Centric - Keeping external and internal customers in mind at all times, constantly thinking “How will this affect customers I work with?” Communication - Not only accurately communicating a message, but being an active listener. This is key to our team-oriented environment. Respect - We believe respect is the basis of all relationships both inside and out. Reliability - Be someone your team can rely on to finish what you start. Integrity - Be honest and ethical in all of your relationships and decisions. Collaboration and Teamwork - Champion an environment that supports effective teamwork by earning the trust and respect of those around you Rapidly prototype new features in a React-based web application Influence design and user-experience of single-page applications Full-stack development and maintenance of our platform services built with Node.JS, React & Kubernetes Create and maintain microservices backed by document-based databases and GPU accelerated databases Maintain legacy Spotfire applications within the Macro Fundamentals team Contribute to scoping, estimating, and planning projects Debug, investigate and resolve bugs/customer issues Write unit, integration, and end-to-end tests Lead code reviews, API design reviews, or technical reviews of products Work with the product owner/manager on a daily basis Stay up to date on industry trends through self-study, research, online courses 5+ years of software development experience in building web applications Extensive experience with modern web application development tools and libraries Multiple years experience writing modern JavaScript (ES2015 and later) Knowledge and experience with one JavaScript-based bundler (we use webpack) Solid understanding of proper use and design of a micro-services architecture Understanding fundamental design principles behind building secure and scalable applications Working within a continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) Familiarity with OOP and Agile methodologies Comfortable managing source code using git (we use GitHub) Good understanding of data structure and algorithms Excellent communication and cross-functional collaboration skills Hands-on experience with Jest and/or React-testing-library Experience in data visualization, using Mapbox, D3, or other JavaScript-based libraries Experience with Python Experience with RDBMS Familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes Familiarity with MongoDB, PostgreSQL Familiarity with Git or equivalent Familiarity with Jira, Aha Familiarity with Azure Cloud services (or equivalent) Understanding of CI/CD Comfortable in a *nix like environment (Linux, OSX, Windows WSL2) Competitive salary Full benefits (healthcare, dental, vision, financial planning) A work environment with intelligent and capable co-workers where employee and company growth are equally prioritized 
ScrapedJobID787:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID788:
Work with a combination of C# (Winforms) and modern web technologies to design and develop new user-facing features Produce exemplary code and deliver completed projects on time Create and track project plans and convey status, issues and risks effectively Perform unit and system level testing on your application and all affected systems Work closely with customer-facing technical consultants to ensure that development efforts truly meet customer needs Work closely with technical leads to ensure effective coordination and integration between interrelated projects Play a key role in the development of best practices in software design, implementation, and coding standards Lead and mentor junior engineers Exceptional programming skills and grasp of software engineering principles and UI design patterns (MVVM, MVP, and Flux). Demonstrated success managing development projects end-to-end with significant ownership over technical decision-making. 5+ years developing front end applications using at least one industry-standard language (C#, JavaScript, or TypeScript) and framework (Winforms, WPF, Angular2+, React, or Vue). Experience in C# in developing front end applications. Bachelor’s or advanced certificate in STEM field or equivalent experience. Experience with both desktop AND web technologies a big plus. Experience with using Git version control. Familiarity with SQL and databases. Enterprise software experience or experience with financial software and/or financial trading is a plus. Experience with financial broker/exchange APIs (e.g. price feeds, order execution) a plus. 
ScrapedJobID789:
Develop and simplify code across the stack with a focus on frontend utilizing React Design and improve the code base with scalable & testable code Collaborate with product, design and the broader engineering team on features and functionality Evaluate product launch related use cases from a technical & customer perspective Participate in team meetings covering release and build roadmaps and be an active voice in the discussion Experience developing using React, Vue or Angular Deep experience building websites as part of a technical team Familiarity with object oriented languages commonly utilized to create solutions at scale (Java, Python, Scala, JavaScript, etc) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience Experience with applications that have crossed the threshold of 1M daily active users Demonstrated expertise in one aspect of web UI development: accessibility, localization, performance, functional testing, security and PCI compliance. Experience with e-commerce and/or payments Experience shipping third-party JavaScript libraries or web SDKs 
ScrapedJobID790:
Design and implement web and mobile application features Stay up to date with the latest front-end and full-stack development principles Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices, and standards Collaborate with product management and engineering team to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals and experience Conceptualize original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks Present and defend designs, key milestones, and deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders Participate in engineering discussions and activities relating to long-term technical initiatives B.Sc Computing Science, B.Eng Software Engineering, or equivalent 4+ years of experience developing front-end heavy applications with Angular or React An expert in Typescript, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Experience interfacing with RESTful APIs Being proactive and able to work independently on projects, with strong communication skills Experience developing back-end applications using Rails, MySQL or similar technologies Mobile app development experience using Ionic, React Native, Flutter or other technologies Agile methodology experience CI/CD and Automated Testing experience a plus Work with a dedicated team who thrive on learning from and mentoring each other All equipment you’ll need to do your job including a wearable sleep tracking device Great PTO and flexible working from home policy Quarterly company events and more 
ScrapedJobID791:
A web designer's job may involve managing more than one web design brief at a time and allocating the relevant amount of time according to the value of the job. Typical activities include: meeting with clients, project co-ordinator for account managers to discuss the marketing objectives and requirements of the job; Write the programming code, either from scratch or by adapting existing website software and graphics packages to meet business requirements Test the website and identify any technical problems Upload the site onto a server and register it with different search engines. Have skills in website and web application programming and graphic design have creativity and imagination be adaptable and able to pick up new techniques have good interpersonal and communication skills keep up to date with advances in computer technology and how this affects the business environment interpreting the client's business needs and developing a concept to suit their purpose; estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes for clients; developing design briefs by gathering information and data through research; thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts; using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time; presenting finalized ideas and concepts to clients or account managers; working with a wide range of media, including photography and videography; proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work; contributing ideas and design artwork to the overall brief; developing interactive design, UI and UX commissioning printers, illustrators, photographers, and videographers; working as part of a team with graphic designer, copywriters, photographers, stylists, illustrators, other designers, account executives, web developers and marketing specialists. Demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches or Adobe XD keeping abreast of emerging technologies and programming languages, such as HTML5, CSS, PHP, Mysql, Wordpress, J Query, BootStripe, Javascript. keeping abreast of emerging technologies in new media, particularly design programs such as Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Indesign, Acrobat, Dreamweaver and Flash; 2 years or more related experience Minimum: College Diploma Preferred: Associates Degree or Higher Language: English, Chinese Mandarin and Cantonese will be an asset. Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Overtime No 
ScrapedJobID792:
At least 3 years of professional experience in software engineering, including some experience with consumer web apps Experience developing, and implementing product features and improvements .Net experience preferred Familiarity with backend engineering techniques Excited to explore technologies, develop new skills, and share knowledge Flexible, pragmatic, and oriented toward finding solutions Experience working with microservice architecture a plus Familiarity with GraphQL a plus Ability to work with a distributed team (Toronto, New York City, Salt Lake City, Ukraine) Communicative, collaborative, and open-minded, with a track record of working cross-functionally 
ScrapedJobID793:
Work closely with product owners and R&D engineers to understand requirements and implement the required functionality. Understand the acceptance criteria and ensure top quality of your output, including meeting the functional and non-functional quality goals, unit test coverage and, when applicable, automated test coverage. Work collaboratively to creatively implement large features and partner with Product Managers, UX experts, Architects and QA to develop implementation plans with a focus on innovation, quality, sustainability, and delivering value to our clients. Learn and adopt cutting edge technologies and tools to build best-of-class enterprise SaaS solutions. The candidate should have excellent problem solving, debugging, analytical skills. The candidate is expected to have excellent communication skills. The candidate is expected to work under the supervision of your scrum master and technical leads. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent education 3-7 years of enterprise software product development experience, particularly with responsive mobile UI development 3 years of experience with Angular 2+/RxJS, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3 Experienced with Git and Jira Excellent communication skills Strong collaborative spirit Knowledge of web performance and speed/memory optimization techniques Experienced with test-driven software development (Cypress, Karma, Selenium) 
ScrapedJobID794:
Develop new functionality and workflows within our Variant product. Fix bugs and improve existing workflows in Variant. Maintain and improve upon the existing infrastructure utilized by Variant. Support internal business systems and develop new back-office applications. Support other members of the software development team with their projects, especially those that require web customization Strong knowledge in HTML/CSS, Javascript and TypeScript. Highly proficient with React (Hooks), NGINX, Node.JS and MongoDB. Expertise with Amazon Web Services including ECS (Fargate), S3, CodeBuild/CodePipeline and Cloudwatch. Technical proficiency with Terraform and Docker. Familiar with best practices related to development and security of web-based applications. Experience with Unit Testing. Eager to learn new products and technologies as necessary to support the development efforts. Exceptional communication skills, both verbally and written. Knowledge/Experience with PHP, NPM, Laravel, MySQL. Software development methodology (Agile, Scrum, or Waterfall) and experience with Git and JIRA. Experience with Autodesk CAD software and/or Autodesk Forge is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID795:
Play an integral role in the entire software development lifecycle including participation in design sessions, defining functional requirements, working with development teams and testing Work closely with Product Managers, Architects, User interaction designers, and QA engineers Collaborate in detailed software design, providing creativity and innovation Develop code to solve complex technical and business requirements that is reliable, innovative and scalable to meet current and future solutions Design, code, test (including automated unit tests), debug and optimize the UI Help develop test plans and author test cases wherever needed Anticipate and proactively mitigate issues that may introduce risk to the development lifecycle Mentor and support junior team members Build and deliver POC’s Participate in Agile development practices as part of the SDLC Follow Adlib development process guidance At least 5 - 10 years of experience in developing web-based applications, structures, algorithms, databases on industry standard operating systems Good knowledge and experience of designing and developing UI framework and components Expert in developing complex user interface components and interactions using Angular, HTML, CSS and TypeScript Good understanding of backend development using C#, Oracle, and MS SQL Comfortable building UIs with 3rd party SDKs Understanding of UI security vulnerabilities Experience of User Interface Performance tuning Resolves complex issues within own area of expertise and supports others in resolving issues Shows initiative and drives topics to resolution in a high level of quality, speed, reliability and efficiency Works closely together with others and shares expertise to ensure product success Enhances skills beyond own core functional focus and works on other tasks for the benefit of the team Ability to obtain advanced overall product and technical knowledge and share this expertise within and across team and organization Has advanced knowledge of development processes and product standards Strong grasp of unit, integration and end-to-end test development Good communication skills Good understanding of deployment environments, configuration of applications and change management principles Above all, you should have an open mind. As a senior developer in our team, you need to be eager to develop application software for the Cloud Fitness reimbursement RRSP matching No limit vacation Extended maternity and paternity leave Employee assistance programs, and much more 
ScrapedJobID796:
Demonstrated experience using modern website development languages, frameworks, and coding techniques (Javascript, CSS, and HTML knowledge required) Show experience maintaining responsive websites that look great in both mobile and desktop environments Extensive understanding of GIT, SASS, and LESS is a plus Strong customer service ethic Outstanding written and oral communication skills at both technical and end-user levels to provide customer-oriented assistance in a professional manner. A collaborative team environment working closely with skilled designers, web developers, database engineers, software engineers, and web communications experts Career development opportunities with exposure to world-class co-workers, Fortune 100 & 500 clients, web technologies, and business contacts. 
ScrapedJobID797:
Full stack C# / Angular /React Must have hands-on experience with Angular 8 or above Expertise across JavaScript, HTML and CSS Strong UI development experience Experience with Github Back-end development experience Skilled in t-SQL Visual Studio and SQL management Studio commonly used design patterns and multi-threading working in an Agile development team TDD/BDD and its practical implementation Dependency Injection An understanding of version control SVN & GIT An understanding of continuous integration and continuous delivery Other object-oriented design languages and methodologies (Java, C/C++) Test automation tools Python Excel / VBA development MS SQL Server database Previous significant experience as a developer in an investment banking environment BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Degree in finance 8 hour shift Angular: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID798:
A curious and fast learner; Able to translate business needs to technical requirements and implementation; A team player interested to be part of a senior team of talented developers; Opened to learn new software development processes, like test-driven developing or domain-driven design; Motivated by challenges and new opportunities including learning technologies, products and platforms like IBM WebSphere Application Server, MQ, Bluemix, Jenkins, IBM Mobile First Platform. Participate in all design sessions and provides technical leadership (including technical decisions, technology recommendations, defining standards, leading POCs, and mentoring developers); Work with project sponsors during the project planning phase to understand the requirements in order to define and solution design that meets the business and technical needs of the client; Define the strategy and overall vision for solutions. Provide complete solution designs that consider cost, performance, scalability, reusability, and extensibility; Document application requirements, technical specifications, use-cases, workflow processes; Occasionally conduct research and Proofs of Concept on new technologies and applications; Mentor and develop skills of other members of the team. Collaborate with other development and integration team members to ensure Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) Integration technologies are properly implemented and maintained; Actively be involved in the functional and technical discussion with the client; Perform estimations based on industry widely known of project specific methods and tools; Create and deliver technical design, solution architecture and perform product integration (including unit testing, integration and system tests); Actively be involved in all the project phases: analysis, design, implementation, test/acceptance. At least 5 years experience in Angular, Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices & System Design/Frameworks knowledge is a plus At least 3 years experience in SQL (MySql, Oracle), NoSql(MongoDB), Eclipse/Rational Application Design/Rational Software Architect/STS4 Tools: JIRA, GIT, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Continuous Integration Strong Front-end Development Experience desired with Angular6+ (more recent frameworks is preferred) Experience in Object Oriented design and/or development. Experience in AngularJs MV* Framework experience a plus jQuery and/or equivalent javascript development experience is desired. Familiarity with front end frameworks and technologies such as Angular, Backbone, Twitter Bootstrap, SASS or LESS is a plus. Should be strong in JBOSS & Core Java; Cloud experience is a plus. Should have good exposure to Maven; Continuous Integration Self-starter; able to work in team Pro-active with good communication skills Should have solid development background , hands-on and proven ability to deliver quality on time and on budget Provide Status reporting to stakeholders on a regular basis Coordinate with stakeholders for issue resolution Strong analytical skills Agile methodology. Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; 
ScrapedJobID799:
Help transform workplace experiences. Through our Indoor Intelligence and mobile app solutions, we can help make workplaces safer and smarter as we return to work. Help people easily navigate complex indoor spaces. We provide developers with the tools to add geospatially accurate maps to mobile and web applications. Our CMS, SDKs and APIs enable users to build and manage scalable, map-enabled apps that create and bring indoor maps to apps to power multiple location-based use cases such as indoor navigation, asset tracking, proximity messaging, business intelligence and more. Create smart indoor spaces through location awareness. We provide industry-leading RTLS products that are used to provide accurate and actionable location data making indoor spaces more productive, cost-effective and safe. Manage cybersecurity. With precise indoor positioning and wide spectrum RF detection, we can detect devices, control applications in secured zones through integration with Mobile Device Management, and uphold best practices, security policies and compliance in government, pharmaceutical, and financial agencies managing sensitive work environment. Optimize resources allocation. Through any number of our product features, we manage, prioritize, and control the way spaces are used and accessed. Whether it's staff allocation in retail space, managing temperature and electricity consumption in a workspace, we improve space utilization. The roadmap. You will play a critical role in optimizing our SDKs and building new features that clients can customize and integrate into their products. You will collaborate with product, design, and development teams both inside and outside the company to plan new functionality. Our clients. You will proactively or reactively solve client issues and support integrations, pain points, and improvements. You will hold yourself accountable as a collaborative team member for reliable quality code accessed by applications and developers all over the world. Exceptional standards through collaboration. You will maintain the integrity of the software by asking questions. You will introduce best practices, ensuring contributions to the SDK provide long-term sustainability. The technical expertise. You have a Computer Science or Engineering degree, or you may have earned your skills in an alternate way. You have worked in a CI/CD environment and have a strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) design principles. You have 3+ years of experience using modern Javascript build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc.), React and backend technologies (Node.js, SQL, Rest APIs, etc.). You have worked with at least one testing framework, and you have exposure to cloud architecture in GCP. Exposure to SDKs is a definite plus but not a mandatory requirement. An Agile team approach. You have experience working within an Agile Scrum or Kanban environment. You are committed to your team, have outstanding collaboration skills, and have the ability to prioritize. You believe in writing good, readable, maintainable, and long-lasting code. You have experience with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty. Armed with excellent refactoring techniques, you work effectively with legacy code. A depth of practical knowledge. You understand how developers think and what modern end-users want, and you use that knowledge to enhance our SDK structure. You are always ready to brainstorm a solution that provides easy-to-use functionality for every situation. The accountability. You care about ownership, and you proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug. You are not afraid of changes. You are a good communicator. You can present complicated solutions to non-technical audiences simply and logically. 
ScrapedJobID800:
In response to COVID19, we’ve been operating in a blended virtual and in-office arrangement. We consider everyone’s situation based on their health, family obligations, the business needs and Government mandates for working from home. We’re rolling out a hybrid model where you can spend up to half your time working from home, and the other half (or more if you prefer) working in the office. We have a proven track record of respecting individual needs for uninterrupted focus mixed with meaningful periods of collaboration. We believe this is the best strategy for continuing to build on our successes. When we’re in the office, we collaborate knowing that our surroundings are cleaned vigorously every day and there are spacious private cubicles to give us the physical distance to feel comfortable. Capture requirements, design, develop, code, and integrate applications for web deployments. Understand library development patterns, and also consider when to leverage existing libraries. Create production-quality web applications with Angular 2+, NodeJS and PL/SQL (Oracle) with a bit of Linux flavouring thrown into the mix. Assess the impact of proposed solutions across both the stack and external systems, then make any necessary tweaks to ensure a successful deployment. Spot opportunities to optimize our existing or proposed solutions with better designs, coding practices, and techniques. Build functional and scalable API endpoints. Implement sleek OOD using next-gen web framework. Ever-conscious of and dedicated to documenting ideas and communicating your design across teams so everyone is working towards the same goal. UX knowledge for creating intuitive, functional UI’s for a web-based product. Aptitude for crafting wireframe layouts at lightning speed. Obsessed with the details, adding professional polish to every aspect of the product’s visualizations. Own the quality of the code you write, performing unit testing, supporting functional and integration testing on code and participating in tricky bug fixes. Set the tone for coding and documentation standards and championing best practices. Be a customer hero, participating in the deployment of software into the customer’s factory or tool automation systems. Troubleshoot issues reported from the customer site, employing all of your code sleuthing tactics to discover the root causes of the most obscure bugs. Acquire domain knowledge deploying solutions that assist factory automation systems. Effectively navigate and efficiently map undiscovered code-spaces, bringing calm order to the unstructured project areas that long for the clarity of mission that’s native to an object-oriented programmer. Work with a team currently operating in an Agile environment. Be an active voice in sprint planning with the team and daily stand-ups. Collaborate with other developers, software developers and QA team to create solutions. Collaborate with the customer development team to resolve production roadblocks. Interact with customers, your team, management, and factory engineers. Manage change processes and create alignment within teams and with customers. Work flexible hours or overtime as needed. Post-secondary education in a technical field (Bachelor of Computer Science, Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Software Programming Diploma, or similar). Three to four-year undergraduate degree and diploma programs are preferred. Co-op programs with applicable software development work terms are a bonus and can be considered as part of your work experience in the section below. 4+ solid years of working experience in web application design and demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly. Experience developing web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks or libraries is required, where Angular 2+ and NodeJS are the preferred combination. Expertise with React, Bootstrap, Vue, Ember, ASP.NET, Spring, Express, Knockout, Jasmine, Laravel, Ruby and the like may also be considered. Excellent grasp of principles of HTML5, CSS/LESS/SCSS design and vanilla JavaScript. Working knowledge of developing with relational or NoSQL databases required, PL/SQL is preferred. Basics hands-on exposure to developing apps for Linux (any of its flavours: Redhat, Ubuntu, CentOS, etc), Unix or similar will speed up your ramp. Front-end and back-end design, development, testing, and deployment. Professional experience developing customer-facing, ERP, or line of business web applications or component libraries. Mechanical aptitude as you will be developing for a highly scalable manufacturing environment. Keen troubleshooting skills with strong attention to detail. Excellent English communication skills, with the ability to effectively interact with customers and teammates whether it’s face to face, on a video call, phone call or email. High commitment to success, ability to multitask within tight deadlines, and a professional demeanor are assumed. Show us samples of your web development skills in PDFs, links to GitHub or personal portfolio sites or whatever else works. We realize that not every business uses the same technology – we understand that skills are transferrable. If you don’t have the depth of experience with the exact tech we listed but you’re a powerhouse with something similar, tell us about it! You’ll be considered. Submit your resume, cover letter, and transcripts. Hybrid work from home arrangements, with up to 50% at home. Work in an atmosphere filled with challenges, fun and food! We have mentors who are willing to provide coaching and answer your questions or point you in the right direction, plus an orientation plan with the tools and skills you need to create the career trajectory you desire. Profit sharing and full disclosure Communications Meetings. We recognize the great people we grow by promoting from within. We like flex hours! We give to the community by raising a lot of money for local charities which our CEO matches! Education opportunities large (academic programs) and small (online subscriptions) plus support for professional memberships (e.g. P.Eng). We have a referral program that offers a CASH incentive when your referral is hired and again a year later if you are both still with us. Workstations that provide ergonomic comfort and cube walls for times when we have to concentrate, plus whiteboards for when we need to collaborate. 
ScrapedJobID801:
Develop features for our flagship SaaS Liaise with Product Owners, UX Designers, and your team members to effectively execute on a vision Assist and mentor the developers on your team, ensuring high quality results get delivered on-time Perform code reviews, lead by example, keep up with technology trends, and maintain a high bar for quality for your team Bring clarity to the team, ensuring everyone knows what the goals are and how they will be achieved in the sprint. If you think something is unrealistic, we want to hear about it up front. Have a degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Have very strong knowledge of JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Have strong knowledge of Angular 2+. Have strong knowledge of TypeScript and SASS. Have a deep understanding of asynchronous code patterns. Have experience with contemporary unit testing and end-to-end testing frameworks. Have an eye for good UX design and can constructively critique proposed UX designs. Have experience using Jira, Git and NPM. Embrace contemporary Agile and DevOps methodologies. Experience delivering cloud-based solutions is an asset. Familiarity with Node.js is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID802:
Collaborate with a small yet extraordinarily talented team of engineers to implement front-end technologies Develop new user-facing features using React.js Work closely with the Design and Product teams to translate complex technical workflows into delightful user experiences Define how Fulfil builds user interfaces and ensure that we’re utilizing and keeping up with modern web standards Continually test, measure, and iterate on the results of your work in the spirit of continuous improvement Write clean, reusable, and well-tested front-end code Help to bridge the responsibilities of the Product and Engineering teams, spending time with both on the way to launching new products Architect efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems that drive complex web applications Build and contribute to open source projects Build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers 5+ years of experience as an engineer Experience in building large-scale web applications in a fast-moving team environment A strong understanding of UX and UI design standards The perfectionist’s touch on a pragmatist’s deadline: you strive for pixel-perfection and intuitive functionality Strong proficiency in JavaScript (2-4 Years of experience), including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles, with experience in popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc The ability to bring any design to life with HTML and CSS, with cross browser compatibility and accessibility Smarts, humility, communication skills, and equal willingness to teach and learn Familiarity with RESTful and GraphQL APIs Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token Experience in developing large client side JavaScript applications Familiarity with code versioning tools like GIT Experience with Javascript testing tools and test automation Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/Software company Demonstrated work beyond the front-end, experienced in integrating with a wide array of back-end technologies and services (e.g. experience with Python, AngularJS) Experience developing large client-side applications and optimizing them for performance You can straddle client and server development, creating APIs that drive web apps You understand the intricacies of timezones Web optimization, performance tools, and load testing You maintain or contribute to an open-source project 
ScrapedJobID803:
Consistently create well-designed, tested code using best practices for website development, including mobile and responsive site design, as well as cross-browser compatibility Create websites and user interfaces, using standard HTML/CSS practices, while incorporating data from back-end databases and services Create and maintain workflows with teams to provide visibility and to ensure workload balance for consistent visual designs Maintain updated knowledge of new and emerging industry trends and technology Meet regularly with business stakeholders and management to understand and refine business and functional requirements, and determine project scopes and specifications Develop and maintain strategic operational systems, tools, processes and documentation, including participation in tactical and strategic development projects Ensure software stability via regression, support quality assurance, and perform unit and user-acceptance testing or test automation to identify bugs and ensure production operations run successfully Work quickly and carefully to complete small edits requested by customers, develop plans for completing larger projects, collaborate with colleagues, and suggest new solutions to improve existing web properties Perform UI designs and coding, creating reusable objects and templates, wireframes for web pages and email templates; manage maintenance, updates, expansions and scaling of each design Commit code to repository early and often, following GIT branching best practices Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or related field Minimum 4 years’ experience in planning and developing websites in an Agile environment using a Scrum framework or similar across multiple products and organizations Working knowledge of web applications, programming languages, and web services, such as CSS, CSS3, cross-browser compatibility, HTML, HTML5, JavaScript, Vue, React, Node, JQuery Experience creating and consuming restful and SOAP-based API’s Strong experience and expertise in Software Design (MVC, MVP or Viper) and experience with writing automated UI and unit tests (BDD) Proficiency with content management systems, including WordPress or HubSpot Proficiency in tagging and events tracking using Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager Dedication to innovative, sophisticated designs and collaborative problem solving Outstanding organizational and multi-tasking capabilities Excellent communication and collaboration skills Experience managing Linux-based web server Experience with eCommerce, including Shopify Proven success in a project coordination role Experience with HubSpot CMS and Marketing tools Agency experience and/or experience working in SaaS application organizations 
ScrapedJobID804:
Build greenfield financial applications alongside your Adaptive colleagues Use the latest technology to create elegant and robust solutions Contribute to building and releasing quality software on time Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts Participate in a test-driven, agile environment Keep up to date with the developments in technology and quickly adapt to them to achieve better results Extensive client-side development experience, gained while building single-page web applications Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures Proficiency in user-interface technologies in addition to JavaScript, eg HTML5 and CSS3; and in React.js Practical knowledge of web tooling such as Webpack, NPM, Yarn, Gulp and PostCSS Understanding of ES6 and newer ES specifications Proficient with Chrome developer tools, including knowing how to diagnose and fix performance issues Experience of working on front office systems Language: English (fluent) Working with distributed teams TypeScript, Rx.js, Redux Event-driven APIs Real time trading experience Strong desire to raise the bar for your team technically Tenacious, curious, and collaborative in all aspects of your work A quick learner with excellent communication skills No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance and Friday beers 
ScrapedJobID805:
Web development (4+ years) Angular or React development (4+ years) TypesScript (2-3 years) Java development (4+ years) Strong CSS skills Attention to detail Disciplined Strong verbal and writing skills Experience with: SpringBoot, NgRx, RxJS, Material Design Secret security clearance Relational Database experience Strong UX design skills Knowledge of git Knowledge of SAFe Agile process Military domain knowledge Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Angular: 3 years (required) TypeScript: 2 years (required) Java: 3 years (required) Government of Canada Security Clearance (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID806:
As a member of an Integrations team you will participate in building products related to Cloudbeds integrations with third party platforms. On a daily basis, you will implement features and improvements in React.js, Vue.js, and Javascript. You’ll help lead discussions on complex technical concepts and requirements with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. You will write clean, well-tested, well-documented, and beautiful code. 5+ years of web application development experience. A good product sense and the ability to empathize with our customers. Strong knowledge of multiple front end JS frameworks, Vue.js, React, Angular, etc. Strong knowledge of modern Javascript design patterns, best practices and technologies Experience with API-first design and development Strong teamwork, leadership, and time management skills Experience with test-driven development, and is willing and able to contribute to writing automated tests Excellent problem solving and debugging skills. Passionate about agile practices and continuous improvement. Business level English fluency required (verbal and written skills). Knowledge of modern programming languages (PHP, Java, Python). Experience working with PHP (Codeigniter) and/or JAVA (Springboot). Experience working with desktop applications in JS (Node, Electron, etc) Experience working with a remote-first and globally distributed team. Experience with Atlassian products [JIRA/Confluence/BitBucket] Fastest Growing Companies | Inc. 500 (2018 & 2019) Best Places to Work | Inc Magazine (2017 & 2018) Best Places to Work | HotelTechReport (2018, 2019, 2020, 2021) Start-Ups to Watch | Forbes (2018) Best Startup Employers | Forbes (2020) Technology Fast 500 | Deloitte (2019, 2020, 2021) Top 100 North America | Red Herring (2020) Connect MIP Award (Technology) 
ScrapedJobID807:
Build and use production-deployed frontend components Shape and integrate with domain-driven REST APIs Work closely with product and the data team to ensure we are tracking metrics to enable product iterations Collect technical, product, and design requirements for current and future projects Work with design, product, and business functions on new projects and efforts Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience building and maintaining a complex set of systems Experience working with product leads to deliver on time and target Experience shaping and integrating with domain-driven APIs 
ScrapedJobID808:
Implementing new OTTO Motors fleet applications, including creating technical design documents, technical architecture and application development. Supporting and maintaining existing OTTO Motors fleet applications, including adding new features, implementing design changes and resolving bugs. Supporting product management with technical product management tasks Investigating new technologies and products that will better allow us to provide top tier solutions for our customers 1-3 years of related experience Experience writing HTML5/JavaScript based applications that interface with back-end REST and WebSocket endpoints. Using web frameworks and tools such as React, Angular, webpack, npm/yarn Working directly with designers to implement pixel-perfect user interfaces Comfortable in a bash terminal on Unix based systems Implementing user interfaces that must work on both desktop and mobile platforms Writing development documentation and using source control and build systems. Working in a collaborative environment, interfacing with other team members regularly, sharing knowledge via diagrams, discussion, and examples Server-side development using NodeJS or Python, implementing API's and supporting services Experience with ROS / Robotics Systems Writing installable mobile applications, using web or native technologies Implementing web-based mapping technologies Industrial integration experience, communicating with PLCs or OPC/UA servers C++ / Python experience 
ScrapedJobID809:
Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience working on the backend? Web Design/development: 7 years (required) React: 3 years (required) HTML/CSS/JS: 5 years (preferred) Java: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID810:
Pro-actively engage with the development teams to define the product features, specifications and requirements. Research on existing web technologies to design and implement for the product (JavaScript/Typescript, CSS3/CSS Framework, React/AngularJS). Design and development of web-based network management applications from high level architecture and network infrastructure to low level creation of site layout, user experience, database schema, data structure, workflow, graphics, unit testing, end to end integration testing, etc. Work across functionally with product team and other development teams to ensure complete coverage of features, scalability and capabilities of the product’s thin client requirement. Serve as the subject matter expert for both internal network engineers and outside customers. BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience. 3+ years of experience with web development. Expertise working with large-scale front-end codebases. Solid understanding of JavaScript/Typescript language with latest specs Solid understanding of OOP, FP, MVC/MVVM. Familiar with at least one web framework (React/AngularJS/Angular). Hands-on experience in writing cross-browser compliant HTML5 & CSS3. Hands-on experience in HTML graphic programming (canvas, WebGL) and supporting libraries (ex. Go.js, D3, Paper.js). Familiar with client-side performance tuning. Familiar with at least one server-side language, such as C#, Java a plus. Fluent in Mandarin. 
ScrapedJobID811:
Create well-designed and reusable code with strong problem-solving skills while following established corporate standards and requirements documentation. Coordinate with colleagues to ensure the website's performance and design are maintained effectively to satisfy the internal and external needs. Review requirements documentation and provide feedback. Identify and help facilitate the resolution of design issues. Continuous learning & development. Publish materials to various online tools (e.g., Discovery Tool, Help, etc.). Propose appropriate and creative solutions to problems discovered during development. Other duties as assigned. Portfolio of previous work samples Minimum of College Diploma in Computer Science, Web Development, Digital Design, or related discipline. Minimum of 2 years’ experience in web programming, front-end development, or similar role Previous experience in visual/graphics design and/or E-Learning is a great plus. Good intuition for modern website design/layouts and the ability to implement them. Ability to interpret complex requests and implement them based on an aggressive timeline Familiarity with HTML, CSS, PHP, and JavaScript Adequate knowledge of relational database systems and web application development Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Working experience with WordPress and Adobe Suite Ability to work on multiple tasks independently with little direction Proficiency with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Publisher Experience with development work in Java is a plus. Familiarity with E-Learning authoring applications (Storyline, Captivate, Lectora, etc.) and LMS is a great asset. 
ScrapedJobID812:
You will help to design and build a maintainable UI / UX front end product with an agile squad You’ll participate in Architecture discussions, be part of the messaging on the work planned, and breaking down the work so the squad can deliver in a team-oriented culture. You’ll be expected to support the Development Manager, leading by example within the squad, ensuring the squad books meetings, facilitating to break barriers. You’ll be expected to keep up to date with best practices and help mentor the squad to embrace better ways of making software. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your "stamp" as we are undergoing expansion and transformation plans. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, Facilitate the design discussions for the features your Agile squad undertakes Keep your team’s technical architecture documentation up to date and are able to quickly generate any integration architectures into your system Develop a robust front-end architecture with Angular Driving cross-team projects requiring collaboration Provide mentorship to the other developers on your team through your development, code reviews, and having them lead the design, documentation, and other initiatives as appropriate Able to quickly learn and master new technologies Drive operational excellence by identifying and eliminating persistent root causes for problems that affect your customers and team. Represent your team when working with Team Leads, Product, Design, and all other external stakeholders Own features from design through to implementation Front end development experience (Angular, Typescript) Single-Page Application experience Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience Еxtensive web and enterprise development experience Passion for designing new features. Passion for software and continuous learning Good communication skills Strong OOP skills, advocate for code quality, Design Patterns, and SOLID principles Agile Experience Working with scalable backends (microservices, REST API) Experience working with and maintaining large codebases Experience working with and maintaining microservices Knowledge of accounting and auditing concepts Our People Make Us Great Bias to Action Pushing the Boundaries Driven by Customer Success Benefits from Day 1 5 weeks of personal time a year: 3 weeks vacation + 8 personal days + office is closed from X-mas to New Year! A platform with global reach - you will be making an impact on the lives of people across the globe. Complicated problems, interesting challenges on front-end, and a lot of cutting-edge software development. Lots of growth opportunities (management & architecture) for the people who make us great. 
ScrapedJobID813:
Design, build and deploy features end to end. You are responsible for breaking down high level features into tasks that can ship to prod. Code quickly and test thoroughly - Maintain the balance between velocity and code health. Work on a team - Collaborate with other engineers to design and architect features. Know when to ask for help when you are stuck. Write well-documented, clean, testable code 3+ years experience of working on React web frontend development Significant experience with markup languages, JavaScript, CSS and jQuery Excellent understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Knowledge of browser testing and debugging Excellent analytical and multitasking skills with an ability to perform well in a dynamic environment BSc degree in Computer Science or other relevant area 
ScrapedJobID814:
NodeJS/Javascript Experience with React (React Native an asset) Supported and built applications beyond the prototype stage Ability to flow chart and design architectures Ability to troubleshoot Git and source code management required skills and knowledge English and Chinese both are required Overtime pay 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID815:

ScrapedJobID816:

ScrapedJobID817:
Great at building responsive and user-friendly single-page applications in React, Flux, ES7, Redux, Webpack, HTML5, CSS, SCSS, LESS, etc. Solid experience in other frameworks and javascript to meet the 3+ years requirement is fine. Build tools like Gulp, Webpack, Babel, NPM, etc. Testing tools like Mocha, Sinon, Chai Excellent bootstrap and CSS knowledge. Understand how to debug hard problems in HTTP, XHR, JSON, CORS, SSL, S3, etc. Willing to get involved in some back-end work with NodeJS, Koa, Heroku, SQL, etc. Possess some Photoshop and/or Illustrator pixel fu. Be passionate about UX design. See things from a user’s point of view, and figure out the best UI for them. Able to reduce complex user interaction flows into crystal clear user interfaces. Good understanding of common user interface patterns and pitfalls. Knowledge of other languages is a huge plus. Java, python, ruby, etc. Back-end development knowledge is also a plus. While you won’t be required to work in the back-end, it will help to understand the code to help us improve the API for 3rd party devs. Be able to develop Chrome plugins, WordPress extensions, etc. to expand the reach of our tools. 
ScrapedJobID818:
Graduated (or will be graduating) between 2020 and September 2022 Have an Associate’s Degree, College Diploma, Bachelor’s Degree, or Master’s Degree (Exception: The Associates Program does not accept MBA or PhD candidates/graduates) Have maximum 2 years of full-time, professional work experience Are within commuting distance of Montreal/Toronto/Calgary/Ottawa, with flexibility to travel 80-100% of the time Are fluent in the English and French language, both written and verbal Are eligible to work in Canada without current or future need for visa sponsorship Montreal Toronto Calgary Ottawa Work in an agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements and design, code, and test innovative applications Use IBM Enterprise Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience, along with high performance, security, quality, and stability Create everything from mock-ups and UI components to algorithms and data structures as you deliver a minimally viable product Define, detail, and scope technical requirements into solution architecture and drive independent projects from an architectural standpoint Integrate software packages, programs, and reusable objects residing on multiple platforms Help maintain and improve code quality, organization, and automation Demonstrated programming proficiency and experience with at least one programming language, preferably Java or JavaScript Experience with systems design and development Knowledge of software development lifecycle Flexibility to work across architecture, building both front-end and back-end Knowledge of modern web and mobile frameworks (e.g. Angular, React.js, Node.js, iOS Swift, Android) Exposure to Cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud) is an asset Exposure to deploying applications with container technology (e.g. Docker) and container orchestration technology (e.g. Kubernetes, RedHat OpenShift) is an asset Ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions Ability to thrive in an ever-changing, technology-based consulting environment, using agile development techniques 
ScrapedJobID819:
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and tested code Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle Be a productive member of an inclusive team where pairing and peer reviewed code are valued Follow best practices (continuous integration, SCRUM, refactoring, and code standards) Drive continuous adoption and integration of relevant new technologies into design Engineer documented, scalable, and secure APIs from deprecated legacy code 3+ years Ruby development experience 3+ years of experience with Ruby web frameworks(ex: Rails or Rack) Proven work experience in a software development team Demonstrable knowledge of front-end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 Passion for writing great, simple, clean, efficient code Workable knowledge of relational databases(ex: MySQL, Postgres) BS/MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Knowledge of version control, such as Git Vue.js and Jest testing framework SASS experience IoT Technologies Familiarity with Docker Use of code quality tools (ex: RuboCop) An opportunity to help build a company dedicated to children’s safety The chance to join an innovative and dedicated team, focused on leading edge technology Competitive salary and benefits package Seniority Level Industry Public Safety Employment Type Job Functions Engineering Information 8 hour shift Ruby: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID820:
5+ Years of Angular/Typescript/Node JavaScript Experience 10+ Years of Development experience Experience in developing UI applications using latest web UI framework such as AngularJS and NodeJS Demonstrates experience in Restful WebServices Demonstrated experience with Javascript Demonstrates Web design and development experience, including Hyper Text Mark-up Language (HTML), Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (AJAX), Cascade Style Sheets (CSS); Connectivity/Structured Query Language (JDBC/SQL) Experience with different presentation and server side frameworks such as Struts, Spring, Enterprise Java Beans (EJB), and Java Persistence Application Programming Interface (JPA) Experience with developing IBM ODM (Operational Decision Manager) based complex applications Demonstrates experience with SOA design and development, with strong emphasis on WSDL, Web Services and Rest Services Demonstrates experience with IBM WebSphere Demonstrates experience with Jasper reports and PDF development 10+ years of experience with the design and development of common utility components using JEE Demonstrates experience with the systems development life cycle from analysis and design, development and coding, acceptance testing, and implementation Experience in interfacing with relational databases utilizing Java Working knowledge of the Agile development methodology Public Sector Web Modernization experience 
ScrapedJobID821:
Displays extensive knowledge of programming languages (Javscript, Go) including In-depth knowledge of the frameworks/libraries (React, Redux, HAPI, AWS) used by the team Develops new user-facing features, from the database all the way up to the browser Identifies issues up front and remediates them quickly and efficiently; rarely anything more than minor mistakes Proficient at performing peer code review and providing succinct and relevant feedback in this area Optimizes applications for maximum speed and scalability Actively participate in prioritization with Product and the team Write and maintain database schema, queries and procedures Solution, Implement and Maintain Cloud Systems and Infrastructure Measures of Success: clean and efficient code, ability to stay within scope/specifications, on-time delivery of application 2-5+ years of experience with front end development (including ES2015/16 JavaScript, CSS, modern frameworks, etc.) 2-5+ years of experience with back end development (including Node.js, Postgres, Redis, etc.) Bachelor’s degree or Post-Secondary Certification (College, Bootcamp) in computer science and/or engineering or equivalent experience A passion for creating great content and developing extraordinary software Exceptional analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills Security of code is always top of mind * * * * * * 
ScrapedJobID822:
Developing innovative approaches, techniques, and solutions in the areas of Automation, Performance Engineering, Continuous Testing, Chaos Engineering, Continuous Delivery, Service Virtualization, Shift Left, BDD, TDD, etc. Becoming an expert in testing best practices and developing Infrastructure, API and Load Testing solutions with industry standards and help the team to advance a strong left shift culture Designing and creating robust automated test scripts to simulate our customers use cases and collaborate with the developers to ensure there is sufficient integration and regression test cases. You will establish detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans which are streamlined for automation. Collaborate effectively with peer engineers and architects to solve complex problems spanning their respective areas to deliver end-to-end quality in our technology and customer experience Manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, continually changing environment. Research emerging test tools, trends and methodologies and enhance existing systems and processes. Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer science or related field preferred Must have knowledge and experience working with Docker, Kubernetes, GCP or AWS 3+ years' experience in QA role with automation responsibilities Experience using tools, frameworks, and languages like JavaScript, Python, Java, Cypress, Cucumber, Mocha, JMeter, Jenkins, GitHUB, New Relic, etc. Must have previous hands-on experience implementing an automation framework of front-end, back-end, Load testing and REST API services/applications You have excellent communication skills and the ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences You're a team player as well as self-starter who needs little supervision. You have the ability to use independent judgment to plan, prioritize and organize a diversified workload Comfortable working in a fast-paced and agile environment Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO): we take this very seriously as we care about the well-being of our employees Healthcare: 90% premium coverage for medical, dental and vision for you and your family Additional: Health and DC FSA, Life insurance, with options for STD, LTD Retirement Plan: match up to 1% of annual salary for 401k or RRSP contributions Education Stipend: $1k annual education & development benefit Perk card: $150 per month towards health, wellness, and other perks via Assembly Cell Phone: $50 per month stipend towards cell phone reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID823:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Sourcing IT inventory and machine data in a timely manner. Storing the data in scalable repositories. Providing analytics tools to analyze and derive insights from the data. Providing data access APIs so that other applications can consume the data and insights. A minimum of 5 experience in back-end and front-end development Strong core Java programming skills (multithreading, asynchronous programming) Strong knowledge of Unix/Linux fundamentals Strong knowledge of software architecture principles Strong knowledge of best practices of software engineering Knowledge of Angular and Material Design Experience working with relational databases. Track record of building, delivering and maintaining enterprise level applications Good communication skills Strong problem solving skills Data Modelling and Data Analysis skills Knowledge of systems software / hardware, networks and operating systems. Knowledge of Python and Shell Programming Experience with business intelligence concepts and tools Experience with data science and machine learning frameworks Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID824:
Help plan product features and initiatives by providing a design perspective Create mockups and HTML prototypes for websites and mobile apps Work with developers to implement these designs as dynamic websites and apps using HTML, CSS, and Javascript Design real world promotional and marketing materials including business cards, tshirts, posters, product packaging, etc Create short animations and video for advertising and marketing purposes Update and maintain existing web content Capture requirements, create documentation, and communicate with stakeholders Portfolio that demonstrates your ability in both graphic and web design Degree or Diploma in Digital Graphic Design or a related discipline Three or more years of Javascript, CSS, and HTML targeting web, tablet, and mobile browsers using responsive web design Good interactive design sense: the ability to design and implement web and mobile elements utilizing modern UI/UX principles with minimal guidance Experienced in building wireframes and site/app prototyping Experienced in using Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) and other industry-standard graphic design applications Video Editing and Animation experience (Adobe Premier, After Effects) Understanding of the importance of designing to meet business and project objectives Strong conceptual skills, an eye for detail, and the ability to take a project from inception to completion Experience with version control Comfort with start-up environments; You’re nimble in your thinking, and you understand how quickly priorities can shift in a startup environment Health, Dental, and Medical Benefits Friendly and collaborative environment Hours: 10-6pm- miss the rush-hour traffic! 
ScrapedJobID825:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and mobile development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 years’ as a front end JavaScript developer 2 years’ experience with Typescript, React.js and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience with building mobile apps in React Native Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID826:
Perform configuration development and release management for the Oracle Insurance Policy Administration (OIPA) system Maintain and grow insurance industry and technical knowledge competencies Collaborate with configuration team, technical team and business analysts to ensure OIPA system is configured to achieve the system behavior defined by the business requirements Participate in self-directed learning - specifically in configuration syntax and Insurance Business Knowledge Analyze and resolve basic problems to maintain data integrity, process integrity, and system performance Work in a client service context, involving client interactions at various levels Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Actuarial studies; and/or equivalent job experience Strong analytical thinking, organizational and problem-solving skills Strong mathematical skills and attention to detail Familiarity with XML, SQL and relational/entity databases, and MS Office Suite (Excel, Word, and Visio) Understanding of system design and development processes Strong written and oral communication skills in French and English Ability to deliver high-quality projects on time and within scope Positive attitude with the ability to work in an ever-changing environment Inquisitive and proactive approach with an ability to work independently and a desire to continuously learn new skills and technologies Ability to take initiative and be a solution seeker Ability to thrive in a team environment and develop excellent relationships with others 1-3 years of experience working with the OIPA platform and/or equivalent job experience Knowledge of computer system capabilities, business processes and workflow Some exposure to SDLC (Waterfall, Agile, etc.) Product knowledge of insurance and/or annuity products Knowledge of software testing best practices Competitive compensation & comprehensive benefits packages Flexible work schedules Collaborative and modern work spaces Access to an online learning platform Career development up to your ambitions Various social activities throughout the year including a summer BBQ, an amazing Christmas party and numerous happy hours! 
ScrapedJobID827:
Participate in all regular software development activities Translate designs into high quality Android base Java code, or C++ Participate in maintenance of existing codes and bug fixes Participate in code, and test case reviews Provide clear and complete documentation based on the definition of the software development process Co-work with team members in software development activities using the Scrum/Agile development process Enrolled in a Computer and Software Engineering, Computer Science or related program, and in your 4th year of study or Master student Eligible to work full-time (40 hours per week) in Canada, and for 8-month term (2 consecutive semesters) starting January 2022 Knowledge of Android ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks, design principles, Jetpack architecture, and interface guidelines Good understanding of TCP/IP protocols Development experience with Java and script language (Python, JS) Strong organizational, problem solving, and analytical skills Highly adaptable with the ability to work independently and in a team environment Able and willing to work Remote from home while COVID-19 protocols are in place with occasional On-Site as required (approximately 1-2x per month) Experience in Spring Boot based backend development Experience in Vue/Angular front-end development Knowledge and experience with big data ecosystem (ex. Hadoop, HBase, Hive, Scala, SPARK, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka) Knowledge and experience withAI algorithms Experience with data analysis Experience with UI design Experience with Agile development methodologies Knowledge of SCM tools such as: Git, Jira, etc 
ScrapedJobID828:
You love web application frontend software and a rare breed that knows how to make a good frontend, and grasp the challenges of backend for efficient data access at scale You love data, working with data, and figuring out how to best present data efficiently that allows users to get the insights they want You love to keep on top of the latest and greatest in technology, and are able to be opinionated on which are winners, and which are hype You’re a strong believer in Continuous integration, and the DevOps mindset You think it is critical to understand of how your software runs on infrastructure in detail, and are experienced in how it should be designed You like working in teams, mentoring, and sharing neat things you come across and talking about it! Design, develop, and support all aspects of the Front-ends of our product platform. Including the areas of: UX, UI, Server-side needs specific for the Front-end, Access & Security Work closely with product management, backend, data science, QA, and Support to build and support product Analyze, scope, review, and estimate development activities Be the subject matter expert of your ownership areas of the product Participate in evolving the team’s processes so we’re efficient, and loving what we do 5 years experience with your code deployed live and having to support it with customers at arms-length 5 years experience developing single-page JavaScript applications (SPAs) in a Data Analytics context Deep understanding of vanilla JavaScript, HTML, and CSS (you use libraries but you don’t NEED to) 2 years backend experience NodeJS, or equivalent Proficiency for implementing responsive designs Experience with CSS preprocessors (i.e. Sass, Less) Clear verbal and written communication and the ability collaborate effectively in a geographically dispersed working environment Working knowledge on how to secure web applications Experience building features end-to-end from UI to DB schema (without ORMs like Hibernate) Experience developing integrations with electric utility products, SCADA systems, power-control systems Send us examples of projects you’ve built Send us samples of your code If you don’t have any public code, at least tell us about an interesting project you’ve built you’re proud of Knowledge, skills, and professional networking in one of the most exciting and positively impactful technology domains that is an intersection of electrical engineering, machine learning, software development, and data science Startup experience and ground floor opportunities for growth in a team that includes PhD Smart Grid Engineers, Data Scientists, recent grads and seasoned business professionals Competitive compensation High quality of life and career in Canada's National Capital Region Working on a team with a serious approach towards our work, rather than ourselves, together with fun and random team events. You will get the opportunity to come up with one! 
ScrapedJobID829:
Provide estimates on new features and bug fixes Implement pixel-perfect UX designs provided by design team on iOS Collaborate with the QA team to develop automated functional tests for new features and enhancements Collaborate with the backend team to understand and consume platform APIs, and to suggest modifications where appropriate 3+ years of professional experience developing software for iOS or MacOS preferably using Swift In-depth understanding of core development concepts, including OOP and memory management Experience leading the design and development of finished products or significant product features Front end / GUI exposure/ interest Experience with unit-testing. High standard of quality in coding practices Keen personal interest in computer science and programming in general Ability to work proactively, both independently and as a team member Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience working with continuous integration pipeline, especially on a multi tenant (white labelled) application is a bonus Experience writing and maintaining automated UI tests, along with dependency injection and data mocking frameworks is a bonus 
ScrapedJobID830:
Contribuer au développement d’une interface/expérience utilisateur moderne en utilisant les dernières technologies frontales ; Développer et tester des microservices de haute qualité respectant une architecture infonuagique native ; Participer activement à toutes les activités d’une équipe agile : groupage, planification de sprint, mêlée quotidienne, démos et rétrospectives. Un baccalauréat en informatique, en génie logiciel ou dans un domaine connexe ; De l’expérience en développement frontal dans l’environnement Angular (connaissance d’Angular version 8 ou ultérieure, de préférence Angular 11) ; De l’expérience en développement d’applications utilisant Java (connaissance de Java version 8 ou ultérieure, de préférence Java 11) et des technologies basées sur Java telles que Spring Boot; Des connaissances dans le domaine des technologies d’intégration : REST, JSON, Jenkins, Docker, Helm, Spinnaker, Kubernetes ; De l’expérience dans l’utilisation de Jira, GIT et Gerrit pour le développement de logiciels agiles; D’excellentes aptitudes en communication écrite et verbale ; Une passion pour découvrir de nouvelles technologies et accueillir le changement. Expérience avec la technologie infonuagique native, de préférence l’architecture basée sur des microservices ; Connaissance d’Artifactory, de Gradle et de Maven ; Des connaissances des bases de données Graph (Neo4j). Contribute to the development of a modern UI/UX using the latest front-end technologies Develop and test high quality microservices following a Cloud-Native architecture Be an active participant in all activities of an Agile team: feature grooming, sprint-planning, daily scrum, demos and retrospectives Bachelor's Degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. Experience with front-end development using Angular framework (knowledge of Angular version 8 or later, preferably Angular 11). Experience developing applications using Java (knowledge of Java version 8 or later, preferably Java 11) and Java-based technologies such as Spring Boot Knowledge in integration technologies: REST, JSON, Jenkins, Docker, Helm, Spinnaker, Kubernetes. Experience using Jira, GIT and Gerrit in Agile software development Excellent written and verbal communication skills Passion to learn new technologies and embrace change Cloud native technology experience, preferably Microservice-based architecture Knowledge of Artifactory, Gradle, Maven Knowledge in Graph databases (Neo4j). 
ScrapedJobID831:
College or university diploma in a computer programming related field Minimum 3 years of professional experience as a full-stack web developer Strong PHP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS skills Strong knowledge of relational databases and MySQL queries Knowledgeable debugger (using appropriate tools and techniques) Experience with API integrations Comfortable with Git commands, and branching/merging techniques Experience with jQuery Experience with Bootstrap Server & database management Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Store discount Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday When are you available to start? full-stack development (after graduation): 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID832:
Responsible for Sitecore application architecture and system design Creates design documentation and diagrams, presents design for review, and spearheads technical requirements gathering Manages the EPAM technical team and coordinates tasks and activities related to POC development Prioritizes work, controls development process, executes periodic code reviews to evaluate the produced code against the quality standards, escalates technical issues and risks to Delivery Manager Assist presales with solution architecture and project estimation Generate thought leadership and contribute to best practices for Sitecore implementations Mentor Sitecore developers in best practices for web application development A degree in an associated field and/or other advanced certification along with significant experience Recent Sitecore developer certification preferred Front-end development experience, like JS, HTML, CSS is a must Familiarity with enterprise architecture patterns Familiarity with Sitecore v10 preferred Coveo search experience is a plus Familiarity with SOLID principles and secure coding practices Familiarity with content lifecycle Understanding of web accessibility guidelines, web analytics, and SEO Experience developing solutions for the following areas is a plus: commerce, marketing automation, personalization, engagement analytics, asset management, search Experience with Agile development processes Experience managing DevOps processes Understanding of cloud-native architecture (Azure preferred), API-first development, and microservices Experience working with a Headless CMS Ability to work in a fast-paced setting with short turnaround delivery times Proven ability to lead and mentor a medium to large team Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions 
ScrapedJobID833:
Skilled in working with Back-end technologies: C# 2+ years of experience working in Web Development Proficient in Angular Practiced in working with front-end technologies: HTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, Familiar with Agile development practices Proficiency in working with containerized applications (Docker, Kubernetes) Capable of building or contributing to a RESTful API 
ScrapedJobID834:
Front-End (Crafters of the UI) Back-End (Smiths of messaging, endpoint, and REST) Full-Stack (Champions who can bring everything together) Data (Conjurers of insights) Working as a key member of a product team Writing high-quality code that helps change the world Reviewing PRs and giving constructive feedback to help others Designing features and changes Breaking down and estimating features Troubleshooting issues Helping direct the architecture, practices, and helping us take our product delivery capabilities to the next level Here is a link to our Job Description for you to see more about the day to day Comfortable being part of a startup that's growing by leaps and bounds Driven to find clarity when faced with ambiguity Leadership skills and understanding of how to lead from in front, in the middle, and behind A sense of ownership and pride in quality of work A love of helping others Personal drive Solid understanding of what it means to ‘ship product' and be part of a team Solid communication skills (written and verbal) Great problem-solving skills and ability to break problems down Genuinely good and decent people who share our values Read the part at the end of the job description where we asked you to please include a cover letter and what we'd like to know about you 5+ years of experience developing web-based applications (SaaS), with a strong understanding of web development fundamentals including HTML5, CSS, communication protocols 5+ years of experience in Front End development (React, JavaScript, Typescript, Apollo) 3+ years of experience with Full Stack or Back End development (Node.js, Kafka, Graphile) 3+ years experience with cloud data and caching (MongoDB, Postgres, Redis, SQL) Solid understanding in one or more commonly used programming languages - JavaScript, TypeScript, Python. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git and GitHub Solid experience developing as part of a team Familiarity with cloud technologies such as AWS or Azure Frontend: JavaScript/TypeScript, React, Apollo Backend: JS/TS, Node.js, GraphQL, Graphile Storage: S3-like, Postgres, Redis Data Pipeline: Python, Haskell Infrastructure: Azure, AWS, CloudFlare, Terraform What should we call you (maybe it's a short form of your name)? What are your pronouns? Is there anything about Legible that you connect with? And tell us something fun about you. Are you a former bowling champ? Do you love Dungeons & Dragons? Maybe you're a competitive knitter. Or perhaps you have family in a far-off country that means the world to you. We want to know. An inclusive working environment - anyone and everyone is welcome at Legible A flexible working schedule Great paid time off package, including a paid winter break A comprehensive benefits package A multitude of avenues for career growth and change An open door policy - you can approach any member of leadership with confidence Community Values - We work together as a team to better our local and global communities. We are invested in making a positive difference in the world. 
ScrapedJobID835:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux ! Rejoindre l'équipe de développement en tant que développeur hybride, axé sur la pile technologique Angular/React. Participer au développement de projets clients : nouvelles applications, développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur des applications existantes et maintenance. Participer à la revue de conception : travailler avec les concepteurs de solutions et d'applications pour assurer une architecture robuste. Rédiger des tests unitaires et garantir les normes de développement les plus élevées, en suivant le cycle de développement de logiciels. Se joindre à des équipes travaillant dans un processus Agile/Scrum ou Waterfall. Avoir travaillé avec une architecture orientée services (API REST et JSON/XML). Fournir et soumettre des révisions de code, vérifier les tests de code et effectuer la coordination avec l'équipe d'assurance qualité. Aider activement à la révision des codes de l'équipe. Travailler avec les propriétaires de produits ou les intervenants pour comprendre chaque récit de développement. Offrir des services d'encadrement et de mentorat. Utiliser la collaboration d'équipe pour créer des solutions novatrices de manière efficace. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - Angular 5 ou version plus récente ou React, et Typescript et rédaction de tests unitaires Expérience avec Node.Js Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - HTML5, cadres de référence JavaScript MVC et conception réactive Au moins 1 an d'expérience - cadres de référence JavaScript MVC/MVVM (version ECMAScript : es5 à es7) Au moins 1 an d'expérience - compatibilité multinavigateur Au moins 1 an d'expérience - préprocesseurs CSS (LESS/SASS) Intéraction avec les bases de données relationnelles (PostgreSQL/Oracle, DB2, MySQL, etc…) Expérience de travail avec GIT ou BitBucket Bonne compréhension du cycle de développement de logiciels et capacité de rédiger un code efficace, concis et réutilisable Bilinguisme : français-anglais Connaissance sur les regles d'accessibilité (WCAG) Expérience sur les tests d'intégration (selenium ou cypress) Expérience avec les bonnes pratiques CI/CD et des outils tels que Jenkins. Expérience avec le Responsive et Mobile design Expérience avec les Reactive Forms Expérience avec les Schematics Familiarisé avec les principes DRY et SOLID Familiarisé avec les meilleures pratiques de performance d'Angular (stratégie de détection des changements, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Connaissance de méthodologies css (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Connaissance du pattern micro-front-end Chez LGS, nous offrons des solutions d’affaires, des services professionnels et des ressources à valeur ajoutée. Notre expertise touche principalement : l’infonuagique, les services applicatifs, l’analyse cognitive & l’intelligence artificielle ainsi que les services d’appoint. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Join the development team as a Hybrid developer, focused on Angular/React technology stack Participate in the development of client projects: new applications, new feature development on existing applications, and maintenance Write unit tests, and ensure the highest development standards; following SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Participate in teams working in an Agile/Scrum or Waterfall process Having worked with Service Oriented Architecture SOA (REST APIs and JSON/XML) Submit code reviews, verify code testing and coordinate with the QA team Work with the Product Owners or Stakeholders to understand each development story Ability to work independently on tasks and deliver with a high-level of quality Ability to work in teams and be open to comments and feedback Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to a fast-paced environment 3+ years experience with Angular 5 or a more recent version or React and Typescript and writing Unit Testing Experience with Node.Js 3+ years experience with HTML5, JavaScript MVC frameworks, and responsive design 1+ years experience with JavaScript MVC/MVVM frameworks (ECMAScript version: es5 to es7) 1+ years experience with Cross browser compatibility 1+ years experience with CSS preprocessors (LESS/SASS) Interaction with API Calls Experience working with GIT or BitBucket Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and ability to write clean, concise and reusable code Bilingual: English and French Experience working with Messaging Queues (RabbitMQ, MQTT, etc…) Knowledge of web security and authentication principles (asset) Working with JIRA and Confluence Mobile development on IOS (Swift/ Objective-C) or Android (Java/Kotlin) Experience working with clients and client projects, both onsite and with remote offshore teams Knowledge of store management (ngrx) and reactive programming (rxjs), would be an asset Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Integration testing (selenium ou cypress) Experience with CI/CD best practices and tools such as Jenkins Experience with Responsive and Mobile design Experience with Reactive Forms Experience with Angular Schematics Experience with Angular Libraries Familiar with angular performance best practice (Change detection strategy, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Familiar with DRY and SOLID principles Knowledge of css methodology (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Knowledge micro-frontend pattern Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Horaires flexibles Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Heures supplémentaires majorées 
ScrapedJobID836:
Management Finances and Administration Natural and Applied Science + Related Fields Health Sales & Services Supply chain, Transportation, and Related Fields Natural Resources, Agriculture Public Utilities – Fabrication & Services Work closely with the product owners and development team to design, implement, test, maintain and optimize the organization's AI products and services, as defined in the roadmap. Participate with your teammates in sprints, elaborate and define user stories, provide feedback and recommendations, produce estimates, and identify areas of risk. Be an advocate for quality throughout the development process. Provide quality and acceptance validation of your new features and functionalities by using a combination of scripted and manual testing techniques. Contribute to the ongoing efforts to refine and improve the internal software development processes, test methodologies, and internal testing tools. Create new and maintain existing documentation (i.e.: requirements, designs, architectures, test cases, user stories, use cases, release notes, user manuals, etc.). Graduate degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience At least 10 years of experience as a front-end software developer At least 7 years of experience with REST API’s At least 5 years of experience with Python At least 5 years of experience with GNU/Linux and shell scripting (ie: bash, awk, sed, grep, curl, etc.) At least 3 years of experience with SQL and RDBMS databases Experience with:
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Node.js, NPM, and TypeScript
Git, JIRA, Confluence and Jenkins
schema-based and schema-less databases (ie: MySQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, NewSQL)
Amazon AWS cloud platform, Lambda’s, Step Functions, API Gateway, etc. HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Node.js, NPM, and TypeScript Git, JIRA, Confluence and Jenkins schema-based and schema-less databases (ie: MySQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, NewSQL) Amazon AWS cloud platform, Lambda’s, Step Functions, API Gateway, etc. General understanding of:
microservices and distributed computing architectures
operating systems (ie: Windows or Linux)
storage technologies and networking microservices and distributed computing architectures operating systems (ie: Windows or Linux) storage technologies and networking Experience with:
Another cloud platforms (Google GCP, Microsoft Azure, IBM Bluemix)
Artificial Intelligence (AI), Deep Learning (DL) and Machine Learning (ML)
TensorFlow, datasets, models, training, and inference
Rule Engine, Flow Engine or Business Intelligence (BI)
NVIDIA Jetson, CUDA, TensorRT, and GPU’s
IoT and embedded development
Blockchains technologies Another cloud platforms (Google GCP, Microsoft Azure, IBM Bluemix) Artificial Intelligence (AI), Deep Learning (DL) and Machine Learning (ML) TensorFlow, datasets, models, training, and inference Rule Engine, Flow Engine or Business Intelligence (BI) NVIDIA Jetson, CUDA, TensorRT, and GPU’s IoT and embedded development Blockchains technologies High School Professional Training Bachelor’s degree Master PhD Required / Privileged Bilingual Fluent Good Average School level Required / Privileged Bilingual Fluent Good Average School level Required/ Privileged Requited / Privileged Fixed Duration (temporary) Undetermined Duration (permanent) Annual Monthly Weekly Hourly Confidential Public Stimulating work environment and state-of-the-art projects, Professional development and continuing education with access to international conferences, Benefits after 3 months in position providing excellent coverage, Open work environment and sophisticated work equipment. 
ScrapedJobID837:
Provide leadership of thought, oversight and expertise to the IT development team, business team and business stakeholders Create/Code - Design, develop, test, deploy and support pilot implementations, new solutions or enhancements to existing solutions working in an agile environment with the support, if required, of a self-managed, cross functional team Understand foundational architecture principles as well as participate in architecture design planning meetings to ensure alignment with RBC enterprise architecture practices and processes to produce sustainable solutions Anticipate and familiarize self constantly with emerging technologies which potentially impact Corporate Systems application portfolio and offerings Adopt industry leading practices related to innovation architecture and incorporate capabilities originating from within and without RBC to existing and or new solutions Evaluate, prototype and present Proof of Concepts or product demo’s, using the best technologies, to IT and business partners 2-3 years’ experience with some of Angular.JS/React.JS, NodeJS, Java Springboot, HTML, SQL. 5+ years of overall experience in Information Technology 3+ years using languages such as: Java, Python, Scala, R, etc… Experience with Micro Services/Event Driven Architecture and Development Hands-on with Cloud environment and DevOps Experience with code merging and branching methodologies using Git Experience with relational databases UX design experience Knowledge and experience with REST API design best practices Excellent understanding of technology concepts of the future 
ScrapedJobID838:
We budget 40% of our sprints to technical enhancements. Internal hackathons for you to chase a new solution that you think adds value. Bi-weekly learning sessions where people from all dev teams can share new ideas, tools, concepts, and solutions. Training/education/conference budget. Opportunity for long-term growth within a rapidly expanding company. Join a diverse team that offers different perspectives and never settles for 'this is just how it's always been done.' We have a DevOps team dedicated to making your life easier. Design and implement automated test cases (automated end-to-end tests in Salesforce, and API smoke tests) Assist with manual testing when needed. Monitor system quality through automated testing. Continuously increase automated test coverage and enhance the test automation framework. Be the test expert for the BMS team. Actively encourage and educate the team about best practices in best practices and automated testing. 2+ years of experience in Test Automation and Quality Assurance. University degree or college diploma in a recognized technical, vocational, or academic program (preferably in Engineering or Computer Science) or equivalent work experience. Intermediate-level experience in javascript, and some Typescript. Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing. Experience with at least 1 testing framework: cypress, selenium, or other testing frameworks. Proactive/entrepreneurial spirit of finding things to test before being told or before a bug. Comfortable writing both API and front-end tests. Experience in Salesforce is a huge plus but not required. Opportunity to work for Canada’s fastest-growing insurtech startup Contemporary office downtown TO, 1 minute from Osgoode Station and 7 minutes from Union Station Flexible work environment/work from home arrangements available to everyone Modern technology - laptops provided to all staff Comprehensive, flexible health, including mental health, and dental plans to suit all lifestyles Parental Leave top-up Weekly Friday company-wide meetings Build next level relationships with your peers through scheduled companywide virtual team building events Be a part of something special, we are confident you won’t find any other insurance company like us :) 
ScrapedJobID839:
Bachelor's degree required in Data Analytics, Software Engineering or Computer Science 4 - 6 years relevant experience Excellent written and verbal English Data architecture across SQL databases and various NoSQL formats Assist in creating a warehouse/lake for integrated (but anonymous) analysis Assist in database architecture for existing and new products Tuning and monitoring MSSQL databases Analyzing execution plans and statistics to identify performance issues Writing / modifying existing procedures, scripts and indexes to reduce bottlenecks Creating and maintaining indexes and maintenance plans Tuning and training AI models for consumption Sentiment analysis and data classification Explore bringing anomaly detection and data clustering into existing applications Knowledge of Azure, including deployments, scaling, monitoring and maintenance Experience/knowledge in other tech stacks (front end, C#, etc...) Azure MSSQL C# (Core and Framework) Javascript (no frameworks) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Why is LEARNstyle the right fit for you? Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 4 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID840:
World-class training and resources. Mature business process framework and infrastructure so that you can hone in on your own skills and what you do best. The position includes paid time off. PTO accrues and is made available after successful completion of the probationary period. The position includes health benefits which are made available after 60 days. This position includes a bonus program. Analyze design and product requirements to determine technology options and solutions which balance the development efforts, long term maintainability of the code base, and achieving client or internal objectives. Develop new applications that range from web front-end driven interfaces to backend support systems and APIs to integrate with partner systems and optimize the web front-end performance. Participate in code reviews to ensure company best practices are followed and that code re-use is considered on all projects. Add new features and functionality to existing projects (both front-end and back-end systems). Learn new technologies that the company employs or evaluates to become a subject-matter expert for internal knowledge share with other developers. Understanding product and business requirements from our clients (regardless of how they are presented), and translating them into effective technology architectures and implementations. Ability to understand analytics and software performance metrics to help contextualize then for the Account Management team. Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies. Ability to effectively communicate your technology choices, recommendations, process, thoughts, ideas, and a point of view on your work both internal and external stakeholders. Strong understanding of web, mobile and cloud best practices and trends. The ability to articulate your concerns about technology choices and implementations to other developers in a reasoned manner that facilitates learning and growth in your peers. The ability to recognize when a technology problem needs to be escalated before too much time and effort has been spent solving a problem which may be better solved with proposed changes to the requirements. At least 5 years of hands-on experience creating public, complex systems using multiple languages. Proficiency in Node.js and Typescript - experience with languages such as C#/.NET, Java, PHP, Bash Script, are a major bonus. Proficiency with front end application frameworks such as Angular and React. Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, SCSS and CSS, TypeScript and JavaScript. Familiarity with database technology such as MongoDB, MySQL, DynamoDB. Familiarity with AWS cloud services such as Lambda, CloudFormation, the AWS Serverless Application Model, Elastic Beanstalk, S3, DynamoDB, IAM Policies & Permissions. Experience with Azure or Google Cloud is considered a bonus. Experience with Git flow / deployment; designing CI/CD pipelines; Docker & Kubernetes experience/knowledge a bonus. Experience in developing responsive, interactive websites. Experience with complex systems and architectures. Experience in or the capacity for a client-driven, fast-paced environment with tight deadlines. Experience in leading your own team of developers is a plus. Good organizational skills and attention to detail is extremely necessary. Excellent communication skills - both with the team internally, but also in an ability to translate and communicate complicated technical systems and architectures to less technical individuals. Ability to provide consultation to UI/UX team regarding feasibility of proposed designs. Comfortable with all facets of development - be it architecture, management, backend, frontend or cleanup. Skilled in application architecture design and planning for iteration. 5+ years building Node.js/Typescript applications Experience with Lambda Functions in Node.js Experience with Docker A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or equivalent). 5+ years working experience, agency experience preferred. Ability to solve business problems first and write code second - not the other way around! Eager to teach junior developers - and help improve their work. One or more AWS cloud certifications helps Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID841:
Design and development of production-quality software as a member of a Scrum team Maintenance, bug-fixing, and regression testing of software products 3rd-tier customer support of software products Continuous learning of relevant software technologies 2+ years of relevant work experience Experience developing the front-end, back-end, and databases for web applications Expert knowledge in JavaScript, Typescript Expert knowledge in HTML, CSS Experience with React.js or a similar modern front-end web framework (Vue.js or Angular.js) Solid understanding of client / server architecture, single-page applications, designing documenting, testing, APIs (GraphQL experience is a bonus) Solid understanding of relational databases (preferably PostgreSQL) and NoSQL databases (preferably MongoDB) Experience using git version control Python programming experience AWS experience – S3, Lambda, Cognito, Athena Experience with code reviews both providing feedback and receiving feedback Experience with data visualization libraries (D3.js preferred) and Mapbox.js Working with large datasets in the cloud Agile / Scrum experience 
ScrapedJobID842:
Taking the lead role over the maintenance and expansion of the platform within a small team. Working directly with the team, the client, the creatives, and the project manager Analysis and documentation of new requirements, along with the development of the application as per client standards. Testing, debugging, and identifying problems; and recommend and implement solutions. Assist in developing, modifying, and integrating software using .Net, cloud hosting, and various other logging frameworks. Examine existing code to optimize framework designs for reliability and performance Troubleshoot and fix issues and bugs in application software and web pages; Monitor, review, and audit performance of the enterprise software and make performance improvements. All other duties as assigned A Bachelor of Science in Computer Science graduate or a related discipline A minimum of 3-5 years of working/professional experience (Intermediate/Senior) Be able to write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages 3-5 years’ experience working with front-end technologies including in HTML 5, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, ReactJS, and JavaScript 3-5 years’ experience working with back-end technologies including ASP.NET framework, C# / MVC, and SQL Server 2008 or newer 3 years’ Experience with NodeJS 3 years’ experience with Web UI Development Full Stack Developer experience is preferable Extended health care Dental care Life insurance Vision care Disability insurance Stock options Profit-sharing/share options Vacation & paid time off Wellness programs Parental leave Discounted/free food Company events & social hours On-site parking Casual dress Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID843:
8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID844:
Create value for our customers by driving specific KPIs and outcomes through software delivery. Participate in design, implementation and deployment of new features and products. Work closely with the Product Team and other stakeholders to develop high quality, scalable systems. Collaborate with other engineers on the team to come up with optimal technical solutions. Mentor more junior members of the team. Ensure solid technical documentation for solutions delivered. Live and promote our leadership principles. Computer Science degree or equivalent. 5+ years of development experience, preferably in the Microsoft stack. Proven track record of delivery of scalable web applications. Strong MS SQL Server / SQL / T-SQL skills. Good knowledge of front end. (React preferable) Passionate technologist with a desire to expand their knowledge and skill as well as share and mentor team members. Experience working remotely and/or working with geographically distributed teams is preferable. Strive for continuous improvement and belief in collective success. Team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience in Azure, Experience with Service Bus/RabbitMQ, Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, Redis Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless computing, Kubernetes, Microservices Experience Big Data Analytics Tools, Apache Druid, Event Sourcing, CQRS Experience with Distributed architecture, .NET 5 Culture: We’re a purpose-driven meritocratic culture where bias, tenure, and egos are replaced with debate, data, and facts so we can spend as much time as possible on impactful work to create real value for our customers. Plus, we provide regular social events by our awesome Social Committee, live and virtual coffee chats and more! Growth: We’re a fast-paced FinTech company with numerous opportunities to learn, grow and take on new challenges. You’ll have an immediate impact. Additionally, all Plootonians can participate in the employee stock option plan from day 1. Benefits: Day 1 access to comprehensive medical and health, including 100% drug coverage. We offer flexibility through WFH options and generous time off (vacation, sick, etc.) Security: Plooto is trusted by over 6,000 SMBs and their finance teams. We’re profitable and have never gone through layoffs. 
ScrapedJobID845:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential You will be an active part in the architecture, design, build, and implementation of a security platform development team with specialties in both tooling and network security Work closely with business unit and cyber security teams to understand workflows, identify bottlenecks, and develop innovative solutions to automate manual processes Design and implement scalable applications that integrates with on-prem and cloud technologies Be part of an emerging and dynamic team which is core to the Firm’s network security strategy Team player, fast learner, and enjoy problem solving in a dynamic and fast-moving environment Responsible for continuously improving the quality of our technology solutions, through a range of methods including peer review, retrospectives and refactoring as required. Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, coupled with excellent development, communication, and organizational skills Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in computer science/engineering, network engineering, or similar fields Experience with at least one of the following coding languages (Python, Perl, Java, Go) Experience with full-stack application development (Identify Management, API, MQ, SQL/NoSQL) ,front-end frameworks (Angular, Vue.js, React), and deployment Experience with automating workflows and configurations using Ansible Knowledge of network protocols (HTTP/SSL/DNS/TCP/IP) and routing/switching Experience with DevOps, SDLC, CI/CD tools (Git, Jenkins, Groovy) Experience working with Linux-based environments Experience with a managing cross-region team Great communication skills Strong network security fundamentals Knowledge of SRE concept and defining SLI & SLO Experience with logging, monitoring, Ansible, and infrastructure-as-code Experience with products such as firewall, email security, web secure gateway/proxy, malware/sandbox, IaaS, etc. Experience with supporting applications Experience working in an enterprise environment Experience working in a regulated environment Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID846:
Building. This is an opportunity to build new and exciting functionality to our platform. You will gather and review high-level business requirements, architect and design new features and services. Improving. Optimize performance, scalability, maintainability and functionality for our SaaS platform by evaluating and recommending tools, technologies and processes. Digging deep. Dive in to analyze and resolve programming and design challenges across a wide variety of areas, including the front and back end code base, databases, cache and deployment infrastructure. Collaborating. You will communicate and collaborate with team members and other departments in an Agile environment to ensure sprint planning objectives are met and that the project vision is carried out. Mentoring. You will mentor other back-end developers through your advanced technical knowledge and competency. You enjoy being a team leader (or is working towards becoming one) and apply best practices to improve efficiency and collaboration. Node.js and Express React and AngularJS Docker AWS Redis MongoDB and DocumentDB GitHub Integrating with 3rd party services such as Google SSO, Twilio, DocuSign, Zapier, etc. The technical expertise. 9+ years’ experience in software engineering building multiple distributed systems with varying architectural, scalability and security considerations. 2+ years of experience providing technical leadership in design and architecture, in addition to mentoring and supporting other engineers. Deep technical knowledge of web development tooling & trends, and can be actively involved in technical discussions in system design and front end and back end development. You have strong experience and knowledge in many of the following areas. Note: You don’t have to know everything listed below! If you have experience with many of the following, we’d love to hear from you. Front end frameworks & libraries such as AngularJS/Angular, React and Vue. Back end: Building applications using Node.js, Express with REST APIs. Microservices and/or Service Oriented Architecture (developing, debugging, monitoring). User authentication/authorization, including SSO, OAuth2, SAML, OpenID, etc. MongoDB and NoSQL databases. Redis or in-memory cache data structures. Deployment technologies, including Docker and AWS. CI/CD systems, such as Jenkins, Shippable, CircleCI or others. Web application security standards such as OWASP Top 10. Experience reviewing and resolving security, privacy and pentest findings. You are a strong proponent of unit testing and automation testing, and have built extensive coverage using tools such as Mocha, Chai, Puppeteer, Cypress, etc. The education. Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Web Development, a related field or comparable professional experience. Advantage if you possess MongoDB Professional Certification(s). The communication skills. You have excellent verbal and written communication skills. You can effectively communicate and collaborate cross-functionally with both technical and non-technical audiences. The desire to grow and adapt. You can adapt quickly, innovate solutions and embrace the new while accepting the ambiguous. You want to be part of a growing and collaborative team where your voice will be heard. Code quality:  We take pride in writing crisp, clear code that is both understandable and readable. Good code is written not just for yourself, but also for others. Iterative design:  We value upfront design, but also know that design is a continuous pursuit and no system stays unchanged forever. Continuous process improvement: Through biweekly retrospectives and open dialog, we ensure that our processes are becoming more effective and efficient all the time. A Collaborative Culture:  We are a team of decent, smart and thoughtful human beings that genuinely want to do good and support one another. Daylight is going through a big and pivotal transformation, and we know great ideas come from people that are open to trying new things, people that are willing to fail and people who put their best efforts in their work. Daylight prides itself in its diversity, your voice matters and we want to hear it! Join a team of bright, humble and diverse individuals that value and support continued learning and skill development. Make an impact at a product-led organization that is simplifying the lives of real people and solving problems our society has faced for decades. It's a chance to make meaningful contributions and expand your career at a growing company. Enjoy our company-wide Friday socials, team building events and lively Slack channels to get to know your teammates both as coworkers as well as individuals. Be supported by a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision plans for you and your family, EAP program and parental leave top-up and more. Find work-life balance with flexible working hours, paid vacation and flex days. Enjoy working from the comfort of your home and create an ergonomic, productive and fulfilling home office. A generous budget for essential equipment will be offered during on-boarding to set you up for success! Daylight is hiring, on-boarding and working 100% remotely for the time being in order to keep our employees and candidates safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Benefits and perks listed above may change over time as the company grows and evolves. Application reviewed by a human (please note that this process takes time as our approach is truly intentional and inclusive) Phone Screen with a Talent Acquisition Specialist Remote Interview with CTO Remote Interview with Team Members Remote Interview with Founder 
ScrapedJobID847:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Are you hands on with Micro-services? Java: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID848:
Contribute specialized skills in interactive development with focus on back-end systems Join team periodically at Vancouver office for hands on testing and bug fixing if needed Develop software for interactive digital media installations for museums or other cultural sector contexts Design, implement, and deploy custom data tracking and content management systems that interface with our catalogue of front-end technologies Design, implement, and deploy client-facing web interfaces for accessing and modifying content and data Design, implement, and deploy custom front-end interactives using Unity3D Collaborate with cross-functional teams who may have varying levels of technical literacy, with ability to communicate technical solutions to identified challenges Work with other developers and team members to write clear, concise, technical and non-technical documentation In some cases, develop software according to UI/UX designs and mock-ups, client specified requirements and feedback Passion for creating fun, intuitive, interactive software, and for developing engaging digital experiences to our clients Degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field 2-3 years’ experience with web and mobile technologies with solid skills in building responsive websites Working experience with back-end web development tools like WAMP, Django, or Flask Working experience with front-end web development tools like WordPress or React Working experience with relevant programming languages such as JavaScript, PHP, or Python Maturity and resilience to handle responsibilities and deadlines independently and to work well as part of a team Outstanding written and verbal communication skills Commitment to delivering excellence and meeting high standards for QA Unity experience WebGL Creating programmatic animations in JavaScript Mobile application development VR/AR development Working on physical, digital media interactive installations 
ScrapedJobID849:
Work with users and business analysts to understand user needs and translate requirements into systems Estimate effort and ensure timely delivery Ensure agile and continuous delivery methodology is followed Ensure code is readable, maintainable and well tested Ensure that release management / change management processes are followed Be responsible for the 2nd and 3rd level of support Assist the support team in the rollout of releases Rely on IT best practices to improve quality of development Participate as a motivated, proactive and highly contributing member of the global team The Post Trade Fixed Income team develops and support software in an AGILE environment for trade booking, position management, settlement management and straight through processing of electronic trades. Our software interacts with various upstream and downstream systems. The Electronic Trading team develops and supports software in an AGILE environment for price/inventory publication, inquiry management and straight through processing of electronic trades. Our software interacts with various external electronic trading systems and exchanges such as Bloomberg, Tradeweb, BrokerTec, Trad-X, MarketAxess,etc. The FO Lab team (a Front to Back IT Team) is working on the Trading floor. It is a proximity development team that works hand in hand with equity derivative trading desks and operational teams. Experience: You have recently graduated, or you have significant past experience in programming using object-oriented languages, and specifically C# .NET. Technical skills: Experience in CI/CD frameworks Education: You have a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent Languages: English is a requirement Bilingualism (French/English) is considered a strong asset Good written & verbal communication skills Analytical skills Rigorous Autonomous Dynamic, detail-oriented, fast learning capacity and able to work in a high-pressure environment Commitment to putting integrity at the heart of our businesses Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Climate commitment Citizen engagement Competitive salary and vacation package Great coverage and Social benefits (2000$ health spending account to get massages or pay other services not covered by our insurance) Personal Spending account (1000$/year), it even works to pay animal day care! Maternity, paternity and adoption leave for all An opportunity to express yourself and get involved: And… a great training offer plus opportunities to evolve within the company with mobility opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID850:
Collaborate with the WordPress Development & Creative Service team in order to deliver the highest possible quality custom development on the WordPress platform. This includes front-end coding, technical analysis, debugging and integration of said code (HTML5, CSS3, JS/ jQuery, SASS/LESS, MySQL, Vue.js, REACT, PHP). Coordinate efforts with our internal/external partners to ensure that projects are properly scoped out (# of hours required for a project, highlighting gaps, proposing alternative solutions). Creation of the technical scope-of-work (SOW) documents. Ensure deadlines are met accordingly and expectations around those are managed. Assist in discussions with more technically advanced clients to ensure that all their questions are fully answered, and expectations are managed. Stay up to date on the latest front-end development best practices to be applied to Trader’s Website Platform. Expected to be the SME for front-end questions. Ability to prioritize projects and handle multiple tasks efficiently Self-motivated, with the ability to multi-task, work independently and learn technical information quickly Must have a client service attitude and mindset to work prioritization and issue resolution Strong written and verbal communication skills Highly organized, with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment Meticulous attention to detail and accuracy Self-starter, high energy, assertive, take-charge personality Maintain flexibility in the face of a dynamic and challenging client environment. Stay current on the latest technologies and inspire others to do the same 2-3 years of PHP WordPress development experience Extensive Node.js/Vue.js Experience Experience with version control software (G.I.T. would be an asset) Ability to consume REST API services Understanding of website performance optimization strategies like caching Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment. Ability to write custom WordPress modules in PHP Automotive knowledge is a plus. Experience writing RESTful services. Previous experience working with JIRA for issue management and MS Teams for communications. An environment built to help you be your creative best Competitive employee benefits program (medical, dental, vision, and extended health care) Paid time off Professional Development dollars Retirement benefits Company Incentive plans Flexible work environment Team-building and Employee Appreciation events Employee and Family Assistance and Wellness Programs Gym membership discounts 
ScrapedJobID851:
At least 2 years’ experience in software development and design. Experience with source control systems (ie. Git, Gitflow, etc.) Experience developing with OOP (C#/Java), Javascript and SQL. Ability to work effectively, both individually and as a member of a project or Agile team. A love for learning new things! Experience in the Azure cloud services and components or other Cloud platform Knowledge and experience with unit and/or automated testing frameworks Knowledge and experience of CI/CD and DevOps Familiarity with Domain Driven Design, Event Sourcing, CQRS Front-loaded vacation and sick time Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Peace of mind benefits such as life insurance and disability insurance Casual office environments and unlimited office snacks and drinks 
ScrapedJobID852:
Own the current application in Objective-C. Build the new iOS application from the ground-up in Swift based on our product roadmap. Leverage open source technologies, tools, and frameworks. Write unit test cases. Ensure integration with our REST API. Improve the iOS application based on customers' requests. Ensure version control, continuous integration, code merging and resolving code conflict. 3+ years of mobile application architecture, development and design for iOS Comfort in both Objective-C and Swift Experience with REST APIs Experience parsing JSON & XML formats Exposure to Android, an asset A self-starter with a lot of initiative Excellent organizational and prioritization skills with the ability to manage multiple projects An avid problem-solver with an analytical mind Comprehensive health and dental plans from day 1 An Employer Assistance Program Telemedicine 24/7 Matching for your RRSP contributions Long-term access to teleworking One paid volunteer day a year One additional day of vacation per year of service Referral bonuses When we are not working remotely, access to a recently-renovated office in Montreal including a mini-gym, massage chairs, snacks and gourmet coffee everyday Team building activities, even at a distance, and celebration of professional and personal accomplishments 
ScrapedJobID853:
6+ years of development experience in mobile development 3+ years experience developing in Ionic+Capacitor and/or Cordova 2+ years experience developing in native iOS and Android Experience operating in a DevOps environment and *nix development environments Deep understanding of Object Oriented Programming Experience in front end javascript frameworks like Vue.js and/or Angular, Typescript Understanding of Angular schematics Good understanding of REST APIs, JSON, NoSQL + data modelling Proven experience with successfully launched mobile applications and knowledge of the Apple and/or Google publishing and store environments and workflows. Experienced in Mobile UI, layout, Networking, Persistency, Performance, Push Notifications, Concurrency, Offline Storage and Security. Experience with automated testing frameworks Understanding of agile principles and methodologies and advanced Scrum practitioner Experience with Atlassian (Jira, Confluence), GitHub, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and cloud applications is a bonus. Deep understanding of Git best practices Experience with a Mobile Device Management platform is an asset. Experience building reusable hybrid mobile components Experience with Auth0 Experience with mobile app publishing Experience building PWAs You think about how to scale, automate and operate, not just how to build a solution to an immediate problem Experienced in driving good practices, code reviews and mentor people in writing maintainable and scalable mobile code. You understand lean thinking You set high standards for code quality, performance/scalability and security and seek continuous improvement You have solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills You have customer first mindset and a devotion to customer service You engage and build positive internal and external client relationships, while managing multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities You have strong self-initiative, passion, interpersonal, oral and written communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work, influence and make an impact in a cross-functional environment with all levels of the organization You are communicative, with good written and verbal English (a lot of our team works remotely. Clear communication is really important!) You have prior experience in consulting Prior experience and connections in the Life Sciences industry is preferred 
ScrapedJobID854:
Has a working understanding of design patterns and architecture; understands what makes software testable and maintainable and includes these principles in the work Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with project stakeholders; studying client systems' flow and work processes; identifying and investigating problem areas Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clean code Updates job knowledge by studying the latest development tools and programming techniques; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; participating in professional organizations Employs technical expertise to lay the groundwork for effective project management Assists Project Manager to determine operational feasibility through analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and solution proposal Provides technical background input while collaboratively generating project estimates/ rough orders of magnitude with the Project Manager Adapts leadership style to leverage team members' motivations and strengths while helping them to overcome weaknesses Supports and develops software developers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities Works collaboratively with others to achieve goals Makes informed decisions quickly and takes ownership of technology choices, project pace, and direction Strong Javascript development experience. Strong Javascript Framework experience such as AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS. Strong HTML, CSS and SASS development experience. Responsible and accountable – You can own a task, and deliver it with high precision, independently, even on a short timeline. Eye for quality – You enjoy working on quality products and aim for a good user experience. Pro minimum viable product – You believe in iteration based on data. You believe in building the smallest version of a feature to prove it first, even when it means being scrappy. Problem solver – excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, as well as the capacity to think creatively under pressure. Team player – You work well with a team and are good at giving and receiving feedback. You enjoy celebrating wins with your team! *nix friendly – accustomed to developing software in a *nix environment (Mac, Linux, Unix, BSD) Education – Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent working experience Phonegap / Cordova experience Experience working as a third party JS vendor, facing issues such as cross-domain communication Experience building responsive websites and web apps Experience working on single-page applications Experience working cloud based architectures, particularly AWS Experience with Silex / Laravel Git experience Work in a scrum environment Sane working hours (with flexible scheduling). The team is small and agile, so you will have a direct impact on the product, but big enough that you are never alone. While our office in Montreal is available to everyone, a flexible work from home program is currently the norm. Health care and dental coverage for all full time employees (Blue Cross) National telemedicine service, paid for by the company for full time employees enrolled in benefits programs. Generous compensation and stock options. Everyone at Salesfloor is agile, engaged and ready to contribute to impact the growth of our business. Seasoned employees, new hires and founders all work together and help each other every day. Founders and leadership team have a proven track record for successful start-ups and previous exits. 
ScrapedJobID855:
Disruptive and a naan-traditional mindset An inclusive and dynamic culture Accelerated career progression Commitment to learning and development Opportunity to be impactful Competitive compensation The BI Developer will create automated reporting in all business functions, driving competitive advantage for FGF brands and facilitating faster and better management decisions. The BI Developer will be responsible for developing and maintaining enterprise and department-level data-interfaces and reporting solutions using SAP HANA, SQL / Microsoft Azure suite and other to be determined tools and other data sources / systems as required. Must be able to build and maintain back-end solutions of views/models to be consumed by other BI Developers or business users, as well as customer facing front end reporting models/visualizations. Assist in operational and customer support related to the use of the in-house developed products. Responsible for FGF brands ETP (Extract, Transform, Present) strategy and implementation. Viewed as a technical expert and is critical resource across multiple disciplines. Mentors other team members and application developers on technical solutions. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Relevant Work Experience. 4+ Years of SQL Development Experience. 2+ Years’ experience with BI technologies Expert Technical Ability (HANA Studio, Power BI, Tableau, SAC, Microsoft Apps/Azure Suite, WEBI, SQL, SSAS, SSIS). Strong analytical and problem-solving ability. Hands on experience with SAP system with ability to navigate through SAP (preferably S4Hana). Experience with tabular and multi-dimensional modeling. Balance multiple, competing priorities effectively, track documentation and deliverables in an organized manner. Sound knowledge of traditional as well as agile software development methodologies. Highly effective working in a team, as well as working independently. Ideally knowledge/experience with Python, ABAP, R, Apache Spark, DAX, Azure Databricks, Azure EventHub’s, JSON. English written/spoken required Customer and Product Centricity -You are always keeping our products front and center. Flexibility, Agility, Adaptability- You embrace speed, change and uncertainty. Teamwork and Collaboration -You are a relationship builder. Passion for Excellence -You look for innovative solutions and challenges the status quo. Drives Execution -You are a risk taker! 
ScrapedJobID856:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with flexibility to be working on both We emphasize user-centric features and long-term business goals through team involvement. You can be part of directing the course of our product through Lean UX style product design You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring experience with a variety of technologies such as UX frameworks, web APIs, and data systems Your team delivers: Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Passion for technology Experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc) and working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Experience with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) and modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Understanding of designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Attractive healthcare benefits for you and your family starting day one Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth WFH stipend; in addition to the essentials including monitor, laptop, accessories Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID857:
Minimum 5 years design and development related experience. Experienced in front-end development and UI/UX design HTML, JavaScript/CSS/JQuery Experience in front-end development using React, D3. Bootstrap Sound experience of geospatial data and mapping applications Proficient in Python programming language Experience in SQL Spatial, Postgres PostGIS ArcGIS QGIS Amazon AWS Years of experience in required tools Web application (URLs) you worked on. Linkedin or/and Freelance work profile 
ScrapedJobID858:
Work closely with the other members of your Engineering team to deliver software to our customers Collaborate with Product Owners to clarify and estimate product requirements Expand your knowledge of the software development craft from more senior developers Leverage training resources we provide (e.g. Pluralsight) to grow your expertise in software engineering Eagerly learn about the ESO product code base to help enhance features and functions Provide a feedback loop to improve our training program and materials to OnBoard new Associate developers 1 year experience in software development and design Experience with source control systems (ie. Git, Gitflow, etc.) Experience developing with C# and SQL Course work or practical experience with OOP (C#/Java) and JavaScript (e.g. Angular or React) Ability to work effectively, both individually and as a member of a project or Agile team A love for learning new things! Course work or practical experience with unit and automated unit testing frameworks Knowledge and experience of CI/CD and DevOps Familiarity with Domain Driven Design, Event Sourcing, CQRS Front-loaded vacation and sick time Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Peace of mind benefits such as life insurance and disability insurance Casual office environments and unlimited office snacks and drinks 
ScrapedJobID859:
We budget 40% of our sprints to technical enhancements. Internal hackathons for you to chase a new solution that you think adds value. Bi-weekly learning sessions where people from all dev teams can share new ideas, tools, concepts, and solutions. Training/education/conference budget. Opportunity for long-term growth within a rapidly expanding company. Join a diverse team that offers different perspectives and never settles for 'this is just how it's always been done.' We have a DevOps team dedicated to making your life easier. Design and implement automated test cases (automated end-to-end tests in Salesforce, and API smoke tests) Assist with manual testing when needed. Monitor system quality through automated testing. Continuously increase automated test coverage and enhance the test automation framework. Be the test expert for the BMS team. Actively encourage and educate the team about best practices in best practices and automated testing. 2+ years of experience in Test Automation and Quality Assurance. University degree or college diploma in a recognized technical, vocational, or academic program (preferably in Engineering or Computer Science) or equivalent work experience. Intermediate-level experience in javascript, and some Typescript. Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing. Experience with at least 1 testing framework: cypress, selenium, or other testing frameworks. Proactive/entrepreneurial spirit of finding things to test before being told or before a bug. Comfortable writing both API and front-end tests. Experience in Salesforce is a huge plus but not required. Opportunity to work for Canada’s fastest-growing insurtech startup Contemporary office downtown TO, 1 minute from Osgoode Station and 7 minutes from Union Station Flexible work environment/work from home arrangements available to everyone Modern technology - laptops provided to all staff Comprehensive, flexible health, including mental health, and dental plans to suit all lifestyles Parental Leave top-up Weekly Friday company-wide meetings Build next level relationships with your peers through scheduled companywide virtual team building events Be a part of something special, we are confident you won’t find any other insurance company like us :) 
ScrapedJobID860:
Working experience building scalable web applications on the cloud, preferably in a microservices architecture - we use .NET on Azure Knowledge of modern JavaScript front-end frameworks like React and Angular Knowledge of Microsoft Azure Demonstrated proficiency with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience working with Product teams using concepts like A/B testing, feature flag releases, funnel maintenance, etc. Ability to write maintainable automated tests (we use Cypress and a Javascript-heavy automation suite) Experience with GraphQL We work well as a team and collaborate always! We are humble and open to each others' ideas and opinions We are not afraid of making mistakes and we are always learning We are persistent about solving problems we are facing Change is good and welcomed We are always willing to take on new challenges We are not afraid to say, "I don't know," or, "I need help" We take ownership over our platform and the work that we deliver We communicate clearly to ensure we collaborate well We find the simplest solutions possible for the hardest problems The Opportunity - join and have a major impact at a growing company that is helping make financial stability possible for everybody Comprehensive Health Benefits - medical, dental, vision, and paramedical health benefits for you and your family, with extra yearly coverage for psychotherapists and massage therapists Additional Health Benefits - virtual benefit offering that allows you to connect 24/7 with nurses, doctors and mental health professionals Maternity & Parental Leave Top-up - available to new parents Wellness Benefit - $600 annually to spend on whatever brings you joy WFH Reimbursement - we ship you gear like a laptop, mouse, keyboard, and you can reimburse additional items to make your workplace better for you Employee Development Benefit - annual reimbursements on payments to help your learning Givewell Benefit - 1 paid volunteer day a year to give back to the community Flexibility - flexible working hours and a flexible vacation policy 
ScrapedJobID861:
Content Development: Create and deploy interactive versions of lesson materials and textbooks into the Möbius platform, work to enhance the learning experience through exposition and interactive activities. Develop and deliver content in a variety of subjects. Build the best possible learning experience in Möbius. Review Cycles: Conduct self and peer reviews, check for accuracy, style, algorithms, and grading code, incorporate feedback and manage iterations as required. Project Delivery: Work with the team to monitor and review progress across simultaneous content projects, follow up on any outstanding deadlines, self-manage your workload and schedule. Quality Delivery to Schedule: Timely and accurate execution of curriculum and content deliverables, maintain a healthy maximum of two review cycles per project, while striving for a high level of quality output. Product Knowledge: Sustain an advanced awareness and understanding of Möbius capabilities, keep up to date and informed with product enhancements and features. Understanding of impactful curriculum design principles, with a penchant for modern education tools and software. Proven track record of cross-functional team work, coordination across multiple projects and deadlines, strong organization skills and preference to self-direct. Excellent written and verbal communication, with an aptitude for technical topics. Basic level understanding of HTML, CSS, Javascript would be beneficial to ramping up quickly. 
ScrapedJobID862:
Analyzing user requirements with Business Process Owners. Implementing and maintaining software documentation throughout its life cycle. Creating technical specifications and test plans. Testing and validating new programs and fault finding. Evaluating and performing risk analysis of the software and systems. Create, update and maintain reports as required. Integrating existing software products and getting incompatible platforms to work together. Writing and testing code and then refining and rewriting as necessary. Writing operational documentation with technical authors. Maintaining systems by troubleshooting, monitoring and correcting software/system defects. Working closely with other staff, such as project managers, other developers, Business Process owners, systems analysts, sales and marketing professionals, etc. Investigating new technologies and leveraging existing technologies to improve business functions Continually updating technical knowledge and skills by attending in-house and external courses, reading manuals and accessing new applications. Comply with the Health & Safety policies of the company and inform Management of unsafe working conditions. Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in a related technical field such as Computer Science or Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience. 2-3 years of professional work experience with Power BI (Tableau experience an asset). 2-3 years of professional work experience in a development role using languages such as C#, python, Java, etc. 2-3 years of professional work experience with databases (Oracle, MySQL,MongoDB etc). Experience with front end development is an asset (CSS, HTML5, JavaScript). Experience in Validated Enterprise Software and required documentation for testing preferred. Knowledge of cGMP, 21 CFR Part 11, EU GMP Annex 11 and software implementation in regulated environments preferred. Smart commute options including complimentary shuttle from Kipling Station, and subsidized transit program. Flexible working hours that complement core business hours. One day off for volunteering, to give back to a charitable organization of your choice. Purposeful work that drives career development, with opportunities to learn and grow by way of on-site training, workshops, and lunch and learn sessions. Comprehensive total rewards package, including tuition reimbursement and lifestyle and health spending account. Well-being initiatives, including onsite gym facility and fitness classes (yoga and boot camp). Employee-friendly work environment, with opportunity to participate in employee-led clubs, organized sports teams, video games, foosball, ping pong, etc. 
ScrapedJobID863:
Build on current architecture in a scalable way Develop new mobile-responsive features Review/improve current features and code Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Ensure integrity of data and improve security measures Write SOP's for future team members Support in recruitment of additional team members Eventually take on leadership role to manager the technology team as an extension of the CTO Knowledge of Objective-C, Android Java and Kotlin and Typescript (with React Native) along with other front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery). Knowledge of multiple back-end languages including (e.g. C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks, specifically Strapi Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Familiarity with gamification for both the website and app Desire to challenge the status-quo and develop new ideas or approaches that haven't been considered Keen to both learn and teach - leadership comes from all levels of the organization but we also always have blind spots we can improve on Willingness to try new approaches or accept ideas from other members on the team Self-Identify as a and experience leading projects/roadmap design Strong capacity for leadership and providing constructive feedback Ability to be both autonomous in your role and collaborative in the team when required Competitive salary Personal electric scooter for the duration of summer STM Metro Pass for Winter season Company laptop Coffee & snacks Monthly team activities and events Health & Dental Insurance 
ScrapedJobID864:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the worlds most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Drawing from UI/UX experiences, prototype user interfaces to present for review Design, implementation, testing and maintenance of UI codebase Follow best practices and standards for all web presentation layer development Collaborate with distributed global development team Work closely with back-end developers to ensure the integrity of the user interface throughout development Bachelor in Computer Science/Computer Engineering preferred or College Diploma with relevant experience 5+ years of UI software development experience UI Designing/Prototyping and UX experience Intermediate to advanced skills in Javascript and experience with JavaScript frameworks preferred (ExtJS, AngularJS, jQuery, etc) Expertise in front-end web technologies, including HTML/CSS3, AJAX, SASS Experience with Source Control systems, including Git RESTful web service experience an asset Java development and/or object-oriented programming experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID865:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID866:
Driving technical and process innovation Working with teams to implement new features and improve the product architecture Working with the Product Manager on new product features Working with our Customer Success department to resolve customer defects Improving the extensive automated build, test and continuous release infrastructure Mentoring junior and intermediate engineers. 7+ years of professional software development experience and a proven ability to deliver. Excellent Java and Javascript programming, testing, and software design experience. Deep experience in Java and Javascript frameworks, libraries and design patterns. Experience working with Spring Boot Framework A strong understanding and belief in modern coding and design principles. Experience building front-end Javascript applications with Angular, React or another leading Javascript framework. Experience working with business analysts and product managers to guide the development of software features from customer problem to delivered solution Experience in writing well-tested software using JUnit and other testing tools. Familiarity with using web APIs with a focus on REST. Knowledge of best practices in software design and Agile development process. Self-motivated, independent, and team-oriented. Burning desire to teach, learn and grow. Experience in building web APIs and software that uses web services. Experience with scripting languages (Ruby, Python, Bash, etc.). Experience with DevOps automation tools (Docker, Chef, Ansible, etc). Experience creating application deployed on cloud architectures (IaaS, Paas, such as Amazon EC2, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack, CloudFoundry, Google App Engine). Experience in creating modular systems with Maven. Contributions to open source projects. 
ScrapedJobID867:
Design and develop APIs and microservices to support customer-facing workflows and third-party integrations Contribute to an agile development team Work in a secure, privacy regulation-compliant, cloud-based environment Manage the entire application lifecycle, including development, testing, troubleshooting, and debugging Secure transfer and storage of confidential patient data Ensure user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Act as a liaison for Khure and its clients and stakeholders Minimum – Bachelor of Applied Science / Engineering / Computer Science (Preferable) 3-4 years of experience with backend technologies, including encryption methodologies Technical expertise in Django, Python, and PHP Understanding of REST/RESTful web services life cycle. Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service Familiarity with SQL/NoSQL databases like SQL Server or MongoDB Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Knowledge of various security & industry standards (REST, SOAP, OAuth, Basic Authentication, PCI, OKTA etc.) Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Basic understanding of front-end frameworks, such as Vue / jsAngular / React Knowledge of software development best practices, governance, security, and various healthcare compliance requirements Experience in Cloud-based environments such as AWS or Azure (Nice to have) Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Backend Technologies: 4 years (preferred) encryption methodologies: 3 years (preferred) Django, Python, and PHP: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID868:

ScrapedJobID869:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID870:
Only applies to full-time positions. Build, and ship the most impactful features in web products. Work with external vendors to establish and enforce good architectural standards. Collaborate with our central technology team to create game services to help support blockchain backed game creation. Ship exceptional user experiences and establish clear definitions of quality. Build accessible, responsive, and performant user experiences. Pragmatic approach to ensure the user experience is optimized to eliminate all pain for our customers. Apply your clear understanding of best practices for technologies similar to React, Redux, or web3.js development with proactive involvement in pair programming sessions. Expertise with front and back end build pipeline tools, such as gulp, sass, typescript, javascript minifiers, source maps, or similar. Proven experience working with large, long lived backend code bases, with a focus on sustainable patterns. High level of fluency with and experience using technologies and frameworks like (but not limited to) these languages - REST, GraphQL, Java/JEE, Node.js, Javascript, React or React Native - or deep experience with relevant transferable technologies. Fluency in Java Spring and/or Vert.x for service application frameworks, kafka, docker, maven and/or gradle, and a wide range of databases and caches such as redis, dynamodb, cassandra, or similar. A passion for efficiency and collaboration, with a history of establishing great relationships across UX, Product Management, Product Marketing, Data, and SEO teams distributed across multiple time zones. Previously worked on branded IP titles/games. Experience working directly with Solana, Ethereum or Blockchain tech. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID871:
Developing front end web application architecture Designing user interactions on web pages Developing back-end website applications Creating servers and databases for functionality Ensuring cross-platform optimization for mobile phones Ensuring responsiveness of applications Working alongside graphic designers for web design features Seeing through a project from conception to finished product Designing and developing APIs Meeting both technical and consumer needs Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages Proficiency with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (ES6). Familiarity with Linux operating systems and Node.js. Degree in computer science or similar discipline. Strong verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and project management skills. Proficiency with JavaScript frameworks such as Meteor and React. Familiarity with server-side languages such as Python and Java. Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL and MongoDB. Good problem-solving skills. Attention to detail. 
ScrapedJobID872:
Provide input on technical design, services architecture, and product features Write and maintain high quality and well-documented code Develop tools, components, and services that are scalable, secure, maintainable, and reliable Build world-class front-end experiences for customers interacting with the tutoring portal. Collaborate with technical leads and product owners to gather and prioritize project requirements Provide foundational services that will enable all tutoring software development teams A diligent Developer, passionate about designing and developing software Solid experience writing RESTful API endpoints Excited by the challenges that come with a rapidly growing and scaling company, and have thrived in this kind of environment Passion for user experience, performance, and uptime Experience with one or more front-end JavaScript frameworks (React, Angular, Vue.js, etc.) Experience working with a NodeJS framework (Express, NestJS, NextJS, etc.) Strong understanding of relational DB and database modeling. Not afraid to stretch yourself outside of your comfort zone to take on new challenges, and have a love for continuous learning Backend: Node.js, GraphQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Redis, AWS, NestJS, Prisma, Typescript Game: HTML5, Canvas, WebGL, Phaser, Pixi, Typescript Frontend: React, React Native, ES6, Typescript, NextJS Experience with: NestJS, NextJS, Typescript, Prisma, Cypress 
ScrapedJobID873:
Develops new prototypes and reference implementations of web, desktop and server application software. Experiments with, implements and contributes to international health information data exchange standards and organizations such as HL7 and IHE, especially in the case of mobility. Modifies existing applications using appropriate methodologies to ensure that all software services meet quality and best practices as set out by the partner. Follows the Scrum methodology for Software Development to ensure that developed software is of excellent quality. Ensures that iteration documentation is maintained and accurate. Provides appropriate reasoning behind changing designs during the implementation phase. Creates test plans and ensures that tests are completed and are of satisfactory quality. Creates quality user interfaces and designs excellent user experiences. Uses the source control system and work item tracking system to ensure that all time worked and feature effort is tracked. Works with applied research staff and partner organizations to identify requirements for prototypes and applications. Provides architectural and design support for applications with respect to web, desktop and server features and functions. Maintains a working knowledge of major technologies and platforms and their capabilities. Participates in design meetings with the Manager, Digital Health Projects, validates the technical merit of requirements documents and functional design specifications for applications. Creates iteration and project plans based on the requirements and functional design specifications (FDS), ensures that features within the FDS are implemented and delivered. Responsible for the documenting of the “as-built” system with the help of co-op students and team members. Uses the work item tracking system to assign work to co-op students for each iteration. Reads and performs research into changes in user interface guidance and hardware, ensures software meets guidance and proposes changes (feature requests) to correct gaps between new hardware features and existing software. Reads computer journals and whitepapers on a regular basis. Creates technical summaries for the Manager, Digital Health Projects. A minimum of three (3) year post-secondary education in Computer Software Analysis & Design or related field of study; or equivalent combination of education and experience. A Canada Health Info Way Standards, Health Level Seven, or Equivalent International Health Standards Technology Certification or experience would be considered an asset. Certification in Scrum/Agile methodologies would be considered an asset. A minimum of two (2) years of experience with development of web and/or desktop applications using Java, C#, .NET, Angular, React, Vue, JavaScript or HTML5, and/or development of server side technology using using Web Services (REST or Soap) and modern database technology (sql or no-sql). At least one of those two years of experience dealing with Agile/Scrum development practices, Scrum Master, JIRA. Technical lead role is an asset. Knowledge of health systems interoperability standards such as IHE, HL7, XML and Services Oriented Architecture development practices. Knowledge of privacy and security approaches when dealing with personal health information. Demonstrated commitment and understanding of human rights, equity, diversity and inclusion with the ability to communicate and work effectively inter-culturally with diverse groups of students, employees and the community. 
ScrapedJobID874:
Architect, build and maintain excellent front end and server side applications in VueJS and NodeJS with clean code. Able to understand, diagnose and then solve deep technical and performance issues across the platform. Actively participate in code reviews and, in growing and coaching of fellow team members.Work as part of a cross-functional team to build backend applications. Implement pixel perfect UIs that match designs. Work with a cross-functional team to design and develop new features. Write tests and perform code reviews to ensure that we're shipping reliable, readable, and reusable code. Communicate clearly regarding architectural issues and design solutions. 5 to 8 years of experience working as a software developer (ideally in some JavaScript technology) at least 3 years as a front end developer in VueJS or other JavaScript frameworks Experience as a NodeJS & JavaScript ES6 (Promises, destructuring, new collections, etc.) & Typescript developer. Should have a good amount of exposure to building highly usable front end products, used by a variety of users at scale Enjoy building products that people use, be able to understand the product creation process and contribute to it Experience with a variety of services to build our front ends, including Social Logins (Google, Meta, LinkedIn), data analytic tracking of users etc. Experience with finance applications, specifically payment processors, portfolio managers and crypto apps Excellent communication skills. Excellent analytical and time management skills. Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude. 
ScrapedJobID875:
Meet with team supervisor to discuss requirements, tasks to be assigned, and project progress Produce technical documentation, sample designs and storyboards Following the existing website architecture or update the website framework and arrange hardware and software to be used for the tasks assigned Research, decide and manage information and materials to be used on the website Design user interfaces for various projects such as digital displays, publications, media, and other creative materials as required Design, develop, implement, and test additional system features and functionality for website Develop and improve the website content using different graphics/videos, database, animation and other software Collaborate with programmers to program, design, write, improve, combine and test code using languages such as HTML or XML Ensure all written code complies with industry standards and is usable on different browsers and devices Monitor, analyze and report web infrastructure performance Analyze website security and implement message encryption and firewalls for better control over confidential information Program test to identify glitches, broken links and other problems before publicly launching any updates Conduct routine maintenance, updates and upgrades Make modifications to maintain a functional website Keep monitoring website traffic and adjust SEO to help position the website at the top of search engine Completion of college diploma or university degree in computer science, web design or related field is required Related work experience as a computer programmer or graphic designer is required Be able to communicate in English Ability to translate business needs to technical specifications Proficiency in front-end development web programming languages such as HTML and CSS, JQuery, and JavaScript Knowledge of content management systems and search engine optimization principles Knowledge of layouts, graphic fundamentals, typography, print, and the web Excellent visual design skills Up-to-date experience with international web protocols, standards, and technologies Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. 
ScrapedJobID876:
Development of applications with C#, Microsoft .NET Framework, and Oracle Database Development of web UI components using a modern front-end framework (Angular, React, Vue, etc.) Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript Design, implementation, testing, and maintenance of software features Understanding the design of large systems and the impact of changes to such systems Experience with source code control and the build environment of a large software solution Some knowledge of relational databases and SQL You're a team player and enjoy working in a dynamic environment You can understand and know how to communicate complex technical issues Your focus is product-centric rather than technology-centric development You have an eye for detail, and it shows in your design, coding, and review You're self-motivated, flexible, pragmatic, proactive, and able to handle a variety of
tasks You're a great team member and show respect, courtesy, and discretion 
ScrapedJobID877:
Work on Initiatives to deliver product features and fixes in a scalable cloud environment based on Heroku. Contribute to design discussions. Collaborate with the team to build upon and improve the product. Troubleshoot Peer Review the work done by others in the team. Participate in all phases of the software development cycle as part of a Scrum team. Support existing production code and improve performance and customer experience. Experience in building a scalable and reliable system solution Demonstrable experience with Modular Development with TDD/BDD Continuous Integration with GitHub, CircleCI Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Good to have experience with BI/AI, AWS, Salesforce 4+ years building high performance applications running in the cloud. 5+ years of experience developing server-side applications. Improving performance, scalability, and reliability of systems Ruby on Rails PostgreSQL TDD/BDD Heroku In-memory database Queuing mechanism Server-side templating languages such as HAML Server-side CSS preprocessors such as SASS 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID878:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm School or educational institution/establishment Startup company Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Visual Basic PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS Ajax JQuery Angular.js D3 Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) Subversion (SVN) Basic security clearance Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Standing for extended periods Willing to relocate MS Windows Linux Internet Database software MAC JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Servers Mail server software Communication software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software API Initiative Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID879:
Get your hands dirty on all levels of our modern front-end codebase (TypeScript/React) Actively look for ways to improve our front-end UX and codebase and participate in front-end architecture decisions Mentor and guide team members in technical knowledge with best coding practices Enjoy a high level of ownership over the deployment and success of your features Work closely with product managers and UX designers to design valuable features with empathy Learn and grow - we offer plenty of opportunities for advancement and a generous learning budget You thrive in a team environment, enjoy collaborating, and are curious about how things work You enjoy the creative process, finding solutions to problems, and relish building products that delight customers You’re passionate about software and stay up to date on the latest developments in the industry (and love to share what excites you!) You aspire to take a high degree of code, process, and delivery responsibility You’re energized by working in a high-paced environment where code backed by automated tests is shipped into production in as fast as a day You develop with empathy and bring your authentic self to work 2-5+ year's experience building web applications as a front-end developer Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience is preferred Broad knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem (Vanilla JS, ES6, TypeScript) Experience with React or other front-end frameworks Experience developing modular user interfaces and familiarity with modern CSS frameworks, tools and workflows Experience with GraphQL is a plus 
ScrapedJobID880:
Develop and write lots of bug-free code to bring a designer’s and product owner’s concept to life using modern technologies such as C# 7.0, ASP.NET 4.7, JavaScript, HTML5 and SCSS. Take ownership in performance tuning, testing, refactoring, improving usability, and automation to consistently deliver readable, maintainable and efficient code. Unit test and take responsibility for the quality of your own code, consistently deliver readable, maintainable and efficient code. Work smart and collaboratively within a cross functional agile squad in CI/CD environment to plan, develop and deliver complex responsive web applications. Plan, debate and peer program within the squad to produce better solutions. Stay informed and up-to-date with new and emerging tools, libraries, and best. practices, as well as share ideas with the team for continuous improvement of the tool-chain and development process. 3+ years professional experience in all stages of definition, design, implementation, testing, and deployment of web-based software solutions 3+ years of professional experience in all of the following tools and technologies:.NET, C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server and client-side technologies Hands on experience using testing frameworks (ie. NUnit, Visual Studio, xUnit, etc) and TDD Results driven, detail oriented with strong organizational skills, and attention to programming style and neatness are required Strong communication skills, written and verbal Familiar with Agile (Scrum) and XP Software Development Process and methodologies Health, wellness and lifestyle benefits to balance your heart, mind, and body. Pension matching and Employee Equity Incentives to support your financial health. Unlimited paid time off so you can really recharge and enjoy life. Enough said. Flexible working environment. Choose your home, one of our trendy offices or mix it up. Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is important. And an amazing culture to top it all off! 
ScrapedJobID881:
An interest in working in a client service role – advocating for the positive long-term impacts of code health and smooth developer experience, while being sensitive to client goals and timelines An understanding of engineering for the web: client/server architecture, REST, and modern best practices The ability to communicate the benefits of technical solutions to non-technical project stakeholders effectively Patience and drive to both learn from and mentor others 5+ years of software development experience 4+ years of professional experience in a JavaScript stack 2+ years of professional experience in React specifically JavaScript, both modern techniques and core concepts Deep knowledge of React and the surrounding open source ecosystem Semantic HTML Git, especially with teams Front-end build tooling (Webpack/Parcel, Babel, NPM/Yarn) Front-end testing libraries and methods (Jest/Enzyme/react-testing-library) Web accessibility/a11y Mentorship experience Experience leading teams Familiarity with Node frameworks like Express Familiarity with persistence layers like MongoDB or PostgreSQL Familiarity with Typescript Experience writing GraphQL resolvers and queries Open Source contributor Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision 16 days of PTO annually in addition to 10 statutory holidays Unlimited sick time Flexible work schedules A Home Office Stipend so you can buy a desk, monitor, and more A MacBook Pro, or equivalent Windows or Linux laptop Annual Health & Wellness bonus An encouraging and collaborative culture ...and much more to support your life, both at work and outside of work! 
ScrapedJobID882:
10 years of development experience, with 5 in web UI development. Hands-on experience with javascript frameworks such as React, Bootstrap, Meteor etc. REST service development knowledge as an added advantage. Knowledge on AngularJS 2 would be an added advantage. Experience in native mobile development on IOS or Android is a plus. Ability to analyze and resolve technical issues and problems. Experience in the full development lifecycle. Good oral and written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID883:
Develop, and test UI for web applications Build reusable code and libraries for future use Speak up when something can be done better Be a partner to ensure the technical feasibility of UX designs 2+ years of experience building responsive web interfaces that are mobile-ready using JS frameworks. At least 1 year experience shipping sites with React Can spot misaligned pixels/components a mile away, and are willing to do something about it Familiarity with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID884:
You will cultivate a deep understanding of the portfolio of applications we utilize, along with their respective strengths and weaknesses, to provide solutions to existing and future challenges. You will be part of a frontend team, with full ownership and responsibility for setting best practices and raising the bar You will work with other front-end engineers in the organization to raise the bar for product and code quality within the web product You will assist in the design of software components to enhance our portfolio. Working in agile scrum teams, you will work closely with Project and Product Managers, Designers, other teams, and both internal and external stakeholders, owning a large part of the process from problem understanding to shipping the solution You will maintain our high engineering standards and bring consistency to our codebase You will ship high quality, scalable and robust solutions with a sense of urgency You will have the freedom to recommend and drive organization-wide initiatives You have a minimum 3+ years of professional experience with React and Redux You possess a strong knowledge of modern front-end build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc.) You have a strong knowledge of/and experience with at lease one of the front-end testing frameworks (Jest, Enzyme, Sonarqube, Lighthouse, and contract tests among other tools and practices) You have a strong understanding of systems and microservices design You have a strong understanding of security architecture You have a some understanding of cloud architecture in GCP and a solid CI/CD experience (GitLab IC, Jenkins) You are opinionated about what it takes to produce great software but remain receptive to other's ideas. You care about ownership and you proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug. You are experienced with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty. You make decisions based on data. You are versed with tools to measure every aspect of the application. You have developed large applications in a team environment. You are not afraid of changes. Armed with excellent refactoring techniques, you work effectively with legacy code. You are a good communicator. You are able to present complicated solutions to non-technical audience in a simple and logical way. Experience working with APIs [GraphQL /REST] and webhooks Experience in building large scalable front-end systems Experience integrating and weaving together multiple internal systems on a cross functional team Familiar with SPA vs SSR vs Static Sites, trade-offs, performance considerations Strong knowledge of the modern JavaScript ecosystem and best practices 
ScrapedJobID885:
Pro-actively engage with the development teams to define the product features, specifications and requirements. Research on existing web technologies to design and implement for the product (JavaScript/Typescript, CSS3/CSS Framework, React/AngularJS). Design and development of web-based network management applications from high level architecture and network infrastructure to low level creation of site layout, user experience, database schema, data structure, workflow, graphics, unit testing, end to end integration testing, etc. Work across functionally with product team and other development teams to ensure complete coverage of features, scalability and capabilities of the product’s thin client requirement. Serve as the subject matter expert for both internal network engineers and outside customers. BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience. 3+ years of experience with web development. Expertise working with large-scale front-end codebases. Solid understanding of JavaScript/Typescript language with latest specs Solid understanding of OOP, FP, MVC/MVVM. Familiar with at least one web framework (React/AngularJS/Angular). Hands-on experience in writing cross-browser compliant HTML5 & CSS3. Hands-on experience in HTML graphic programming (canvas, WebGL) and supporting libraries (ex. Go.js, D3, Paper.js). Familiar with client-side performance tuning. Familiar with at least one server-side language, such as C#, Java a plus. Fluent in Mandarin. 
ScrapedJobID886:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID887:
Meeting with stakeholders to discuss website UX and functional needs Building the website front-end from provided designs Manage the website back-end including database and server integration. A large part of management is of a customer Insights engine created within WP Maintain website uptime (working with internal IT team), run frequent maintenance, and keep versions (i.e. WordPress, PHP, and Plugins) updated Monitor and optimize website security and performance Bachelor's degree in computer science or a similar field Proven work experience as a WordPress developer and site manager - expert level required Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, JSON, and jQuery Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages, optimized for both mobile and desktop screens Strong understanding of PHP back-end development Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics best practices, and observing trends to discover innovative new ways to grow our experience Experience in managing web hosting and security to ensure uptime and site performance, including CDN management Good understanding of content marketing and how it is delivered only, including working with multiple formats. (i.e downloads, videos) Ability to manage projects (we use Monday.com) Good communication skills Experience with Google Cloud marketing tools (i.e. Google Analytics, Tag Manager) BONUS: Experience with HubSpot, CRM (email marketing), SEO best practices Proficiency in Google Workspace products will help you smoothly communicate with team members as well as boost your own productivity Knowledge of Google Cloud can also aid you Make them rave Be data-driven Think one step ahead Drive purposeful impact Do the right thing 
ScrapedJobID888:
Have 6+ years of practical experience developing distributed service-based applications Have a track record of designing, developing and shipping complex software projects that required cross-team collaboration Have a passion for Javascript and modern web development Have strong debugging and systems analysis skills to be able to identify and quickly resolve or mitigate issues Have excellent oral and written communication skills The ideal candidate for this position would: Experience using Typescript, React, Eslint, Prettier, Jest, StoryBook, Next.js, and Material UI is a plus Have comfortable familiarity with AWS services If this opportunity sounds interesting to you, please drop us a line, we'd love to chat! Exceptional base salary plus bonus structure Comprehensive benefits which include, medical, dental, vision, 401K and more Unlimited paid vacation, sick leave, plus paid holidays. Growth opportunities, advance your career rapidly, we offer leadership development training and promote from within. Ongoing coaching and career development including individual and group coaching sessions. Fast paced, high performance environment. 
ScrapedJobID889:
Experience using several languages (e.g. Java, Go, Node, C#, C++, Python, etc..). Expert or near expert in modern Web Technologies (i.e. JavaScript, Typescript, ECMAScript 6, webpack, Babel, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, SAAS, HTTP, CORS). Experience using the React JavaScript framework with Redux. Experience using RESTful services or Web APIS Experience with Docker. Responsive User Interface design and cross-browser compatibility skills. A creative and detail oriented personality. Understanding of Web security principles. Understanding of Blockchain technologies and/or cryptography (Nice to have). Excellent communication skills and willingness to be a subject matter expert. Willingness to learn new things and work on a team. A university degree specializing in computer science or engineering or equivalent experience is preferred. All applicants must be legal to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID890:
Understanding UI, cross-browser compatibility, and general web functionality and standards Utilizing web applications and programming languages Collaborating with team members to determine the website’s layout, content, and design Writing code for websites and working in WordPress CMS Creating and testing web apps Monitoring analytics and adjusting for SEO best practices Creating systems of automation for internal efficiencies (familiarity with ERP systems, preferably in a manufacturing setting) Understanding programing and formatting languages like PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Python, HTML5, CSS, etc. Experience with relational and non-relational databases and connections Basic UI/UX design Excellent writing and communication skills Problem solving and creative thinking Self-motivation and good time management Experience developing WordPress plugins Experience developing WordPress themes/templates using Elementor Experience working with AWS Server Solutions Experience with data capture, analysis, and monetization Experience with open-source technology An obsession for quality control and assurance with app testing and design Stays up to date with everything to do with IoT Project management skills, such as Agile project management methodology Truly believes in that “it’s always been done this way” type of thinking is one of the most dangerous statements and is always looking for a better way of doing things Can accomplish tasks on time through accountability Has outstanding communication and interpersonal skills Has excellent organizational and leadership skills with a problem-solving ability Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) UI development: 3 years (preferred) Web design: 3 years (preferred) IT: 3 years (preferred) Digital marketing: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID891:
Setting direction for the front-end architecture. Including decisions around selection of libraries, build optimizations, etc... Improve developer experience by ensuring your team is working with the best tools available Lead a team of 5 front-end engineers Knowledge of responsive development standards Mentorship of more junior employees Leadership role in story pointing/estimation & architecture review Monitoring and implementing application performance and code hygiene standards from a front-end perspective Defining optimal approaches for test coverage Stay up to date with security best practices and writing defensive code to protect the system against common front-end attacks, such as XSS, injection flaws, and CSRF Qualifications Solid experience with JavaScript fundamentals Extensive experience with front-end frameworks like React, Angular and Web Components Deep understanding of the build lifecycle with tools such as grunt/gulp/webpack Solid experience in optimizing page rendering, refactoring for a large SaaS application Solid experience in managing large CSS structures Good understanding of REST API conventions and reasonable request patterns Experience writing unit tests Experience with guiding a team of engineers and with agile development processes Experience working on a large codebase in a team environment A solid understanding of Git Collaborative orientation and sparkling interpersonal skills 
ScrapedJobID892:
Be exposed to and impact real business challenges Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and build pipeline Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications, with at least 8+ years of experience Build with modern JavaScript and front-end frameworks Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results. Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources 
ScrapedJobID893:
Be exposed to and impact real business challenges Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and build pipeline Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications, with at least 8+ years of experience Build with modern JavaScript and front-end frameworks Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results. Healthcare coverage Retirement Plans Employee Stock Purchase Program Wellness perks Paid parental leave Paid time off Learning and Development resources 
ScrapedJobID894:

ScrapedJobID895:

ScrapedJobID896:
Work with the Lead Developer and Development team members to align IT application projects that meet company’s vision and commercialization plan Design, develop and maintain efficient and reliable code Optimize the existing code by providing solutions to positively impact the user experience and maximize performance Support the development team through development, testing and implementation stages and review the completed work effectively Provide direction and technical expertise in design, development and systems integration Train junior team members when in capacity as a mentor Provide realistic timelines for development cycle and milestones, delivering projects in a timely manner and going the extra mile for mission critical deadlines Have good understanding of mobile development for both iOS and Android Collaborate with QA and customer support team members. Eager to learn new technologies, if needed Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience 3+ years experience on ReactJS 1+ years experience on React Native development experience 3+ years experience on HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript. 2+ years experience on MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular, Node) experience 2+ years experience on Node.js experience Experience working with a variety of SQL and NoSQL data stores (PostgresSQL, Aurora, Hadoop, DynamoDB, S3, BigQuery) Experience with Git and Gitflow Experience with TypeScript Experience on LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) Development considered an asset Leadership experience considered an asset Familiar with or strong interest in artificial intelligence and machine learning Team spirit; strong communication skills to collaborate with various stakeholders Sharp analytical and problem-solving skills Competitive salary Extended health/dental/vision coverage An amazing team environment Weekly lunches and bottomless coffee and snacks Monthly and quarterly team building activities (fun ones) Ping pong, foosball and darts Office massages and subsidized fitness membership Support for professional development (BCTIA access) Subsidies for continuing education Paid vacation and sick days Paid time to celebrate your Birthday Paid volunteer time to give back to the community Flexible work schedules and work from home days 
ScrapedJobID897:
End-to-end development of software systems from architecture and design through development to deployments and maintenance. Provides input to the technology leadership, project management and account teams to define deliverables and timelines. Experiment with and evaluate new technologies 3-5 years developing website and web applications Extensive experience with modern HTML, JavaScript, and CSS Hands-on experience of node.js, React/Angular or other modern JavaScript technologies Applied knowledge of web and mobile development best practices Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Understanding of programming fundamentals and development process and strategies (ie: software development models, database systems, TDD, unit tests, domain driven design, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Team orientation and sparkling interpersonal skills Postsecondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, the Sciences or Mathematics. Experience with continuous deployment tools We expect all of our developers to be exceptionally proficient at coding. As a self-check, you should be able to do the following questions in your sleep using your favourite programming language. Reverse a simple words-only sentence ("bob likes dogs" -> "dogs likes bob") Write jQuery code to log the value of a select element every time it changes. 
ScrapedJobID898:
Collaborate with other Committee members to identify business needs to inform website design and functionality Conceptualize visuals based on requirements; design and build front-end website and create website architecture Design and manage website back-end including database and server integration Leverage WordPress to generate themes and plugins Troubleshoot content issues and update content on the live website Attend committee meetings and contribute to general operations and strategy discussions Familiarity with web design software and technologies including WordPress A keen eye for aesthetics and details Highly organized and resourceful Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting Passionate about using your expertise as a part of an organization that gives back to local children What skills or experiences are you hoping to gain through this volunteer opportunity at Daytrippers Children's Charity? 
ScrapedJobID899:
Teach a variety of Web Development technologies, skills, and best practices across our Accelerated Web Development Course, JavaScript Course, and Web Development Bootcamp through lessons, code-alongs, and interactive exercises Work 1 on 1 with students to provide in-class and project support Help resolve issues and coach through code debugging and technical problem-solving Collaborate with other instructors to solve student experience and lesson delivery issues Contribute to the maintenance and improvement of our courses’ curriculum through Juno’s established curriculum change process), according to the Curriculum Roadmap Contribute to the creation of an inclusive and positive learning environment by regularly reviewing best practices, attending staff meetings and workshops, and bringing genuine care and personality to interactions within the Juno community Participate in supporting student and community events Have a strong understanding of modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript features and usage Be comfortable programming with React or another, similar, front-end framework Be comfortable using a text editor such as VS Code or SublimeText, Be comfortable using Git and GitHub Have excellent verbal communication skills Be collaborative, energetic, and empathetic Be a skilled technical problem solver Hold a degree, diploma, or certificate from an Ontario college, university, private career college, or equivalent AND have at least 24 months occupational web development experience, OR Have at least 36 months of teaching experience, and 24 months occupational web development experience, OR Have at least 48 months of occupational web development experience Position type: full-time, permanent Salary band: $60 000-$75 000 Clear growth paths 3 weeks paid vacation, annually 7 paid personal emergency days a year End of year closure from December 24th to the New Year Comprehensive benefits package, including Health and Travel benefits, a Health Spending Account, access to an Employee & Family Assistance Program, coverage with the Personalized Prescription Plan, and more Pregnancy & parental leave policy (plus we top up all employees to 75% for three months) Personal & professional development budget, internal tools, community events, and access to Juno’s courses for free & more Qualified candidates will receive an invitation to book a short phone chat with the hiring manager - usually 15 to 30 minutes - to discuss qualifications, your interest in the role and joining the Juno team, and to answer any questions you may have about the position. Candidates who move on to the next step will be invited to a 1 hour interview comprised of 2 parts: a) A practical, role-related assignment (e.g. instructor candidates will be provided 3 lessons, choose one, and will teach a 30 minute section of the chosen lesson to the hiring manager and 2-3 other team members), and b) A 30 minute behavioural interview with the hiring manager(s) to assess your competencies and discuss your experience in relation to the role All candidates who move on to step two will either receive an invite to the final interview - a short chat with Juno’s CEO, Heather Payne to discuss your background and interest in joining the Juno team, or a confirmation they will not be moving on in the process 
ScrapedJobID900:
Develop mobile applications for Android and IOS from start to finish. Design and develop responsive websites. Design, program, debug, test and deploy from inception to completion: managing the design, development, testing and implementation. Work well under pressure and react to quick turnaround times when called upon to generate ad hoc reports, create and submit scripts for any data changes. Build subscription platform with inventory upload and management mobile app and website. Plan and execute design for the app and website with the help of the team. Continue to maintain and improve user experience Create the platform for national and international consumers Able to work independently Website management and enhancement of all online content. Build Custom websites using technologies such as Django, React, HTML, SASS/CSS and JavaScript. Build websites in WordPress, Shopify, WooCommerce, and other web building tools. Conduct research and assist with new business scoping efforts Requirements. Work with and have good working knowledge of version control, unit test authoring, code review, and deployment strategies. Knowledge of object-oriented programming and design. Deliver tangible value-adds such as documentation, training materials, or presentations that grow our front-end capabilities. Experience with IOS and Android development and web development. Be knowledgeable in user experience design and layout on mobile platforms. Must be experienced enough to know and suggest applications technologies to use Experience and interest in web application security. Experience and interest in performance, load, and scalability issues. You are curious and are always striving to improve yourself. You are a rational and critical thinker. General love of development and can quickly adopt new technologies. Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills. Previous experience with subscription and delivery app/web development will be considered an asset. Experience with E-commerce site development will be considered and asset. Experience with Python and Python-based web frameworks, such as Django and Flask. Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills. Experience in developing applications for a cloud environment such as Azure. Bonus pay Commission pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Store discount Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you located in Calgary? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID901:
Make every user interaction with our product a delightful and polished experience. Contribute to the ideation, technical design, implementation, and testing of product features. Improve technical skills and share knowledge with the rest of the team. Adopt best practices in software development and refine our workflow. Ship features with the users in mind and strive to provide them with a great experience. Identify areas where our technical stack can be improved, prioritize them with the team, and contribute to their implementation. Has 5 years + experience in building frontend applications using the latest technologies. Is an expert in CSS and CSS pre-processors. Is an expert in building JavaScript applications. Has experience working with React. Has experience optimizing the performance of web applications. Has a good eye for design and a solid understanding of user experience principles. Has shipped high-quality code in a fast-paced environment. Has great communication skills; you work well with others to make the product better every day. Can collaborate with marketing, product, and design to move the product forward. Experience with web application security and/or blockchain interactions would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID902:
Is process oriented, can execute on multiple projects in parallel and ensure the on-time release of well tested and reliable code. Will provide technical expertise and mentorship to associate level team members and help to define and drive best practices across the division. Uses development techniques to optimize software across a vast array of devices and browsers while able to discuss the trade-offs between different techniques. 5+ years, of hands-on development experience. Highly proficient in JavaScript / ES6and the Document Object Model. Strong foundation in React and its core principles Familiar with popular React.js workflows, such as Redux. Experience with common front-end development tools such as Webpack and NPM. Experience with HTML5 and CSS pre-processors. Highly proficient with version control systems, especially GIT, a plus. Highly proficient in at least one objected oriented language: Java or C# etc. Experience using and implementing RESTful APIs. Experience working with React Native a plus. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline. 
ScrapedJobID903:
Responsible for front-end and back-end development of interactive HTML5 advertisements and responsive landing pages Participate in translating advertisement/landing page requirements into functional specifications/wireframes that are intuitive in their design and adaptable to clients' changing needs Translate conceptual advanced API integrations and HTML5/CSS/JavaScript elements into working interactive components Manage all production aspects of an ad campaign including requirements gathering, project planning (statement of work, work-back schedule), design conception/storyboard, production (development), revision cycles management, analytics implementation, quality assurance/usability testing, trafficking support Apply QA and debugging methods to ensure ads are functioning to spec and are released with a high-quality standard Develop automation processes and test scripts that accelerate process improvements Contribute to ongoing feature ideation, product development, enhancements, maintenance and technical documentation Generate deliverables with high accuracy under tight timelines Be sufficiently organized to manage multiple divergent priorities 2-4 years of experience working in each of the following languages: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery 1-3 years of experience working with Adobe Creative products (Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro) Hands on experience with API integrations (e.g. Google Maps, Weather, Facebook, Twitter) Bachelor's degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Technical/Interactive Development field or equivalent professional experience Natural ability and appetite to quickly learn new technical systems and procedures Resourceful, proactive, quick-minded problem solver with an optimistic outlook and entrepreneurial drive Demonstrated aptitude to thrive in a process-driven environment where procedures and protocols must be followed with extreme precision A strong communicator both verbal and written [English]; French language skills are a plus Strong organizational and time-management skills Ability to navigate multiple divergent priorities while maintaining high productivity Strong quantitative, analytical, data interpretation and research skills Experience with Google Web Designer, Google Marketing Platform (Studio), Google Cloud Platform, Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics Experience with Python (programming language), Adobe After Effects (video effects software), Greensock TweenMax (animation tweens) A Google Marketing Platform QA certification, Google Cloud certification or related experience or certification Experience in digital ad production in an advertising agency Knowledge of the digital media landscape, including key technologies, business models, standards/guidelines, technology platforms and product Proficient coder with an eye for design Natural problem solver who enjoys a good challenge A lifelong learner Able to take direction and work independently Excel in high pressure situations Excellent communicator who can convey complex technical concepts in simple terms Resourceful and solution focused Willingness to do whatever needs to be done to get it right Value being part of a team and working collaboratively Tight-knit, teamwork culture Training and development Flexible hours Remote work options Comprehensive benefits Casual dress code Team socials Stocked office kitchen (post-Covid) Beautiful, open, pet-friendly environment in a vibrant location (post-Covid) Tailored virtual onboarding IT equipment and supplies delivered to your doorstep 
ScrapedJobID904:
Develop responsive web applications from end-to-end using JavaScript/TypeScript frontend and backend frameworks (Angular, ReactjS node.js/NestJS) Use cloud native development practices with Azure managed services and Kubernetes Services. Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements. Analyze, design and develop software features and enhancements, and take full ownership of the tasks assigned. Interact with product managers, UX designers and users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications. Analyze, design, program, debug and modify software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked or Internet-related computer programs. Interact with product managers and/or users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications. Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements. Write technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements. A Bachelor’s degree in computer engineering, computer science or other related discipline or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. JavaScript/TypeScript Angular, ReactjS node.js/NestJS Experience designing and maintaining quality APIs. Understanding of design patterns and their application Fluent in developing and understanding sequence diagrams, class models, etc. You are passionate about quality software development and you are able to help and mentor other developers. You are imaginative, curious, resourceful and open to new ideas and trying new paths. You have an inquisitive outlook, and like to learn continuously. You are collaborative; you actively involve others and listen to what they have to say. You contribute ideas and build upon the ideas of others. You are motivated by complex challenges and love finding the best solutions possible. Excellent analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, team and time management skills An Outstanding verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization, e.g., executive, management, individual contributors. Expertise with E-Commerce Platforms and Angular and node.js / Nest JS development. Experience designing and implementing applications and knowledgeable in the latest technologies involved in E-Commerce development. Expertise with HTML, CSS, ReactJS, JavaScript & TypeScript. Experience with Kubernetes and cloud platforms. Experience with enterprise systems like integration platforms & workflow engines. Experience working in a Scrum/Agile team. Competitive salary and attractive benefits including medical dental coverage and Retirement. A variety of career development tools, resources and opportunities The chance to work on some of the most challenging, relevant issues in financial services & technology 
ScrapedJobID905:
Has a working understanding of design patterns and architecture; understands what makes software testable and maintainable and includes these principles in the work Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with project stakeholders; studying client systems' flow and work processes; identifying and investigating problem areas Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clean code Updates job knowledge by studying the latest development tools and programming techniques; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; participating in professional organizations Employs technical expertise to lay the groundwork for effective project management Assists Project Manager to determine operational feasibility through analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and solution proposal Provides technical background input while collaboratively generating project estimates/ rough orders of magnitude with the Project Manager Adapts leadership style to leverage team members' motivations and strengths while helping them to overcome weaknesses Supports and develops software developers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities Works collaboratively with others to achieve goals Makes informed decisions quickly and takes ownership of technology choices, project pace, and direction Strong Javascript development experience. Strong Javascript Framework experience such as AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS. Strong HTML, CSS and SASS development experience. Responsible and accountable – You can own a task, and deliver it with high precision, independently, even on a short timeline. Eye for quality – You enjoy working on quality products and aim for a good user experience. Pro minimum viable product – You believe in iteration based on data. You believe in building the smallest version of a feature to prove it first, even when it means being scrappy. Problem solver – excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, as well as the capacity to think creatively under pressure. Team player – You work well with a team and are good at giving and receiving feedback. You enjoy celebrating wins with your team! *nix friendly – accustomed to developing software in a *nix environment (Mac, Linux, Unix, BSD) Education – Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent working experience Phonegap / Cordova experience Experience working as a third party JS vendor, facing issues such as cross-domain communication Experience building responsive websites and web apps Experience working on single-page applications Experience working cloud based architectures, particularly AWS Experience with Silex / Laravel Git experience Work in a scrum environment Sane working hours (with flexible scheduling). The team is small and agile, so you will have a direct impact on the product, but big enough that you are never alone. While our office in Montreal is available to everyone, a flexible work from home program is currently the norm. Health care and dental coverage for all full time employees (Blue Cross) National telemedicine service, paid for by the company for full time employees enrolled in benefits programs. Generous compensation and stock options. Everyone at Salesfloor is agile, engaged and ready to contribute to impact the growth of our business. Seasoned employees, new hires and founders all work together and help each other every day. Founders and leadership team have a proven track record for successful start-ups and previous exits. 
ScrapedJobID906:
Troubleshoot Software Development issues Create Build and Run Book Documentation, Knowledge Base Articles and Training Videos Capture all configurations within Release Notes Provide Daily Reports of tasks and activities To design and develop the corporate website ensuring strong functionality and optimization To design and develop relational database systems and their web interfaces Responsible for integrating the SQL Server, Access or Oracle databases with the company website Responsible for the design of company web pages Including graphics, animation and functionality To develop web page infrastructure and application related to pages with more advanced graphics and features To assist the Company Director in the planning of overall company strategy regarding web development and search engine optimization To monitor web server and site technical performance Code, test and troubleshoot web development issues utilizing the appropriate hardware, database, and programming technology Maintain and modify websites Make approved changes by amending flow charts, develop detailed web programming logic, and coding changes Test and develop web programming modifications Write new web programming code using prescribed specifications Evaluate simple interrelationships between web applications such as whether a contemplated change in one part of a program would cause unwanted results in a related part Analyze performance of web sites and take action to correct deficiencies based on consultation with users and approval of supervisor Confer with users to gain understanding of needed changes or modifications of existing websites Resolve questions of websites intent, data input, output requirements, and inclusion of internal checks and controls Write and maintain web programming documentation Analyze websites programming solutions compatibility against multiple web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Safari, Google Chrome and Firefox Maintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed Document web programming problems and resolutions for future reference Assist personnel of other departments as a computer resource Provide on-the-job training to new department staff members Provide computer orientation to new company staff Other duties as assigned College Diploma / University Degree in any IT related field 3 to 5 years of web development experience Customer Service and problem resolution skills Proper phone mannerism Ability to Collaborate and work well with associates Effective Organization and Reporting skills (reports of work progress, research and client communication/collaboration) Business reading, writing, and arithmetic skills required Knowledge of company web development procedures and web programming languages Ability to process computer data and to format and generate reports Ability to implement and troubleshoot web programming changes and modifications Knowledge of computer flow charts and of web programming logic and codes Ability to write technical instructions in the use of web applications and/or program modifications Ability to investigate and analyze information and to draw conclusions Ability to learn and support new systems and web site applications Quality Assurance Testing and Validation Experience Work with users requires interpersonal skills Development experience (any language ie Asp Dot Net, Javascript, Java, PHP, Ajax, CSS, HTML, Wordpress) Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access Database, Oracle and MySQL IIS Server, Apache Web Server Experience MAC OS X, Linux and Unix Experience 
ScrapedJobID907:
Design, build and deploy features end to end. You are responsible for breaking down high level features into tasks that can ship to prod. Code quickly and test thoroughly - Maintain the balance between velocity and code health. Work on a team - Collaborate with other engineers to design and architect features. Know when to ask for help when you are stuck. Write well-documented, clean, testable code 3+ years experience of working on React web frontend development Significant experience with markup languages, JavaScript, CSS and jQuery Excellent understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Knowledge of browser testing and debugging Excellent analytical and multitasking skills with an ability to perform well in a dynamic environment BSc degree in Computer Science or other relevant area 
ScrapedJobID908:
Experience in developing and leading software projects from concept to production. Take ownership of system components as they become needed and drive them to production. Work with the Front End, Platform, and ML Engineering teams to collectively solve current challenges and anticipate future ones. Ensure quality stories are first-class citizens in our software development process. Guide and mentor junior developers, perform code reviews, and work in an agile environment Work in relevant open-source communities to contribute features and bug fixes Proven experience in the following software development languages: JavaScript [React, Redux, Saga] CSS HTML Experience in developing and leading software projects from concept to production. Experience extracting user-feedback and improving products. Strong communication skills and proven ability to work well in teams. Ability to write clear, well-structured, and documented code. Experience leading a team of junior developers Experience working in an Agile environment (Scrum, Kanban) Ability to translate technical requirements/issues into layman terms or vice versa Competitive salary, annual bonus, publicly traded stock options Enhanced employee group benefits Annual wellness allowance Mobile phone allowance Annual education allowance Patriot One Technologies is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To learn more about Diversity and Governance policies, please visit https://patriot1tech.com/about/governance/ 
ScrapedJobID909:
Building web applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing Defining the architecture for new web developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: Work with users and business analysts to understand user needs and translate requirements into systems Propose designs and implement the project accordingly Review and design the architecture for the new systems Estimate effort and ensure timely delivery Ensure agile and continuous delivery methodology is followed Ensure code is well tested Ensure that release management / change management processes are followed Be responsible for the 2nd and 3rd level of support Assist the support team in the rollout of releases Give clear and consistent reports to the clients and management Assess risks and develop contingent strategies Collaborate with others teams (networking, systems, quality insurance, support, architects, others development teams..). Rely on IT best practices to improve quality of development Participate as a motivated, proactive and highly contributing member of the global team Manage several streams of work concurrently Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Good written and verbal communication skills Strong knowledge of programming design patterns Team player Dynamic, detail oriented, fast learning capacity and able to work in a high-pressure environment Previous significant experience as a developer in an investment banking environment (plus) BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Degree in finance (plus) French spoken and written (plus) Full stack C# / Angular HTML5, CSS3 and ES6 Experience with RESTful services Working in an Agile development team TDD/BDD and its practical implementation commonly used design patterns and multi-threading Dependency Injection An understanding of version control SVN &amp; GIT An understanding of continuous integration and continuous delivery Other object-oriented design languages and methodologies (Java, C/C++) (plus) Test automation tools (plus) Python (plus) Excel / VBA development (plus) MS SQL Server database (plus) Join an international group of IT Consulting Service, committed to the digital transformation of its customers for 20 years. Join a Canadian group with more than 100 consultants, working in an agile and pragmatic way with large companies (Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public sector) by combining consulting services / technological expertise / innovation / ability to deliver and deploy projects Join dynamic teams, where the role of the employee is at the center of attention, with the desire to create spaces allowing everyone to flourish Have the opportunity to access the different communities to contribute to development and to innovate, all with a strong team spirit and entrepreneurship 
ScrapedJobID910:
Analyze highly complex business requirements; generate technical specifications to design or redesign complex software components and applications Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts Leverage industry best practices to design, test, implement and support a solution Assure quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area Be flexible and thrive in an evolving environment Adapt to change quickly and adjust work accordingly in a positive manner Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with the bank’s Values, its Code of Conduct, and the Global Sales Principles, while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions, and conduct risk. 7+ years experience with Web and Cloud technologies (preferred Microsoft Azure At least 5 years of hands on experience with Development experience in needed language or technology Hands on experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large-scale projects from end-to-end Hands on experience in following the iterative and agile SDLC 1-2 years of prior experience in level 1 production support J2EE technologies - Java, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP, REST) Web application technologies - Restful APIs, Spring, Spring Boot, JSON Database experience - DB2, SQL Build management and code deployment experience - IBM Websphere, Azure CDP (Cloud Development Platform) Understand HTTPS, TLS/SSL and has experience on generate certificate Monitoring tools - Splunk Source code repository - Bitbucket, Git, SourceTree, Clearcase J2EE technologies - JSP, JSF, Servlets, EJB, , JNDI and JMS IDE tools - Eclipse, IntelliJ, IBM RAD, WebLogic Workbench, STS (SpringToolSuite), etc. Web application technologies - JavaScript, jQuery, CSS/CSS3, AJAX, AngularJS/Angular2+, React, NodeJS, HTML5 and bootstrap Database experience - Azure SQL, Redis Cache, MySQL Build management and code deployment experience - Azure CI/CD DevOps pipeline, BEA WebLogic, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Gradle Understand Keystore, Key Vault and others like Active Directory, Kerberos, MFA for user and application authentication. Logging and testing – Junit, Log4J, PowerMock, Jest, Protractor, Jasmine, Selenium Code quality / security vulnerability scanning tools - Fortify, Pentest, BlackDuck Other software development tools - Atlassian Confluence and JIRA Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Must be fluent in English, oral and written, with excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills to understand, document and share key system information with their colleagues, support groups, other technical staff, business partners and management. Takes accountability for results and exhibits a “can do attitude”. Self-starter with a desire to learn and contribute. Has an appetite to continuously evolve and improve, to tackle difficult problems and seek/give constant feedback. Embraces change and sees it as an essential driver to solve complex issues. Demonstrates flexibility and can move forward without having all the answers. Consistently seeks to understand, meet, and deliver on customers’ expectations. Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID911:
Write, test and deploy code for various applications to meet business needs as they arise Participate in architecture design decisions, and investigate SDKs, frameworks and APIs Support internal processes through the creation of data models, workflows and automation ‘First Line’ responder to our helpdesk call center Support internal processes through the creation of workflows and automation Support company training and continuous improvement initiatives by knowledge sharing Computer Science degree, or Web Development / Data Analytics related diploma, with a skillset proven through relevant work experience or personal projects Adept in developing Web interfaces by understanding the user workflow according to the requirements Knowledge of MS Azure Serverless offerings eg. Function App, Event Hub, B2C Active Directory React, Typescript, HTML5, ASP.net, MVC.net, C#, VB.net, Java, CSS, JavaScript, IIS, MS SQL Server Aptitude developing applications leveraging JSON or XML based RESTful APIs Ability to learn utilization of networking, permissions, virtualized systems, AD, Windows services Proficiency in data analysis, modelling and visualization using modern Business Intelligence tools Knowledge of object-oriented programming, client server architecture, relational database management Knowledge of Data Science / Machine Learning related technologies will be considered an asset Air-conditioned manufacturing facility Health, dental, vision care Life insurance Company pension plan Tuition reimbursement Employee Assistance Plan Retirement benefits Wellness committee 
ScrapedJobID912:
Flexible work schedule. Never have the feeling of being late again! Unlimited paid time off. Want a few extra vacation days for your overseas trip? No problem. Need to extend your weekend staycation? Just let us know! Birthday and work anniversary celebrations. We love to celebrate you! We’ll gift you gift cards or dinner for these special occasions. We promise not to make you awkwardly stand there while we sing “happy birthday” to you. Remote work options available. Work where you work best (though this may vary on the type of role and responsibilities). Many of our team members are working from home 80-90% of the year (permanent work-from-home opportunities available). Drop-And-Go Offices available. Prefer a change of scenery or tired of hearing your roommate's daily 9am Zoom calls? We have frequently sanitized, recently renovated, and pet-friendly offices in the GTA! Casual dress code in effect and come and go as you please! Free healthy snacks. Just let us know what snacks or coffee/tea keep you fueled, and we’ll stock them for the kitchen. Office gym. Eat too many of those snacks? Our employee-only office gym at our head office in Mississauga is available for you 24/7. It’s no Globo gym but it’ll do! Paid time off to volunteer. Are you involved in a local non-profit or do you enjoy pro-bono consulting? Outgivers get paid time off to give back to the community. Recognition programs. Convert your daily or weekly peer-to-peer brownie points for gift cards, trips, food, and more! Lead team meetings, check in with your team of Junior to Intermediate Web Developers and support them as required Work on actual development and coding of projects Present updates to stakeholders and executives, making recommendations and working in cross-functional teams Implement architecture and strategy Facilitate conversations that search for the best possible web development solutions and how to implement them with your team Use your knowledge and skills in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure You love being a Developer and mentor to Junior Devs You have team leadership experience or a passion for leadership and willing to take on the managerial aspect of the role You have strong listening and presentation skills, and can lead stakeholder meetings to discuss progress, updates, and strategic brainstorming You thrive under pressure and tight timelines, with an ability to shift priorities based on client or operational needs. You have experience working on "production-grade applications", so should have proven experience creating something that has already been deployed and has users You should be proficient in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure You’re looking for the next chapter of your career and want to be challenged in a fun and supportive environment! Exhibit our 4 core values. Our 4Gs – grit, growth, gratitude, and greatness – are what drives us all to keep growing and learning as Outgivers Bonus points Project management and/or ecommerce experience A desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced, global company with remote team members around the world Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday What is your preferred start date? What is your expected salary range? (Optional) Link to any external links (ex. portfolio, website CV, previous projects, etc) Yes 
ScrapedJobID913:
Adding additional search filters by parsing the semi-structured data we receive from dealers and other vehicle sellers. Increasing efficiency by further utilizing ElasticSearch to respond to user queries. Adding user accounts, allowing users to save and access searches and individual results across devices, get automated alerts, and more. Building a new mobile app front end to our search. Creating a vehicle recommendation engine using collaborative filtering. Back-end development using PHP and specifically Symfony or a similar framework such as Laravel. Database architecture and administration (MariaDB or MySQL). Performing full-text and structured searches with ElasticSearch, and scaling efficiently. Developing user facing features with Javascript (ES6), React and Redux. Administration of Linux servers and virtual machines. Ideally including experience with Monitoring software such as Cacti Observability Configuration management (ie Puppet) Containerization (Docker) Virtual machines (VirtualBox, Vagrant) Performance optimization Security best practices Experience with data science, particularly collaborative filtering. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Please include an answer to this brief programming question with your application. Please either enter your response on tinkerwell.app or similar and submit the link here, or attach your response as a separate file, whichever you prefer. (Please don't type the function here directly, as Indeed strips out all the line breaks, making it difficult to read.) Yes 
ScrapedJobID914:

ScrapedJobID915:
Ship and maintain complex accessible web applications at scale Work with our preferred frontend technology stack (React/Redux, TypeScript, Tailwind, GraphQL) Be part of our frontend team supporting web applications for our media and bet applications. Participate in the design, architecture, and delivery of new features in a collaborative agile/scrum environment Other duties as required. 4+ years frontend development experience with React and SSR including ES6, TypeScript and Tailwind/Tailwind UI Experience designing real time applications powered by GraphQL APIs and Websockets Experience with testing libraries (Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress) A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, and software/system design Experience with modern authn/authz mechanisms (OAuth, JWT/JWE, SAML) Experience building CI pipelines and optimizing bundles/artifacts Experience with UX observability (RUM, performance monitoring) Demonstrated collaborative work style with the ability to effectively collaborate and work with all levels of the organization. Review the team’s code, provide insightful feedback and encourage best practices. Excellent teamwork and team building skills with a proven ability to mentor. Interest and ability to learn new languages, technologies, or processes. Experience or knowledge about A/B testing. Demonstrated expertise in one of the following areas: a11y, performance, functional testing, or visual regression testing. Consistently looking for ways to help increase the team’s velocity by improving developer experience (DX). Ship features that impact millions of users. Work on large distributed systems spanning public cloud and on-prem locations. Learn how to manage workloads, at scale, running on Kubernetes Contribute to a federated GraphQL API used by millions of clients. Competitive salary Comprehensive Benefits package. Education and conference reimbursement. A/V club, Friday presentations, book library, and more. Top of the line office hardware Parental leave top-up. 
ScrapedJobID916:
Working within a scrum team and contributing in all secure cloud-based mobile and web development activities across the entire product lifecycle including prototyping, design, development, QA, production, performance analysis, and optimization Architect and introduce new/complex/custom integrations, including solutioning, implementation approach, maintenance approach and documentation Architect, evaluate and recommend new integration technologies, focusing on scaling and growth Collaborating with product development team and executive staff to in an agile environment to set specifications for new mobile and web applications Design creative prototypes according to specifications; writing high-quality code to program complete mobile and web applications on schedule, frequently and consistently Perform pre-launch unit and integration testing, functional, and non-functional testing Troubleshooting and debug applications, solving complex technical issues Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications Developing technical handbooks to accurately represent the design and code of new applications. BSc/BA in Computer Science or similar technical field of study; MSc/MA will be appreciated 4+ years within designing and building mobile application, web application, and .net development Experience in Git; expertise in Python, C++, C#, ASP.net, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, RESTful API’s, and Java (J2EE) Strong knowledge of Cloud-native, Video-First software architecture; good knowledge of system integration technologies: SOA, Web Service, Spring boot and ESB, etc. In-depth knowledge of programming for diverse operating systems and platforms, software design, and programming principles Strong experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, backbone, etc.) Experience working with Microsoft technologies such as SharePoint framework, Add-ins, Graph API, Teams, and Azure. Experience working in engineering teams in an agile and dynamic environment Extensive experience working with developer tools like emulators, debuggers, profilers etc Experience building, stacking, and consuming RESTful & TCP APIs Strong technical qualities with a passion for delivering leading-edge designs and contributing to a culture of technical excellence and innovative solution design Experience in peer-to-peer financial technology platforms is a plus Strong communication and interpersonal skills suited to a global organization Analytical thinking, mathematical, and problem-solving capability Great attention to detail and time-management skills Strong collaborative approach to problem-solving Certified application developer is a plus 
ScrapedJobID917:

ScrapedJobID918:
Coding and implementing websites, microsites, donation forms, email templates, mobile websites and other digital properties Implementing templates into CMS and CRM systems such as Blackbaud Luminate Online, WordPress, Drupal, etc. Modifying/slicing visual designs and optimizing for web use Delivering new functionality and maintenance of existing solutions Researching and learning new platforms and technologies relevant to the nonprofit sector to better serve the needs of our nonprofit clients Minimum two years experience writing HTML, CSS and Javascript/jQuery or equivalent educational experience Deep understanding of responsive design and the differences between mobile/desktop browsers Prior experience developing code for emails and an understanding of the channel’s capabilities/limitations Proficiency in software such as Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator (Adobe Creative Suite) Experience in Luminate Online an asset (CMS, Donation Management, Email Management, TeamRaiser) Experience with other content/email management systems Experience with search engine marketing, display advertising, social media an asset Good communication (oral and written), interpersonal, organizational, and leadership skills Analytical, self-motivated, detail-oriented and organized A self-motivated individual who will enjoy a team-oriented environment where work can be fast-paced and requirements can change frequently Ability to evolve and stay current on modern trends in web development 
ScrapedJobID919:
Be a leader on the ground and in the code Develop an amazing front end for partners Solve engineering problems as part of a small team Work with designers, backend engineers and product managers to create amazing experiences Keep learning, keep growing and help your team do the same Minimum of 6 years of software development experience Experience with React.js, React Hooks and Redux Strong sense of style and design Experience with RESTFul APIs Some backend experience is nice to have Competitive rates commensurate with experience Supportive, challenging, and collaborative work environment 
ScrapedJobID920:
Experience using several languages (e.g. Java, Go, Node, C#, C++, Python, etc..). Expert or near expert in modern Web Technologies (i.e. JavaScript, Typescript, ECMAScript 6, webpack, Babel, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, SAAS, HTTP, CORS). Experience using the React JavaScript framework with Redux. Experience using RESTful services or Web APIS Experience with Docker. Responsive User Interface design and cross-browser compatibility skills. A creative and detail oriented personality. Understanding of Web security principles. Understanding of Blockchain technologies and/or cryptography (Nice to have). Excellent communication skills and willingness to be a subject matter expert. Willingness to learn new things and work on a team. A university degree specializing in computer science or engineering or equivalent experience is preferred. All applicants must be legal to work in Canada 
ScrapedJobID921:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Collaborate with other programmers to create the UI in our new quotation tool. Collaborate with team members to ensure UI depicts the required information from databases and tables. Respond to time sensitive requests while working in an agile environment. Take ownership of tasks to meet deadlines while working independently. Minimum 5 years of working experience in Angular/AngularJS UI Framework. Experience in JavaScript, HTML, CSS3 with AWS certification is a benefit. Must have excellent communication skills and able to function within a team in Agile work environment. Java script CSS3 UI Framework – AngularJS, Angular Unit Testing – Karma, Jasmine, Junit Build Tools – Gulp, Webpack Node/Node-JS Atlassian Bitbucket/Bamboo. Working knowledge of Docker containers. 
ScrapedJobID922:
You will cultivate a deep understanding of the portfolio of applications we utilize, along with their respective strengths and weaknesses, to provide solutions to existing and future challenges. You will be part of a frontend team, with full ownership and responsibility for setting best practices and raising the bar You will work with other front-end engineers in the organization to raise the bar for product and code quality within the web product You will assist in the design of software components to enhance our portfolio. Working in agile scrum teams, you will work closely with Project and Product Managers, Designers, other teams, and both internal and external stakeholders, owning a large part of the process from problem understanding to shipping the solution You will maintain our high engineering standards and bring consistency to our codebase You will ship high quality, scalable and robust solutions with a sense of urgency You will have the freedom to recommend and drive organization-wide initiatives You have a minimum 3+ years of professional experience with React and Redux You possess a strong knowledge of modern front-end build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc.) You have a strong knowledge of/and experience with at lease one of the front-end testing frameworks (Jest, Enzyme, Sonarqube, Lighthouse, and contract tests among other tools and practices) You have a strong understanding of systems and microservices design You have a strong understanding of security architecture You have a some understanding of cloud architecture in GCP and a solid CI/CD experience (GitLab IC, Jenkins) You are opinionated about what it takes to produce great software but remain receptive to other's ideas. You care about ownership and you proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug. You are experienced with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty. You make decisions based on data. You are versed with tools to measure every aspect of the application. You have developed large applications in a team environment. You are not afraid of changes. Armed with excellent refactoring techniques, you work effectively with legacy code. You are a good communicator. You are able to present complicated solutions to non-technical audience in a simple and logical way. Experience working with APIs [GraphQL /REST] and webhooks Experience in building large scalable front-end systems Experience integrating and weaving together multiple internal systems on a cross functional team Familiar with SPA vs SSR vs Static Sites, trade-offs, performance considerations Strong knowledge of the modern JavaScript ecosystem and best practices 
ScrapedJobID923:
Hunger – Think big Agility – Start small Transparency – Transparency promotes trust, accountability, and responsibility Continuous Improvement – Encourage continuous, incremental improvement of our product, process, and people Empathy – Approach every situation with kindness and respect Humility – Crave feedback. Be open-minded. Celebrate failure Collaboration – Work together as a team. Support each other Positivity – Create an environment that is positive and fun. Stop negative behavior Equal Opportunity – All people are created equal in their potential to achieve greatness You are a true self-starter. You thrive on being productive with little external motivation and feel a sense of urgency to get things done. You take pride in your work and strive for quality in everything you do You enjoy being challenged and taking ownership of projects to see them through to delivery You love problem-solving and have an innate sense of curiosity You are always eager to learn and improve and have very little ego You enjoy collaborating closely with others You are comfortable and productive working remotely You have 3+ years of frontend software development experience You are passionate about code quality and have a thorough understanding of software development concepts that promote readability, maintainability, and testability You are experienced in Javascript/Typescript and React You have experience with state management tools like Redux or Mobx You are comfortable writing automated tests using tools like Jest and Cypress/Selenium You are fluent in semantic HTML/CSS (should go without mentioning, but you’d be surprised!) You have exemplary written and verbal English skills Typescript ReactJS AWS S3 + CloudFront Golang RabbitMQ Redis Ruby on Rails CakePHP Terraform Docker Kubernetes AWS EKS Github Actions Codecov Stunning office on the 32nd floor of the MNP Tower in downtown Vancouver Convenient access by car, bike (with bike room), or SkyTrain Office features: a bar, fantastic coffee, snacks, food, and a world-class gym Herman Miller height-adjustable desks and ergonomic chairs New, top-of-the-line Mac workstations with ergonomic, noise-canceling headphones Monthly public transportation subsidy Training and professional development to help advance your career Great benefits package including 100% extended health and dental Beer Fridays (obligatory) 
ScrapedJobID924:
Total 7+ Years of Front End development exp. with 3+ years in ReactJS Required : ReactJS, Redux, Jest, Jest DOM, React testing libraries, WebDriver, ECMAS 6+, Typescript, Hooks, Apollo, Jenkins, GitHub Exposure of : Graph QL, AWS, CI/CD, Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID925:
Architecture React application design including deep knowledge on Hooks, React Router, Redux Testing React Application with Enzyme Produce high quality, reusable HTML, CSS, LESS (SCSS)/Tailwind code using a variety of frameworks. Testing front end code against many browser/OS/device combinations Supporting designers and application developers alike as the team delivers engaging web sites to meet our client’s needs In consultation with Marketing design and develop the corporate website, including regular maintenance and content updates. Maintain and update the company Intranet. Strong English communication (verbal/written/presentation) skills with both business and technical stakeholders. Client-side frameworks/technologies such as JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Strong use of Adobe Photoshop Keen interest in staying up to date on web technology Ability to multi-task and stay focused on deliverables. Knowledge of Server-Side Technologies (C#, ASP.NET MVC, PHP, WordPress) Strong work ethic and strong team approach is essential Impeccable attention to detail Creative problem-solving ability Certificate or Diploma in related discipline or sufficient supplemental experience Minimum 5 year working experience with responsive design HTML5/CSS3 and LESS Minimum 4 year working experience with React Ability to work under tight timelines and competing priorities. Understanding of social networks, in particular Twitter, considered an asset. Monday to Friday React: 4 years (Required) Fast-Paced Development: 5 years (Preferred) Winnipeg, MB (Required) No 
ScrapedJobID926:
Work directly with the CTO, as well as other departments to gather business requirements to transform into spec. Be given an opportunity to build applications from the ground up. Be directly involved in application architecture and application standards decision making. Ability to architect features and turn spec into basic documentation. Understanding of TDD and/or BDD Comfortable working within a full-stack that includes: Postgres, Ruby on Rails (3/4), CSS/HTML Good understanding of REST/JSON principles, such as services, consumers, and TLS. Fundamental understanding of Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, CSS & HTML Proven ability to work independently, but you also love to interact with a team. Full understanding of git and version control Proven knowledge of modularity, dry code, and OO Knowledge with data structure design, relationships, and polymorphism Experience with Heroku and/or AWS Experience in a Scrum/Agile environment Understanding of Business Intelligence tools such as Pentaho, Jaspersoft, etc. Solid understanding of CAS (SSO), SAML, OAuth and OpenID. Experience with other programming languages such as Node.js, Python, Erlang, etc. Casual dress Paid time off Profit sharing Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID927:
Work with other senior developers to plan and refine the app to meet new challenges Write complex UI components, business logic, and supporting systems Follow guidelines for UI accessibility in all development Document all work in Storybook, Readme's, and other sources as applicable Create unit tests for everything you create using Enzyme and Jest Diagnose and fix bugs in all areas of the app Assist with front-end DevOps tasks Mentor and support less experienced developers in all aspects of development Contribute to planning sessions, code reviews, and other team collaboration Participate in all team activities and agile processes: scrum, refining, retrospective, etc. Computer science or development certification, or equivalent experience with complex systems Advanced JavaScript skills, with 5+ years' experience in web application UI development Expert-level knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem, including ES6 and beyond Strong knowledge of CSS tools, like Sass, Less & JSS – we use them all Deep knowledge of software architecture and design patterns Expert-level knowledge of the React library and its ecosystem, with 3+ years' experience Familiar with all aspects of the scrum development process and associated planning tools Experienced using Jira or a similar system to manage work Strong knowledge of Git and workflow control – we use BitBucket Strong technical and personal communication skills, both written and oral Strong test-writing skills with ability to teach Experience building and supporting reusable React components, including open-source Experience with Antd UI library, and/or other open-source libraries like Material UI Familiarity with latest React Router versions, and routing in general Experience with Service Workers, Cache interface, and other common PWA tools Experience with Charting libraries, like d3 and AmCharts Experience with Google Maps and/or other geo-location knowledge Experience with ElasticSearch and building DSL queries Experience with Kibana and customizing it Experience with Redux Saga – a legacy tool being phased out Experience with Ember – a legacy frame-work being phased out Deep knowledge of WebPack, Babel, Grunt, and similar tools Knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, and similar tools Basic dev-ops knowledge, like nginx and its configuration 
ScrapedJobID928:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID929:
Creation of original and updated existing graphics and renderings for our websites, brochures, print ads, e-blasts, and more. Monitoring of and advisement regarding changing market, product, and competitor trends Redevelopment of company website with a focus on: Post-secondary diploma in Visual Communication Design, Graphic Design, or other related discipline or a minimum 3-years experience developing and implementing effective design solutions Demonstrated experience in full stack web development, including but not limited to: Passion for creative problem solving and ‘outside the box’ thinking Ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously Strong communication, organizational, and project management skills. Open to accept and integrate feedback Sharp attention to detail Able to work efficiently and effectively when independent, as well as in collaboration with the team Proficient with HTML, CSS, Javascript Skilled in SQL / PostgreSQL Experience in Azure / AWS Experience with Python would be considered an asset Experience with 3D modelling would be considered an asset A 6-month contract (with a chance of extension) with a longstanding successful company A competitive salary The chance to work with a strong and driven team Monday to Friday Do you live in the beautiful City of Edmonton or surrounding area? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) HTML: 3 years (preferred) CSS: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) SQL: 3 years (preferred) English (required) No 
ScrapedJobID930:
Help develop and maintain UI interactions and layouts for UX intensive, enterprise Web applications in a .NET environment (webforms / MVC) that use a CMS or in 3rd party platforms where sites or web applications may be hosted Collaborate and work in an agile environment with the design team to deliver the best possible user experience and to update the designs for the webforms templates to MVC templates. Write high-quality, testable, and re-usable code following industry best practices such as code reviews, unit testing when applicable, etc. Help create responsive web pages using cross-browser compliant HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript / jQuery; write client-side unit tests using Jasmine / Jest. Implement modern web UIs to bring responsive, engaging, and intuitive webpages to life and develop interactive experiences in microsites that function in cross-browser, cross-device environments Participate in the software development life cycle from task estimation, prototyping, software implementation, testing and maintenance. Employ source control in Git, using branching & merging/rebasing and pull requests. Troubleshoot production issues with team members to identify and address problems; help identify risks to the organization’s web systems and advise on mitigation;configure applications to ensure they are meeting business needs. Work with the development team to provide ongoing creation, maintenance and support for any mobile apps, web apps and web systems to ensure data quality, security and standards are being met so they are stable, secure, and compliant Run occasional AODA audits on all CRC sites/portals as requested to identify accessibility issues to correct; be the source of knowledge on AODA/WCAG for the CRC enterprise, responding to questions and requests from the other channels / hubs / departments Help write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced front-end UI/UX features and solutions. The minimum qualification for this job is a post-secondary degree or diploma in website design & development 4+ years of experience in responsive web development using HTML / HTML5, CSS / CSS3 including Media Queries and JavaScript / jQuery, CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation CSS generators (LESS / SASS),client-side unit testing with Jasmine / Jest Design skills such as active HTML prototyping, wireframe mock-ups and working with PSDs (photoshop) and style guides Experience auditing and implementing AODA compliance (WCAG 2.1 AA standard) for websites, microsites and 3rd party hosted web applications Strong communication skills – ability to explain technical UI / UX and accessibility concepts to designers, support, and UX developers Experience working in an Agile development environment (stand-ups, sprints and other sprint ceremonies) using processes such as Scrum or Kanban and tools like Jira Knowledge and experience using a source control system such as Git. Strong debugging skills combined with an understanding of performance, scaling and latency for a web UI Experience working with a .Net CMS such as Kentico, Sitecore, Sitefinity, etc. Experience with an HTML templating language like handlebars or liquid Working knowledge of a modern JavaScript framework such as Angular / ReactJS. Familiarity with ES6, AJAX and GA / GTM;experience converting PSD assets to HTML At this time, much of the work is performed “Work from Home”, however there is a possibility of moving back into an office environment. Occasional requirement to work overtime hours, often with short notice. Domestic travel may be required. This position requires a successful Canadian criminal record check. The Canadian Red Cross is an equal opportunity employer. 
ScrapedJobID931:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID932:
7+ years of experience in Software Development At least 2+ years of experience as a manager of software development JavaScript with Angular is a preferred language to have experience with Experience managing at least 1 or more teams with 5+ team members Previous experience implementing new technologies and products Experience with cloud is a nice to have Strong people management experience including hiring, performance management and end of year reviews (This is a MUST) Strong communication skills Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID933:
Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems 
ScrapedJobID934:
5 year web development experience with PHP, mySQL, HTML5, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap Experience developing custom responsive WordPress themes Experience creating mobile-responsive websites Strong front-end web development experience Graphic design and video-editing experience Must have strong website coding skills Possess strong analytical skills Ability to work in a team and independent environment 
ScrapedJobID935:
Implement UI web applications via hands on ReactJS coding, and coding of automated unit and integration tests of components Understand the user stories assigned to your team, help manage and resolve or escalate issues faced by your team, and understand the progress of your team so you can represent them in higher-level status updates and discussions (e.g. Biweekly Program Reviews and Weekly Scrum of Scrums) Provide oversight, coaching and guidance to other Software Developers on designing and building ReactJS components and UI applications Perform code reviews for the code written by your team, promoting UI best practices and coding standards for the implementation of clean JavaScript/ES6 code and ReactJS components Collaborate with UI Architect to follow best practices for project’s code organization and data architecture, and the design of clean, reusable components Leverage components and applications applying UI design patterns, clean interface principles, and compliance standards Work closely with the Product Owner, Product Manager, UI Architect and UI/UX Designers to develop screens and screen flows that meet their requirements Occasionally design and develop RESTful APIs to help implement or improve UI features as necessary Provide performance testing inputs, improvement analysis and suggestions Help to implement POC systems/demoes as required for products Analyze the wider implication of changes and enhancements Work closely with the Sales team to assist with presentations, demos, etc. Help troubleshoot development and production problems as needed Actively participate in Agile scrum and SAFe ceremonies 
ScrapedJobID936:
Design, development, and testing of new features in the application Consult with product owners/business partners to translate requirements into software design Regular communication with others involved in the development process Participate as a team member in fully agile deliveries Active participation in a collaborative work environment Collaborate on peer code reviews 6+ years of professional full-stack software development experience with advanced proficiency in JavaScript Proven experience with with Vue.js Experience developing Express.js based RESTful web applications Experience with multi-tenancy implementations Developing and querying against NoSQL databases Demonstrable responsive UI design using bootstrap Experience developing software deployed to Cloud Platforms (Azure/AWS) Proficient with GIT distributed source control Experience developing against Microsoft Azure's Cosmos DB Designing and documenting RESTful API's using the Swagger framework Experience writing progressive web applications with offline functionality Working and collaborating with remote team members 
ScrapedJobID937:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID938:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID939:

ScrapedJobID940:
Every 2nd Friday off! Great benefit package! Flexible working hours! Rapid opportunities for career growth and salary increases! Architect and develop new features. Collaborate with designers and product managers to improve the product, with a focus on the end user’s experience. Opportunity to guide and mentor junior engineers on the team. Lead the craftsmanship, reliability, and scalability of your solutions. Work independently to complete complex development tasks and actively contribute to code reviews. 5+ years of JavaScript development experience. Experience with ES2017+, Webpack, and CSS. Isomorphic React experience. NodeJS (Express) experience. Experience building REST APIs. Experience building and maintaining highly scalable and performant systems. 
ScrapedJobID941:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Analyze business problems of clients and help formulate technology roadmap Identify and propose technology solutions viable to the client needs Collaborate with other web specialists to address business, technical, and logical needs Generate interface designs, prototypes, data flow diagrams, and system models Participate in web app development, deployment, and migration Prepare technical documents and other required functional specifications Act as a collaborative member of the agile team Identify and propose technology solutions for client needs Experience working with modern Javascript frameworks Comprehensive knowledge of SQL database structure Experience working with back-end services Experience with security best practices 
ScrapedJobID942:
 Strong Work Ethic Top Drawer Always Learning Heart Discipline Efficacy Together  An attractive compensation package Excellent benefits Medical, Dental, Vision etc. (this routinely gets reviewed each year for enhancements) Paid stat/federal holidays, vacation and sick days Flexible paid stat/federal holidays (because we care about what you care about and want to celebrate our culturally diverse team!) R&P branded swag Parental & adoption leave top up / salary continuance 401K/RRSP matching  A #FollowTheTalent mentality - meaning you can be located anywhere in North America and work remotely. (We have 10+ years of experience building virtual working environments #WeKnowWhatWereDoing) A dynamic, fast-paced environment where we're constantly #alwayslearning. And lastly, a team that cares about you and wants to drive the talent experience. How do we do this? Over the years we've hosted comedian shows, had holiday parties, happy hours, brunches with the CEO, surprise coffee runs for the team, health & wellness events and prizes, trivia nights, surprise dinners for R&P team members and their family and so much more! (And yes, we've prioritized a way to do these things in a virtual setting and not just in person - thank you Zoom!) Work on Client products as well as our own products, delivering first-class software Build out mobile APIs and web applications for mobile and browser Clients Peer review other team members' code, and learn and adapt from peer review of your own code Support sales and project managers with technical insights, leading to the creation of budgets and schedules for projects You apply wisdom and knowledge to resolve issues and challenges while looking for new innovative solutions 7+ years of delivering software B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent work experience Proficient with the latest and greatest of vanilla JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Expertise working within modern frontend frameworks like React, Angular, Vue, etc. with the ability to weigh their pros and cons, and the willingness to rotate between them as needed Highly proficient in building fully interactive and visually complex user interfaces from scratch Confidently able to translate a design mock up into a near-pixel-perfect implementation across browsers Experience using modern development tooling, like precompilers (e.g. - Webpack, Babel) and preprocessors (eg. SASS, LESS) Working with API's and third party integrations is second nature Strong understanding of responsive design and development Experience with test-driven development and basic understanding of QA Processes Understanding of common user interface guidelines and standards applied to web and mobile Familiar with SEO and web analytics practices and platforms Experience working alongside a creative team to negotiate and influence the design process Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies Passion for both the user and developer experiences Sharpies, Post-its and robot dreams Experience in either an internal or external consulting role Comfortable with working directly with a client as well as driving innovative solutions Advanced experience working with content management systems Advance knowledge and experience with common web application technology stacks like Java, PHP or Python Experience working alongside and leading discussions with a creative team to negotiate and influence the design process Advanced experience in exporting your own creative assets out of common design tools like Sketch and Photoshop Advanced experience working on applications that connect to middleware technologies or databases 
ScrapedJobID943:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID944:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID945:
Write, debug, deploy, and document code for client-facing products components in a clean, well-structured, easily maintainable format. Write technically challenging code that interfaces with internal and external systems. Program large-scale, high-volume websites in a load-balanced or web farm/cloud environment Program multilingual websites, including using techniques to Search Engine Optimize (SEO) Maintain and support multiple projects and deadlines Be responsible for the reliability and maintenance of customer-facing web applications, including at times after-hours support Propose solutions to problems and consider timeliness, effectiveness, and practicality in addressing client needs. Conduct ongoing enhancements and defect resolution to existing applications Ensure cross-browser compatibility and web standards on all solutions Meet project expectations and produce high-quality deliverables on time and within budget Self-starter or takes initiative Any other duties as requested by the Director, Dev Studio Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Software Engineering or an equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum 3-5 years software development experience, Ability to work on multiple projects with multiple deadlines Excellent organizational skills with a high degree of attention to detail Ability to work effectively within a team environment and accept direction Clearly articulate ideas and thoughts verbally Familiarity with unit testing principles and unit testing tools Excellent written and oral communication skills 2+ years building ASP.NET MVC web applications using C# in Visual Studio 2 years experience building standards-compliant (W3C WCAG 2.0) web user interface with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and bootstrap. Experience building and consuming RESTful APIs or web services Experience working with source control e.g. Git Experience working with WordPress Experience in Umbraco, Kentico, and AEM CMS platforms preferred. Experience creating websites that adhere to WCAG 2.0 Level AA guidelines preferred. Knowledge of database design in SQL Server, SQL/T-SQL, database indexing, views, and stored procedures a plus Experience developing on the Shopify eCommerce platform a plus Experience developing and deploying cloud solutions on Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, or Google Cloud Familiarity with project management and bug-tracking software such as VSO, JIRA, Bugzilla, etc. Knowledge of Angular and React frameworks would be an asset Some ability in Photoshop/GIMP is a plus 
ScrapedJobID946:
Program using React Native Work with back-end developers to define API contracts and use those contracts in-app Collaborate with the client to determine feasibility of requirements Ensure ongoing code quality via automated unit and integration testing Develop and deliver platform and application enhancements which meet or exceed customer needs Work with UX Designers, Architects, and other Developers to implement full stack web and mobile solutions Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Work as part of an Agile Scrum team Design and develop scalable web applications using open source technologies Create solutions using leading edge technologies Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Working with third-party datasources and APIs 5+ years of work experience in programming mobile applications Expertise in Native Mobile development – iOS and Android Familiarity with common popular React Native libraries, components, and frameworks Ability to work with remote team members Ability to define and implement effective software development methodologies Ability to communicate, influence other supporting teams such as product, QA, devops, etc. to achieve the objectives Experience collaborating with senior developers, project managers, and designers in a fast-paced environment with little supervision Expertise with HTML5, CSS3 and Responsive Web Development Familiarity with Scrum and agile project methodologies Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a closely related field Knowledge of software development best practices Where are you located? iOS development: 1 year (preferred) Android development: 1 year (preferred) .Net: 1 year (preferred) React Native: 1 year (required) C#: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID947:
Remote Position Full-time permanent position Monday – Friday, must be able to work Eastern Standard Hours (EST) Work with a high performing agile project team Develop (in collaboration with other team members) creative, functional, and maintainable and performance driven web applications, websites and components Write high-quality, reusable code following industry best practices and can teach others to follow your lead Project based work, as well as contributing to our internal library of reusable components Develop (in collaboration with other team members) best practices and standards for application development, and development operations within the studio Manage development teams on your projects (task assignment, code review) Manage all operational aspects of your projects - including the development pipeline, source control, branching & merging, continuous integration and deployment Write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced solutions according to established standards Provide estimates on work efforts Provide senior level support to developers on your team through mentoring and helping them debug issues Ensure strong team collaboration. Lead by example. Understand how the team prefers to communicate Minimum of 4 years of professional experience working as a senior technical architect/project lead. "Full stack" experience preferred Experience in .NET 4.x and web application development (C#), ASP.Net Web Forms, ASP.Net, MVC, ASP.Net Web API - minimum of 5 years of professional experience in .NET development High proficiency with Windows Server (IIS) and experience with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Rackspace Cloud Relational database design and programming expertise (MS SQL Server), knowledge of and/or experience with NoSQL technologies such as RavenDB, MongoDB, DocumentDB Proven experience with DevOps, continuous integration and deployment using tools such as Azure DevOps, TeamCity, Jenkins, Travis CI, Web Deploy, Octopus Deploy, Fake, Cake and Gulp Advanced source code management skills with Git using branching strategies such as Git Flow, and managing code reviews with pull requests Strong debugging skills combined with experience using performance and load testing tools Fluent in HTML5/CSS3 Strong JavaScript skills with experience implementing interactive user interfaces with both modern libraries (React, Angular.js, VueJs) and the classics (knockout.js, jQuery, underscore.js,require.js) A minimum of one year of experience working with Kentico CMS, or at least two years of professional experience working with another .NET-based CMS (e.g., EpiServer, SiteCore, Sitefinity, DotNetNuke, Ektron) Proven experience in a technical leadership role with strong leadership, organizational, communication and negotiation skills Professional experience working in Scrum and/or Kanban with Agile teams Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain the technical aspects of a project to non-technical people 
ScrapedJobID948:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID949:
Object-Oriented Programming (C#) .Net Framework/.Net Core Azure React JS ASP.NET MVC Entity Framework Micro-Services Containers / Docker Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack SQL and SQL Server Ensure the team meets project deliverables and deadlines Provide realistic estimations for tasks (with comprehensive inclusions and exclusions), and be able to explain deviations as well as options to address deviations Collaborate in an Agile environment with a dynamic team of software developers, architects, business analysts, product owners and quality assurance specialists Assist in the recruitment process by interviewing potential candidates Create content and contribute to internal wiki technical documentation Mentor and coach team members to ensure technical development by providing them with immediate and continuous performance feedback Innovate, challenge and refine requirements based on technical assessment Provide input and insight on architectural decisions Develop high-quality coding by adhering to the best software development practices Actively participate in code review process and provide constructive feedback Keep up with the latest technological and software development trends Ensure overall software quality and its evolution in the mid to long-term Understand, implement and maintain industry and proprietary design patterns Participate in the continuous improvement of internal processes and development tools Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering or Information Technology or College Diploma combined to 5 years of relevant experience Have prior experience as Senior Developer or 7 years’ experience in software development Expert knowledge of our technologies and tools (see above) Excellent knowledge of design patterns as well as micro-services architecture Advanced knowledge of networking (proxy, certificate management, network protocol…) Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Ability to multi-task in a rapid-paced environment Team spirit, tact, diplomacy, autonomy, rigor and discipline Knowledge of financial and/or insurance industries Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Various social and team activities 
ScrapedJobID950:
Design, develop, and implement full-stack software systems that will be used by traders Build scalable and robust software using best practices Collaborate with traders, researchers, and software engineers within our group as well as across the organization globally. Analyze end-user needs and business goals to design and develop new features. Evaluate appropriate new technologies, tools, frameworks and software components for integration 5+ years web development experience Node.js and web/ front-end technologies Node.js OR java OR python (says Ruby in JD, it's not mandatory) ** need AT LEAST 2 people 
ScrapedJobID951:
Design/develop front-end & back-end web software components Customer interaction Full software development lifecycle – requirements through to delivery Help with project scope definition 5+ years experience in software development with a focus on web-based components Front end experience with Javascript, Typescript, CSS, HTML5 Experience developing microservices RESTful / websocket based APIs Linux environment Eligible to obtain secret level clearance 
ScrapedJobID952:
Develop new user-facing features using React.js Build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers 4+ years of strong software development experience Rich experience in Frontend Development. Experience with popular React.js workflows such as Understanding of the Node. js-based tooling like Webpack, NPM, Babel, ExpressJS, etc. Well-versed in Ecmascript 5/6/7. Familiarity with RESTful API as well as modern front-end builds pipelines and tools. Hands on development in Experienced in modern dev tools, processes, and methodologies like TDD, Unit Testing & Functional testing using Mocha, Chai, Jest, or other frameworks. Must be well versed with agile environment. Strong communicator who embraces collaboration. Experience with Familiarity with code versioning tools such as GIT. Experience working with large branded websites, content management systems, e-commerce platforms, and backend frameworks (Java, .Net) Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms Bachelor's degree in interactive development or computer science is a plus. Flexible vacation policy; time is not limited, allocated, or accrued 15 paid holidays throughout the year Generous parental leave and new parent transition program Tuition reimbursement Corporate gift matching program 
ScrapedJobID953:
Undergraduate in Computer Science or equivalent degree required 3+ years of experience as a professional software developer Solid experience with Front-End development: HTML5 / CSS / JavaScript / API / JSON Good experience and knowledge of one or more UI frameworks (e.g React, Angular 4+, Vue, Ember) Proven experience working with RESTful API following the best practices Experience with Cloud technologies and microservices (Azure or AWS) Automation of builds and deployment pipelines (CI/CD) Experience working in a TTD environment 
ScrapedJobID954:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID955:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID956:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django Experience working with databases and writing SQL queries (Ideally SQL Server) Experience with REST API Analytical with the ability to produce creative and effective software solutions to problems Strong communication skill Experience GitHub or other SCM tools Experience building RestAPI using Django Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (required) Django: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID957:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID958:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID959:
Driven by a desire to learn Tenacious at finding solutions Prepared to invest personal time to achieve goals Team player Good written and oral skills Empathetic to client concerns Appreciation for Music, Drama and Theatre Full Stack Developer - Web Server, SQL Database, Application In-depth understanding of Microsoft .Net framework Capability of working with the MVC model Conversant with HTML and CSS3 Understanding of responsive design Highly adaptable to work with third party APIs Strong knowledge of javascript and jQuery Familiar with debugging techniques Xml experience - with XSLT 
ScrapedJobID960:
Write clean, scalable code while maintaining standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Evaluate feature feasibility and project timelines by identifying priorities, rabbit holes and interdependencies Debug issues as they arise and make recommendations for solutions Actively learning and seeking out ways to continuously improve, researching best practices and suggest appropriate technologies Several years of software design and development experience Front End: Vue.js Backend: Node.js Database: SQL Version Control: Git (GitHub) Basic Linux knowledge is key Basic AWS knowledge is a plus Entrepreneurial mindset, possessing the ability to work in an evolving environment with multiple stakeholders Passionate about, and interested in, startups and the process of growing a business Ability to interface with the business, interact, communicate and present ideas Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to problem solve on the fly Strong attention to detail, organizational, planning, decision-making and time management skills Base salary plus performance bonus Health benefits A team that walks the talk on equity, diversity and inclusion Fun work atmosphere and regular social events Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Vue.js: 1 year (required) software design and development: 2 years (required) Node.js: 1 year (required) Linux: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID961:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID962:
Create features using modern JavaScript frameworks like React Keep up-to-date with best practices and tooling from the JavaScript community Openly collaborate with your team to solve problems and learn from failures Mentor others and help lead estimation efforts on your team Fix it! Ship it! Own it! In-depth knowledge of modern JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and TypeScript 5+ Years of experience developing production web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks like React Experience with state management libraries in a UI (we use React Context, but Redux, etc. is also great to have) Some understanding of RESTful APIs, JSON, object mutation and prototypical inheritance Demonstrated history of unit testing in a JavaScript context Experience working on teams in an agile-scrum environment Ability to clearly communicate, help lead technical decision making, mentor less experienced developers and estimate delivery effectively 
ScrapedJobID963:
Build and maintain APIs for our customers' existing data to the cloud. Work closely with all the developers and managers at Plexxis to define and develop the solutions to our customers' business needs and efficiency gaps. Build new APIs and help design infrastructure for applications that are entirely cloud-hosted. Communicate with your immediate team members to explain your current challenges and help them with their own. Develop functional web applications based on usability and appeal. Experience developing and working with REST APIs Experience with at least one relational database (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL/MariaDB) Experience integrating an ORM A high bar for code quality and performance Experience planning and estimating software development tasks in an agile environment Broad understanding of the design and architecture of modern web applications Modern development skills in JavaScript, HTML and CSS Production experience with React Excellent communication and collaboration skills Values learning and sharing knowledge Production experience using TypeORM Experience with continuous integration and deployment Involvement in deployment to a cloud provider (e.g. AWS, Google, Heroku, Digital Ocean) Experience with GraphQL Experience writing unit and integration tests Knowledge of one or more object-oriented programming languages Work with a small, tight-knit group of hard-working, dedicated, and fun individuals Enjoy the atmosphere of a rapidly growing, high energy company with an entrepreneurial spirit Be on the winning team - poised to emerge as the global leader Be challenged in the workspace, or even in the lunchroom Lose the stuffy environment (and politics) of “big corporate” and focus on delivering what the competition calls “impossible” If you are ready for an exciting career with an industry leader, apply today. 
ScrapedJobID964:

ScrapedJobID965:

ScrapedJobID966:

ScrapedJobID967:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID968:
Analyze business needs or customer requirements; provide advice, options or recommendations for the definition, creation or implementation of IM/IT solutions in the Back End and Front End of our applications using predefined methodologies and best practices. Program and maintain IT applications based on the .NET Framework or Angular. Design and operate an enterprise database in SQL. Develop the architecture of an application. Apply IM/IT best practices (such as: security, change management, capacity planning, configuration management, incident management, version management, availability management). Optimize user interfaces. Carry out production implementations of developed solutions. Carry out unit and integration tests. Ensure maintenance and follow-up and investigate problems and find solutions in order to provide level 2 support to internal or external customers. Work in close collaboration in project mode with members of the Design and Integration team as well as with other collaborators in the company. College (DEC) or university (Bachelor) degree in computer science or any other relevant domain. 3 to 5 years of experience Very good mastery of English and French, both orally and in writing. Angular V2 ou + MS SQL C# Javascript HTML 5 CSS/SCSS ASP .Net Core Entity Framework Ability to Analyze/Problem-solving Collaboration/Teamwork Thoroughness Ability to adapt Stress Tolerance – Working under pressure – Tight timelines Client-oriented (internal and external) Curious/Desire to learn – Open-mindedness – Desire to keep his/her knowledge up-to-date Results-oriented Microsoft Azure WordPress (PHP) Json Storage and Data Sharing Ability to work with Git and Azure Devops(TFS) Knowledge of the following libraries: JQuery Bootstrap This position requires a reliability level security clearance. If you do not have this clearance, EPSI will assist you in taking the necessary steps to obtain it. Innovation. Collaboration. Satisfaction. Performance. Individually, these may seem like common catchphrases used everywhere. Together, they signify EPSI’s core values which drive our culture and unite EPSI’s employees. Located in the National Capital Region, EPSI’s brand new and modern office offers an invigorating and dynamic environment for employees to sit back, relax, and excel in their position! Being a part of the EPSI family means having an understanding and an appreciation for our loved ones (in) and outside of the office. That is why we promote an environment that encourages a work/life balance for everyone. To be discussed based on experience. We hope that at EPSI you will be able to harness your professional interests and even develop new ones. We offer training modules, development plans, and one-on-one mentorship. Do you have a desire to move up the ladder? EPSI believes in developing its employees internally to provide them with professional opportunities to advance their career. Academics are important to us. EPSI supports its employees in seeking educational advancement in a field related to their career path. EPSI offers opportunities to participate in special projects and/or committees depending on your interests, career aspirations, and availability. As a leader in the field, EPSI regularly hosts, participates in, and/or attends special events including summits, conferences, and special interest groups. Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (preferred) French (required) English (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID969:
Under the overall direction of the Manager, the contractor, working with the other project team members, shall assist the manager with the following tasks: Provide system life-cycle support for Air Navigation operational and non-operational systems Assists in requirements analysis and specification writing and management Assists in the analysis, development, and implementation of software solutions for new requirements and identified deficiencies Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design and develop and troubleshoot applications Assists in maintaining the software development environment Recommends practices for configuration, installation, optimization and use of productivity tools. Degree from a recognized university or community college with an acceptable specialization in computer, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science or information systems Experience developing applications in C/C++ (open to entry-level and all levels of experience) Experience using GitLab, TFS, Artifactory, Jenkins Experience in designing, developing customer-facing, front-end software through interaction with the customer Experience developing front-end technologies such as JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue.js an asset Experience using Maven, Conan, CMake an asset Experience with MFC, and/or Modern C++ an asset Experience using RTI DDS an asset Experience developing real-time applications an asset Knowledge of design patterns Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodologies Strong Critical Thinking Effective English language written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID970:
Collaborate closely with business and UX to help bring business requirements and designs to production Lead a distributed team of front end developers create features for the Homedepot.ca commence website. Collaborate closely with Infrastructure team to diagnose performance issues, and scalability concerns. Collaborate closely with Infrastructure team to diagnose performance issues, and scalability concerns. Define and enforce UI standards, and create shared libraries to be used organization wide. 2 yrs FE Architect experience within an Architect role Communicating with the Dev. teams, Business and Stakeholder engagement 5+ years of experience with javascript (familiar with concepts such as asynchronous programming, closures, 5+ years with HTML and CSS (familiar with concepts like layout, specificity, cross browser compatibility 2+ years of experience with node.js. (familiar with the node.js event loops, concepts such as server side 2+ years of experience with one Single Page Applications framework/library (VUE, ANGULAR, REACT) Track record of leading and delivering scalable, high traffic single page applications. Ability to identity and resolve performance and scalability issues. eCommerce and or high volume production application environment exp. preferred ! 
ScrapedJobID971:
 Strong Work Ethic Top Drawer Always Learning Heart Discipline Efficacy Together  An attractive compensation package Excellent benefits Medical, Dental, Vision etc. (this routinely gets reviewed each year for enhancements) Paid stat/federal holidays, vacation and sick days Flexible paid stat/federal holidays (because we care about what you care about and want to celebrate our culturally diverse team!) R&P branded swag Parental & adoption leave top up / salary continuance 401K/RRSP matching  A #FollowTheTalent mentality - meaning you can be located anywhere in North America and work remotely. (We have 10+ years of experience building virtual working environments #WeKnowWhatWereDoing) A dynamic, fast-paced environment where we're constantly #alwayslearning. And lastly, a team that cares about you and wants to drive the talent experience. How do we do this? Over the years we've hosted comedian shows, had holiday parties, happy hours, brunches with the CEO, surprise coffee runs for the team, health & wellness events and prizes, trivia nights, surprise dinners for R&P team members and their family and so much more! (And yes, we've prioritized a way to do these things in a virtual setting and not just in person - thank you Zoom!) Work on Client products as well as our own products, delivering first-class software Build out mobile APIs and web applications for mobile and browser Clients Peer review other team members' code, and learn and adapt from peer review of your own code Support sales and project managers with technical insights, leading to the creation of budgets and schedules for projects You apply wisdom and knowledge to resolve issues and challenges while looking for new innovative solutions 7+ years of delivering software B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent work experience Proficient with the latest and greatest of vanilla JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Expertise working within modern frontend frameworks like React, Angular, Vue, etc. with the ability to weigh their pros and cons, and the willingness to rotate between them as needed Highly proficient in building fully interactive and visually complex user interfaces from scratch Confidently able to translate a design mock up into a near-pixel-perfect implementation across browsers Experience using modern development tooling, like precompilers (e.g. - Webpack, Babel) and preprocessors (eg. SASS, LESS) Working with API's and third party integrations is second nature Strong understanding of responsive design and development Experience with test-driven development and basic understanding of QA Processes Understanding of common user interface guidelines and standards applied to web and mobile Familiar with SEO and web analytics practices and platforms Experience working alongside a creative team to negotiate and influence the design process Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies Passion for both the user and developer experiences Sharpies, Post-its and robot dreams Experience in either an internal or external consulting role Comfortable with working directly with a client as well as driving innovative solutions Advanced experience working with content management systems Advance knowledge and experience with common web application technology stacks like Java, PHP or Python Experience working alongside and leading discussions with a creative team to negotiate and influence the design process Advanced experience in exporting your own creative assets out of common design tools like Sketch and Photoshop Advanced experience working on applications that connect to middleware technologies or databases 
ScrapedJobID972:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID973:
Provide AI/Machine Learning and Data Science skills as required to advance our AI innovations or client project requirements using AI methods. This includes both end user Interface development (Front End) and Back End Technical support. Providing technical leadership at the corporate level by setting priorities for the technical team and developing objectives and strategies in identifying, comparing, selecting, and implementing solutions. Lead system and quality assurance processes to ensure the protection of the company’s technical assets, while maintaining and evolving technology needs. Making recommendations and presenting business advantages for technology initiatives and improvements in line with policies, standards, current regulatory actions, technological innovations, and fiduciary considerations. Tracking and controlling the developments of annual operating and capital budgets for purchasing, staffing and technology operations. Advocating and communicating technology capabilities internally and externally, including leadership with our customers, partners, and vendors. Conducting research to remain up-to-date and knowledgeable regarding industry trends and emerging technologies, as well as leading internal R&D to maintain a technological advantage for teaching and learning, in partnership with strategic suppliers or institutions (governmental, educational or others) Proactively establish relationships and meet with current and potential customers to demonstrate the company's credentials at solving problems with technically-differentiated solutions. Responsible for the development and mentoring of a mid to senior level technical staff. Prepare SRED claims as required working with the Chief Data Scientist, CEO and Finance Team. 5 + years of programming experience is required as a full-stack software engineer. You have work experience in early stage / start-up Software Commercialization companies. You have strong communication skills given client interactions in set-up and configuration requirements, or developing custom functional specifications. You have proven success building high-performing technical teams and working with rapid growth and implementing change You are a strategic thinker and effective communicator offering expertise in technological development and the demonstrated ability to implement and execute organizationally. You bring knowledge and experience with Agile software development and agile scrumming practices and ensuring effective logging of software developments. Java Experience in database design, development, and enhancement. Specifically with SQL or related / Mongo (or other NoSQL) Working experience and knowledge of Amazon server infrastructure and technical operations Advanced experience in application design, development and implementation of medium to large database projects supporting Software as a Service (SaaS) Applications Javascript + AngularJS (or similar front-end framework), html + css Experience with SalesForce CRM Integrations Experience with version control i.e. Github and maintaining documentation function/feature practices Mongo Database (Structured and Unstructured data) Redis Experience with unix/linux AI/Data Sciences: Python: numpy / pandas / scikit /WEKA Android Stack for Mobile Application Development PowerBI (Advanced Analytics visualizations) Data Wrangling. – data science skills and advanced analytics Amazon Infrastructure Operations NLP (GPT-3 / Bert) Documenting Source Code Documentation and disciplined software development practices (ie: ticket logging in Assembla) You will be able to work with acclaimed thought leaders in the field of AI, Data Sciences, and Software as a Service, both in the company and also interact with our prestigious board of directors, and board advisors. You will work in a culture that values inclusiveness and diversity. You will have access to health and wellness and fitness benefits to ensure you keep healthy and strong in body, mind and spirit. You will participate in a corporate culture that values weekly open communication - Happy Snappy Monday to keep employees informed of company developments and highlights to recognize on a continual basis employee performance - weekly happy shout outs to give thanks. You will have a holiday incentive package that is generous and customized to your personal and family needs - ie: the office fully closes between xmas and new years, statutory holidays and three weeks of vacation. Access to attend educational and training forums as required that support the company’s business goals and your personal growth needs. You will have a financial incentive package with a base of $100K+, plus year end bonus, plus equity participation in the company shareholder agreement. Salary is commensurate with work experience and meeting business needs. Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have at least 5+ years of programming experience as a full-stack software engineer? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID974:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID975:
Experience in a high level language like C#, Java, C++ or VB.net Experience using scripting languages such as Python, PHP, Lua, Node.js Cybersecurity, cryptography, and encryption experience. Understanding of physical security is desirable UX/UI, user interface or website implementation. Cross platform skills (e.g. Two or more of Windows, Linux, MacOS, BSD) “Full stack” web development. Various stacks will be considered Database experience. RDBMS or NoSQL 2D and 3D model rendering The opportunity to work on cutting edge technology Satisfaction of helping others through medical device technology An organization with strong core values A team oriented/collaborative environment An award winning company culture & tight knit team Profit sharing Competitive compensation Excellent benefits package Monthly All-hands meetings Active social committee 50% BC Transit cost sharing in Victoria, and TTC/Transit subsidy in Toronto Galloping Goose access and shower facilities for midday runs or biking to work in Victoria Help brainstorm, architect, and engineer complex software applications and systems for medical devices Set up, configure, and maintain development environments Implement software controls, standards, and processes Write and document software on various platforms Help maintain Medical Device Design History Files Help develop Detailed Design Specifications and Verification Plans Contribute to formal Design Reviews and Source Code Reviews Help develop software tasks and estimates for customer proposals Collaborate with other team members, disciplines, departments, and external development partners Research, source, evaluate, and apply new technologies, APIs, libraries, and standards for medical device software Mentor and/or share knowledge with others Perform other related duties, as required Bachelor’s degree in electrical, mechanical, electronics or software engineering or a Diploma in electronics or software engineering Experience must include: Proficiency in one or more programming and scripting languages AND Application development experience OR Web development (e.g. front end or back end) development experience OR Mobile development experience. Mandatory: Excellent communication skills, both written, and oral. Eligible to work in Canada. Self-directed completion (e.g. Capstone project) of an electromechanical device and/or co-op work term or summer student experience Experience programming in C/C++, Java or Go or developing firmware on bare metal. Experience developing firmware in a highly-regulated industry, such as: aerospace, medical or automotive. Experience working within a Medical Quality Management System (e.g. ISO13485, IEC60601-1, IEC62304) 
ScrapedJobID976:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID977:
Design software applications based on architecture reference guidelines Evaluate technical requirements and provide recommendations on how to best build software Document application solutions and write software design specifications Write reliable and efficient code and maintain source code files in enterprise repository Test and debug enterprise applications Participate in software development lifecycle phases including solution design, configuration, development, testing and support Contribute throughout the entire SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) with focus on continuous improvement and work in a team environment Participate in team review for functional specification, technical design and code review Participate in project scrums when working on Agile initiatives Assist in troubleshooting problems in the production environment, when required Follow guidelines and procedures to ensure source controls is properly used, software documentation is maintained and kept up-to-date as it relates to solution and application architectural design diagrams, technical and conceptual models and workflows Interact with Functional Analyst, Business Systems Analyst, Business Analysts, Solution Architects and other Developers to ensure that questions and discrepancies about specifications are resolved during the solution development process Collaborate with local and regional I.S. teams to deliver enterprise solutions that are scalable, adaptable and in synchronization with evolving business needs Research tools, frameworks and technologies that could enhance user experience in alignment with IS strategy University degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related fields Minimum of 10 years of software development experience in J2EE Proven experience in software analysis and detailed design. Experience in analysis and application design using Design Patterns and UML Solid understanding of J2EE/JEE architecture (back-end and front-end) Proven experience with Spring Framework, including Spring Core, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Data, MVC Modern Javascript frameworks, such as AngularJS/React Strong working experience with integration through Messaging and Web Services (RESTful and Soap) and oData Services AJAX, JQuery, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, JUnit, Maven, XML, XSLT Microservices and API management DOJO, Struts, EJB DevOps experience MS SQL Server API Connect, WebSphere Application Server (WAS), Websphere Liberty Platform (WLP) AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, Cognito, API Management) Experience with Agile Good written and oral communication skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to demonstrate initiative, good judgment and effective decision-making Strong process improvement orientation, and experience in leading discussions to drive positive results amongst inter-disciplinary groups Bachelor's Degree (preferred) software development (J2EE): 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID978:
Bachelor’s or above Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or a related discipline and 5+ years of QA automation experience with back-end and web front-end testing frameworks & methods, or no degree and 7+ years of same experience required Good software development skills (Java, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) required A proven record of developing strong, positive relationships with the software development team and Product Management required Excellent analysis, problem solving and communication skills Understanding and experience with full testing life-cycle management 
ScrapedJobID979:
proficient experience working with Visual Studio.NET (C#, VB.NET) with approx 5 years + Strong front end skills working with Javascript, JQuery, Bootstra, HTML, CSS Senior level experience with SQL API MVC Object Oriented Programming PCSoft: WinDev, WebDev as an asset 
ScrapedJobID980:
full stack: 3 years (preferred) Java: 2 years (preferred) Angular: 2 years (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) DevOps: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID981:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of software development experience using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Asset: exposure with front-end development using JavaScript frameworks such as Angular, Vue, React, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID982:
Someone that thoroughly understands software development methodology and architecture standards. A passion for creating cutting edge web software and pushing the boundaries of front-end development Unquenchable thirst for knowledge and a desire to learn new technical skills A self-driven desire to find better ways to accomplish tasks Ability to analyze and research existing application code bases to learn and subsequently enhance with little guidance Communicates systems issues at the appropriate technical level for each audience Analyzes information, requirements and specifications to design and develop solutions for responsive web Architect and develop new and enhance modern web applications in AngularJS, Angular, and Vue.js Architect CSS frameworks and develop flexible UI components Support production environment as required for system failures. Identify quality improvements to minimize production errors and outages Design new customer capabilities & refactor existing systems to ensure high performance, reliability and resilience Mentor junior team members At least 6+ years of experience in Software Application Development Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent working experience Expert experience using JavaScript (ES6) Expert experience with CSS and rich web UI behaviors - pixel perfect execution for all major browsers and viewports Experience with GIT merging and rebasing strategies Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with all stakeholders Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Collaborate with other developers and architects to determine optimal solution architecture, efficiency, maintainability and scalability Complete projects/tasks in a timely fashion while meeting sprint goals and commitments 
ScrapedJobID983:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop innovative solutions to solve tough business problems Work collaboratively with the team, client team and our partners to build custom development solutions Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle Optimize and apply best practices Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skill-sets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities 5+ years of related industry experience working in software development environments building front-end components of Web applications Hands-on project experience using Angular 2+ and Angular JS Good understanding of software design patterns Experience with creation of Wireframes and translating to HTML code Experience (or strong interest) in working with the Agile methodology 
ScrapedJobID984:
Develop new sections of our website that integrate with several legacy subsystems, while respecting the timelines and requirements of internal clients and respecting the Support, maintain and evolve our internal applications and portals Set up unit tests and complete documentation for all new web development performed Develop using Microsoft stack (MsSQL, C #, Asp.Net) both the backend and the system front-end (ASP.Net, REACT, MVC, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML4 / 5, CSS, LESS / SASS , Gulp.js) Communicate and ensure a common understanding of the need by all stakeholders in the team BSc / MSc in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Management Information Systems. 1-5 years proven experience in web development Deep knowledge of CMS and CRM being a major asset Excellent writing and oral communication skills Good interpersonal relationship with commercial actors and technical teams. Casual Dress Dental Care Life Insurance On-site Gym On-site Parking Profit Sharing Work From Home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday .Net: 1 year (Preferred) Web Development: 1 year (Preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID985:
In an Agile team, capture requirements, design, develop, code, and integrate applications for web deployments. Create production quality web applications with Angular, NodeJS and PL/SQL (Oracle) Front end and back end design, development, and deployment. Assess the impact of proposed solutions across both the stack and external systems, then make any necessary tweaks to ensure a successful deployment. Optimize our existing or proposed solutions with better designs, coding practices, and techniques. Creating intuitive, functional UI’s for a web-based product. Aptitude for crafting wire frame layouts at lightning speed. Obsessed with the details, adding professional polish to every aspect of the product’s visualizations. Own the quality of the code you write, performing unit testing, supporting functional and integration testing on code and participating in tricky bug fixes. Set the tone for coding and documentation standards and championing best practices. Be a customer hero, participating in deployment of software into the customer’s factory or tool automation systems. Navigate and map undiscovered code-spaces, bringing calm order to unstructured project areas. Be an active voice in in sprint planning with the team and in daily stand-ups. Post-secondary education in a technical field (Bachelor of Computer Science, Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Software Programming Diploma, or similar). 3+ solid years of work experience in web application design and demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly. Experience developing customer-facing web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks or libraries. Excellent grasp of principles of web fundamentals: HTML5, CSS/LESS/SCSS and JavaScript. Experience with Angular is preferred, prior experience with React, Bootstrap, ASP.NET, and the like may also be considered. Working knowledge of development with relational databases required. Keen troubleshooting skills with strong attention to detail. The technology in this space changes quickly and you’re able to pick up new knowledge and assimilate it into what you already know in a way that gives you an edge. Excellent English communication skills, with the ability to effectively interact with customers and teammates whether it’s face to face, on a video call, phone call or email. PL/SQL or Oracle database development NodeJS Mechanical aptitude as you will be developing software for a highly scalable manufacturing environment. hybrid work from home arrangements, with up to 50% at home work in an atmosphere filled with challenges, fun and free food! we have mentors who are willing to provide coaching and answer your questions or point you in the right direction, plus an orientation plan with the tools and skills you need to create success profit sharing and full disclosure company-wide Communications Meetings. we recognize the great people we grow by promoting from within. we like flex hours! education opportunities large (academic programs like diplomas or MBA’s) and small (online learning tools subscriptions) plus support for professional memberships (e.g. P.Eng) we have a referral program that offers a $2000 CASH incentive when your referral is hired and again a year later if you are both still working at PEER Group workstations that provide ergonomic comfort, cube walls for times when we have to concentrate, plus whiteboards for when we collaborate. we give to the community by raising a lot of money for local charities which our CEO matches with PEER Group funds! Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Overtime Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? How many years of work experience do you have using JavaScript? How many years of work experience do you have using Angular? Are you willing to commute to and from our Kitchener, Ontario office location at least 50% of the time (i.e. two days one week, three days the next week, an so on)? No 
ScrapedJobID986:
Work on problems with your teams, roll up your sleeves, form an opinion, and advocate for engineering-specific roadmap items. Mentor and lead a small team of developers while also providing growth opportunities. You understand that leadership is a craft, and know how to mentor your team members to help them grow and succeed. Help your team ship exceptional user experiences and establish clear definitions of quality. Build accessible, responsive, performant experiences, and educate teams across UX and Marketing on why this matters. Evaluate and provide supportive and constructive feedback to your reports. Partner closely with content design and marketing design leadership peers to strategize, problem solve, and take our teams to the next level. Proven senior leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allow you to develop and mentor other leads as well as build credibility with your team, while executing broader engineering strategies. Strong communication skills and the ability to influence and advocate for the Frontend Development craft. You feel comfortable diving into the code and interacting with developers at all levels of seniority and have a commitment and drive for quality, technical excellence, and results. Experience building responsive, performant, and accessible web experiences that engage audiences through the use of animation and complex interactions. Working with modern web stacks (transpilers, linters, build and CI tools, etc.). Experience designing and developing APIs, working with Content Management Systems, and Design Systems. A passion for efficiency and collaboration, with a history of establishing great relationships across UX, Engineering, Marketing, Leadership, Product Marketing, Data, and SEO teams distributed across multiple time zones. You are comfortable working with senior stakeholders (Director level and up), both technical and non technical. Has proven experience representing the front end development craft through presentations, workshops and articles. Working in an agency or creative environment delivering large-scale, multi-language websites, microsites, landing pages, and campaigns with complex internationalization and localization requirements. A deep understanding of one or more specific client-side areas like animation, web performance, or accessibility for example. Experimentation and evaluation methodologies to help inform decisions with real-world data. 
ScrapedJobID987:
Develop new mobile apps, websites, and web applications Help define application architecture and plan solutions to technical challenges Research and implement tools and libraries that evolve development processes and capabilities Collaborate with designers to craft cutting-edge user experiences Manage your time against multiple deadlines and requirements Three or more years of Full Stack development experience and a track record of excellence as demonstrated in your body of work. A post-secondary education studying computer science, web/app development or comparable. Proficient with HTML5/CSS/JavaScript technologies Proficient with Ruby on Rails & React.js Proficient using responsive development techniques Good communication skills to help you collaborate with your team and clients A dependable home office including private working area, fast & reliable internet Agile development methodologies Styling frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, or similar) React Native Cloud computing (Google, AWS or similar) Meaningful work contributing to projects that make a difference in people's lives; Continual professional development through mentorship, training, workshops, and conferences; Competitive salary; Health and dental benefits; Flexible hours and the ability to work remotely (from home or locations); Direct access to executives; Paid holidays; Participating in online social team building activities; and Hanging out with like-minded people with lots to learn and do. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday React or Rails: 2 years (required) Web or Mobile App development: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID988:
Object-Oriented Programming (C#) .Net Framework/.Net Core Azure React JS ASP.NET MVC Entity Framework Micro-Services Containers / Docker Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack SQL and SQL Server Ensure the team meets project deliverables and deadlines Provide realistic estimations for tasks (with comprehensive inclusions and exclusions), and be able to explain deviations as well as options to address deviations Collaborate in an Agile environment with a dynamic team of software developers, architects, business analysts, product owners and quality assurance specialists Assist in the recruitment process by interviewing potential candidates Create content and contribute to internal wiki technical documentation Mentor and coach team members to ensure technical development by providing them with immediate and continuous performance feedback Innovate, challenge and refine requirements based on technical assessment Provide input and insight on architectural decisions Develop high-quality coding by adhering to the best software development practices Actively participate in code review process and provide constructive feedback Keep up with the latest technological and software development trends Ensure overall software quality and its evolution in the mid to long-term Understand, implement and maintain industry and proprietary design patterns Participate in the continuous improvement of internal processes and development tools Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering or Information Technology or College Diploma combined to 5 years of relevant experience Have prior experience as Senior Developer or 7 years’ experience in software development Expert knowledge of our technologies and tools (see above) Excellent knowledge of design patterns as well as micro-services architecture Advanced knowledge of networking (proxy, certificate management, network protocol…) Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Ability to multi-task in a rapid-paced environment Team spirit, tact, diplomacy, autonomy, rigor and discipline Knowledge of financial and/or insurance industries Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Various social and team activities 
ScrapedJobID989:
Career Opportunity: Career paths aren t linear here. Being part of our global company with 60+ brands gives you the chance to grow and develop your skills along multiple career paths. Learning & Development: Our lifelong learning philosophy means you ll have access to a wealth of state-of-the-art learning resources, including our Lean Academy and online university (where you can get certificates and specializations from renowned colleges and universities). Diverse & Inclusive Culture: We pride ourselves on being an awesome place to work. We respect and embrace differences because that s how the best work gets done. You ll find we like to have fun here, too. Purpose-Driven Company: You ll help us continue to make positive changes in the local communities where we work and live as well as in the broader world through volunteerism, giving back and sustainable business practices. Provide high-quality software solution design and development following published architecture and company standards. Building Web application (Cloud and Embedded). Designing, coding, unit testing, and maintaining applications. Preparing and maintaining systems technical documentation. Assisting in applications analysis, specifications, and architecture. Performing code peer reviews. Modifying and troubleshooting applications programs. Working in a team environment, effective communication with other team members. Work with our international development teams. Bachelor s Degree in a Technical Discipline. 3 + years of C# development experience with .Net development and design capabilities. 2+ years experience in developing Restful API, backend development for web applications. Experience in technologies like Vue.JS and Node.JS Experience in Embedded web development. Familiar with the development process, Object-oriented software analysis, design methods, and design patterns. Experience with scrum / agile development methodologies. Experience with SQL Server/SQLite database. Application development experience using AWS, Azure, Google, etc. 
ScrapedJobID990:
Design and develop front-end web application in Angular Design and develop Restful APIs Perform systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. Aim for best practice, defect-free programming, create and maintain quality code, provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Identify issues, develop and maintain processes that address and resolve them, (and be sure to communicate/alert stakeholders as needed). Configure and develop custom components with technology partners (analysts, developers, designers etc.) to meet requirements and goals. Ensure applications are free of common coding vulnerabilities (and follow standard security practices). Complete unit and integration testing per standards and design specs. Respect TD's technology delivery practices and standards, project management disciplines. Apply and share technical expertise during incident management life cycle (e.g. analyzes reports and outages, perform impact assessments, facilitate stakeholder communication). Demonstrate high level of proactivity and strong ownership. Communicate effectively both inside and outside the team to achieve results and build strong relationships. Develop a good understanding of intraday liquidity management in the Banking business. 5-7 years of experience in Angular. 5-7 years of experience client-side Web Frameworks like JavaScript, JQuery, JQueryUI, AJAX, JSON. Banking and/or financial institution experience is an asset. Experience with ag-Grid is an asset. Experience with Git, Jira, Confluence. Advanced and extensive knowledge of the business (or organization), technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems. Solid understanding of SDLC. Readiness and motivation to address and resolve highly complex and multifaceted development-related issues, often independently. Strength in coaching and advising clients, partners and project teams. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Strong verbal, written, presentation & communication skills. Proactive, organized, excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Works well independently, as well as, within a team. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, share your knowledge and educate others. Communicate and collaborate with both technical and non-technical professionals. Cultivate winning relationships by building trust with business and technology partners. Share our commitment to productivity, effectiveness and operational efficiency. Embrace change and witness amazing things happen – from the inside. 
ScrapedJobID991:
Senior React Native Developer - this project consists of a number of applications that will be developed for Store Associates using React Native for both Android and IOS devices Of these applications there will be a mixture of new and Legacy (Angular Ionic, .Net, etc.) 7+ years Development experience Experience with React Native is a must Experience with Android & IOS debugging is a must Experience with Jest testing, Sonarcube is a must Experience with NodeJS is a must Strong logic development React Native, Android & IOS debugging, Jest testing, Sonarcube, NodeJS is a must SQL, Cloud and MicroServices framework experience is a plus 
ScrapedJobID992:
5-10 years of hands-on experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot, JQuery, Hibernate, Tomcat, Oracle Database, Unix, Shell scripts. Nice to have experience: Docker Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID993:

ScrapedJobID994:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Analyze business problems of clients and help formulate technology roadmap Identify and propose technology solutions viable to the client needs Collaborate with other web specialists to address business, technical, and logical needs Generate interface designs, prototypes, data flow diagrams, and system models Participate in web app development, deployment, and migration Prepare technical documents and other required functional specifications Act as a collaborative member of the agile team Identify and propose technology solutions for client needs Experience working with modern Javascript frameworks Comprehensive knowledge of SQL database structure Experience working with back-end services Experience with security best practices 
ScrapedJobID995:

ScrapedJobID996:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID997:

ScrapedJobID998:
Writing clean, well organized code while considering reusability, performance, quality and security Collaborating with the team to translate business objectives into technical requirements while considering overall strategies by asking clarifying questions Demonstrating an understanding of the desired outcomes for solving business and technical problems Debugging issues across teams by helping to identify the root cause, considering and discussing multiple solutions with team members Adding abundant testing to bring code coverage to an acceptable standard Engaging in two way feedback conversations through pull requests and team discussions Owning code quality and actively learning and seeking out ways to continuously improve Frontend: React/Redux Testing: TestCafe, Selenium, Mocha Backend: Node.js, MySQL, DynamoDB Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform Monitoring: Datadog, AWS CloudWatch, OpsGenie About us Try our email designer live See how we celebrate while remote Bananatag is official a Great Place to Work 
ScrapedJobID999:
You will work as part of an overall team, often composed of client and Deloitte resources, to deliver software that drives meaningful value and change for our clients. You will focus on building out digital experiences primarily for the browser, using industry standard technologies and tools, and in conjunction with peers across disciplines such as creative, UI / UX, back-end service development and agile delivery. You may lead teams, and have line reporting responsibilities, or have strong individual contributor expectations. On top of regular delivery work, you provide our clients with advice on digital change, identifying technical debt and recommending improvements to architecture Mentor junior members of the team and participate in code reviews to help them grow inside the team. Meaningfully contribute to agile ceremonies including grooming, planning, scrums, retrospectives. Over time, build out insights and knowledge of the industries that we work in. Bachelor or higher degree combined with around five years of post-graduate experience, preferably including client-facing consulting role(s); Experience producing web / mobile / enterprise solutions in a professional development environment; Experience leading a team, working with others to solve problems, sharing knowledge and can help grow and mentor junior developers; A passion for digital transformation and technology; Ideally you have worked on project in which you integrated this front-end savviness with front-office systems (e.g. Salesforce, Adobe Experience, SAP Hybris); Experience in agile development environments, including ceremonies such as backlog refinement and spring planning; You have the ability to work independently as well as in a highly collaborative team-setting; You balance logical problem solving with innovative thinking; You like building positive client and peer relationships by developing an understanding of customer's business and project scope and can translate business requirements into technical requirements; You can contribute positively to team culture, with a focus on inclusion and diversity; Identifying potential opportunities for additional revenue generation; Developing analytical and insightful recommendations to meet deliverable targets and complete project tasks within budget and to customer satisfaction; Identifying and communicating conflicts or issues to Project Manager or Team leader; Assisting in the development of client proposals; Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills (English and/or French) You write ES6 JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3 code. You can tell us all about the strengths and weaknesses of React, Vue, Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, Pug and Handlebars. In short, front-end is your expertise. Yoave experience translating designs and wireframes into high quality, responsive websites with performance and accessibility in mind You love optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers (browser testing and accessibility testing) You have worked with Webpack, Parcel, Gulp, Browserify and the Command Line Interface (CLI) is your best friend; You know and understand git and have lots of experience with Bitbucket, Github and how they integrate with tools such as Jira. Knowledge of comparable source control tools (e.g SVN) are also valuable. You can build reusable and maintainable components (Angular, React) and front-end UI libraries for rapid development. You are familiar with RESTful APIs and have knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token You have used a TDD approach for unit tests and know what the best tools are for the task; You have an interest in technology beyond the web, such as back-end development (e.g. Rails, Python, Java, NodeJS), design (e.g. UX expertise, Photoshop, Sketch), cloud technologies (Amazon AWS, Firebase, Azure), microservices, iOS development, etc You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1000:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop innovative solutions to solve tough business problems Work collaboratively with the team, client team and our partners to build custom development solutions Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle Optimize and apply best practices Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skill-sets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities 5+ years of related industry experience working in software development environments building front-end components of Web applications Hands-on project experience using Angular 2+ and Angular JS Good understanding of software design patterns Experience with creation of Wireframes and translating to HTML code Experience (or strong interest) in working with the Agile methodology 
ScrapedJobID1001:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1002:
Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems 
ScrapedJobID1003:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks for both browser and server development and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID1004:

ScrapedJobID1005:
Working with the UI/UX design team and Procut Owners, you will develop user interfaces for unique web applications. Implement efficient, robust, scalable and maintainable features. Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments. Provide end-to-end development of software systems from design through development to deployments and maintenance. Be engaged in an agile culture by helping to define deliverables and effort Provide regular communication and feedback with your team and product owner throughout the Sprint and development lifecycle. Bring your passion for technology by providing input, research and evaluation to the leadership and architecture team 5+ years developing web applications Strong experience developing responsive web interfaces using HTML5, CSS3 & UI frameworks Strong experience with ASP.Net MVC with some experience with Classic ASP Some experience with Angular 8+ highly preferred, however recent Angular 2++ acceptable Responsive web design Unit Testing [Jasmine, Protractor] Dependency Injection (it's a design pattern that is ubiquitous in Angular and will help us determine the required depth of knowledge for Angular... it's also required to do proper unit testing) [di, d.i. , design patterns] More in depth Typescript CSS Grid Angular Router Angular Material Design State Management [NGXS, NGRX, CQRS pattern, Akita, state store, redux] Full stack (i.e. skills with Rest API and C# on the backend) 
ScrapedJobID1006:
Senior React Native Developer - this project consists of a number of applications that will be developed for Store Associates using React Native for both Android and IOS devices Of these applications there will be a mixture of new and Legacy (Angular Ionic, .Net, etc.) 7+ years Development experience Experience with React Native is a must Experience with Android & IOS debugging is a must Experience with Jest testing, Sonarcube is a must Experience with NodeJS is a must Strong logic development React Native, Android & IOS debugging, Jest testing, Sonarcube, NodeJS is a must SQL, Cloud and MicroServices framework experience is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1007:
Angular Familiarity with Typescript / ES6 knowledge and experience in Redux / RxJS Web Frontend using HTML, CSS3 and Javascript Experience consuming and leveraging restful API’s Written test cases with frameworks like Karma and Jasmine 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1008:
Évaluer les choix technologiques et tester rapidement les solutions; Donner une vision technique à l’équipe et travailler avec les architectes pour établir la feuille de route des applications qu’elle prend en charge; En collaboration avec l’équipe, résoudre les problèmes d’architecture; En collaboration avec les responsables de produit, transformer les livrables en résultats techniques; Concevoir des systèmes évolutifs en tenant compte de la performance et de la sécurité; Cerner et résoudre les problèmes de développement web frontal qui touchent les clients; Garantir une expérience uniforme entre les divers navigateurs et appareils; Promouvoir l’utilisation de tests unitaires et le développement guidé par les tests lors de la conception et du développement; Encourager l’équipe à appliquer les meilleures pratiques et lui montrer comment faire; Appliquer et promouvoir les meilleures pratiques en matière d’accessibilité (nous croyons que le web devrait être accessible à tous); Examiner et développer les pipelines fondés sur des conteneurs pour votre équipe Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement frontal (React); Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement interne (Node.js, PostgreSQL); Capacité de travailler efficacement en équipe; Expérience du mentorat de développeurs moins expérimentés, de la vérification de la qualité du code et de la promotion des meilleures pratiques; Expérience en vulgarisation des concepts et des exigences techniques; Expérience en conception et en description des API (nous utilisons Node.js, Express et OpenAPI Spec); Expérience de la programmation réactive fonctionnelle (FRP); Expérience des technologies de mise en grappe (nous utilisons Kubernetes); Expérience de la conception de systèmes à haute disponibilité et des tests de sollicitation sur ceux-ci; Expérience de l’écosystème Docker; Expérience en protection des applications web contre les menaces courantes; Expérience de la conception, du développement et de la mise à jour des systèmes à haute disponibilité (atout). 
ScrapedJobID1009:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID1010:
Enabling developers and designers to create consistent and accessible experiences by guiding the implementation of Skyline. Defining Skyline's growth strategy to help us scale across the organization. Identifying efficiencies that we could solve through system thinking in cross-functional team processes. Report to the Director of Product Experience and be one of the leaders in the Skyline team. Define best practices for front-end developers at Benevity. Build new design system components, ensuring that our design system meets the highest standards of accessibility and inclusiveness. Act as a communication bridge between the Product Design and Engineering teams, creating a shared language and helping break down knowledge silos. Contribute thoughtfully to building an inclusive environment for everyone. Use Figma to facilitate communication and collaboration between designers and yourself. Actively participate in ongoing planning activities with your team. Ensure that work flowing into the team accurately captures acceptance criteria for functional and non-functional requirements. Educate teams on testing interfaces on various browsers, operating systems, devices, networks and assistive technologies. Build strong, inclusive, collaborative relationships with peers, including designers, product managers, developers and cross-functional team members. You are a cultural contributor and a mentor to others. You start from a place of curiosity and seek out feedback from everyone. You foster a space where everyone can participate. Experience using one or more modern frameworks like Vue, Angular, React, Web Components or any other component-based development framework is required. A deep understanding of any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack. A deep understanding of CSS and familiarity with naming conventions such as BEM. Strong understanding of front-end build tooling, ES modules, and cross-browser compatibility. Experience creating prototypes using modern front-end technologies. Passionate about creating accessible, performant interfaces that delight our end users. Experience with automated UI testing and review processes Compelling communication, collaboration and creative problem-solving skills: an ability to lead and the humility to adapt. 
ScrapedJobID1011:
Develop Web Services to be consumed by B2B partners using Web API or WCF technologies depending on the application architecture. Write server side web application code with C# / ASP.NET / MVC based on the design. Develop optimized code in C# and SQL server Implement client-side code using JavaScript, jQuery, and Typescript frameworks to provide the website users with dynamic and responsive user experiences Work with Azure cloud services (IAAS, PAAS) for modern application 3+ years with C#, ASP.NET and MVC 3+ years with jQuery, JSON, JS, CSS and Telerik / kendo controls 3+ years writing Stored Procs and DB knowledge ( SQL Server ) 2+ years with Asynchronous Programming using C# 2+ years with Typescript and HTML5 1+ years with .NET Core, PAAS and Micro Services 
ScrapedJobID1012:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1013:
New system that is being implementing: Loan IQ is a corporate lending platform. Looking for resources to implement and support the new platform Primarily back-end work, with some UI on the front end (main tech stack is Java) Assist the Senior Manager/Project Manager in resolving highly complex, multi-faceted problems to meet the needs of the supported Line of Business Designing and developing high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems and delivering high-availability and performance using Java and related technologies. Contributing in all phases of the development lifecycle Leading various activities in the SDLC (requirement, design, development, testing and implementation) Continuous adopting appropriate new technology to meet new requirement for the job Use diplomacy, judgment, and persuasion to secure agreement and co-operation from departments involved in a project Working with architecture, other upstream and downstream integration teams, other developers in their team, BAs, and QAs Primarily back-end work, with some UI on the front end (main tech stack is Java) 5+ years back end: Java Spring, Spring Boot Strong SQL: ability to manipulate data and create complex queries is required Familiar and experienced with Microservices architecture, including using RESTful API to develop enterprise solution Familiar and experienced with Linux OS and Shell Scripting Familiar and experienced with relational DBMS, e.g., MS-SQL Familiar and experienced with CICD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery) Analytical mindset with strong problem-solving capability Works independently Works well with team and picks up on tasks quickly Good attitude Motivated Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Experience in front end development using Java Vaadin Experience within capital markets or banking technology team Understand Python programming Experience with corporate lending and Solid understanding of Loan IQ Understand technology aspects: architecture, integration, etc. Business intelligence tools e.g., Power BI/Business Objects/Cognos 
ScrapedJobID1014:
Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions. Decipher information architecture and visual designs and turn them into frontend code. Develop frontend code that integrates with backend interfaces. Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow. Architect, develop, and test for cross-browser and cross-platform applications. Lead frontend technical development efforts independently. Explore existing systems, determine areas of complexity and potential risks to successful implementation of advanced visualization products. Collaborate with various cross functional teams like design, product management and backend architects and development teams to validate prototypes and to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces which meets client requirements. Translate wireframes into functional requirements, write well-abstracted, reusable, high-performance code for UI components. Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design, implementation, code reviews, and upgrades of information systems to meet the business and user needs Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance Suggest continuous improvements in user interface, software architecture or new technologies. Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology Design Experience & Knowledge 2+ years Designing frontend architecture with architectural guidelines in mind (secure, high-performing, scalable, extensible, flexible, simple) 5+ years of strong hands-on experience on Angular 5+/RxJS, React/Redux, Single Page Applications JavaScript ES6/ES7/ES8/ES9/ES10; HTML5/CSS3, Async/Await, Ajax Ionic Cordova, xCode, Android Studio. CSS pre-processors such as Less/Sass/Scss, Flexbox and Grid: Responsive Design & UI Layout frameworks like Bootstrap, Material UI, Tailwind Client-side Unit testing and e2e frameworks nu89 and tools: Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, PhantomJS Mastery of UI build, Packaging and Optimization tools: npm, webpack, JS library structure, and JS library packaging & optimization Expertise in caching, minification, bundling techniques to improve frontend performance Deep understanding of Web Accessibility Computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, Object-Oriented Design and Design Patterns Integration Experience & Knowledge Node.js Express, Next.js and Passport as a backend framework and MongoDb RESTful services, microservices, micro-frontends, and GraphQL One or more Server-side UI technologies: JSP, JSF, PHP HTML5 Messaging, XHR2, Websockets CDN Integration to optimize resource bandwidth Google Tag Manager page and event tagging Frontend monitoring tools to troubleshoot errors and recognize performance bottlenecks. Familiar with Agile methodologies (Scrum / Kanban) Excellent communicator to express technical knowledge across groups in both Business and IT, online and in-person. Excellent at documenting technical designs and concepts Fluent in English 
ScrapedJobID1015:
4+ years of experience in back-end development, preferably in Java + Spring 4+ years of experience in front-end development, preferably in Angular Strong programming skills (multithreading, asynchronous programming) 
ScrapedJobID1016:
Designing high quality applications that are highly scalable and extensible Estimating, tasking and prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and ?processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience designing and developing complex applications that are highly scalable and extensible Fluent in Java and/or JavaScript Attention to well-crafted software Exposure to and interest in Agile approaches to software development e.g. automated testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript frameworks Relational and/or NoSQL databases, SQL queries and object relational mapping tools Significant cloud platform experience, preferably with AWS or Azure Strong fundamental knowledge of computer science algorithms, data structures and design patterns Experience designing distributed systems at scale handling large data sets using, for example, Apache Spark, Kafka, Kinesis, or Hadoop toolsets Distributed computing and platform as a service UNIX, Linux and W3C technologies including HTTP and XML Automated build, test and deployment tools 
ScrapedJobID1017:
Hands on contribution with .Net Core code Collaborate with other development teams on design and implementation of features spanning multiple products Perform Test-Driven and Security-Driven Development Analyze call stacks, trace files, performance data to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of bugs. Participate in development of prototypes, minimum viable products and PoCs 5+ years experience of coding in C#/ .Net (Preference for .Net Core) Strong knowledge of Microsoft based technologies (C#/ .Net) or other object oriented programming languages Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS, GCP) Experience with SQL database design, optimization and writing queries. Experience with Messaging queues such as Kafka, Google PubSub, RabbitMQ Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization Post-Secondary Diploma/Degree specialization in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field Docker GCP Kubernetes Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries and JavaScript frameworks(e.g. Angular, React, Node.js, Vue.js) and experience with UI/UX design Overtime pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1018:
Design software applications based on architecture reference guidelines Evaluate technical requirements and provide recommendations on how to best build software Document application solutions and write software design specifications Write reliable and efficient code and maintain source code files in enterprise repository Test and debug enterprise applications Participate in software development lifecycle phases including solution design, configuration, development, testing and support Contribute throughout the entire SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) with focus on continuous improvement and work in a team environment Participate in team review for functional specification, technical design and code review Participate in project scrums when working on Agile initiatives Assist in troubleshooting problems in the production environment, when required Follow guidelines and procedures to ensure source controls is properly used, software documentation is maintained and kept up-to-date as it relates to solution and application architectural design diagrams, technical and conceptual models and workflows Interact with Functional Analyst, Business Systems Analyst, Business Analysts, Solution Architects and other Developers to ensure that questions and discrepancies about specifications are resolved during the solution development process Collaborate with local and regional I.S. teams to deliver enterprise solutions that are scalable, adaptable and in synchronization with evolving business needs Research tools, frameworks and technologies that could enhance user experience in alignment with IS strategy University degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related fields Minimum of 10 years of software development experience in J2EE Proven experience in software analysis and detailed design. Experience in analysis and application design using Design Patterns and UML Solid understanding of J2EE/JEE architecture (back-end and front-end) Proven experience with Spring Framework, including Spring Core, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Data, MVC Modern Javascript frameworks, such as AngularJS/React Strong working experience with integration through Messaging and Web Services (RESTful and Soap) and oData Services AJAX, JQuery, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, JUnit, Maven, XML, XSLT Microservices and API management DOJO, Struts, EJB DevOps experience MS SQL Server API Connect, WebSphere Application Server (WAS), Websphere Liberty Platform (WLP) AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, Cognito, API Management) Experience with Agile Good written and oral communication skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to demonstrate initiative, good judgment and effective decision-making Strong process improvement orientation, and experience in leading discussions to drive positive results amongst inter-disciplinary groups Bachelor's Degree (preferred) software development (J2EE): 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1019:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Previous experience working as a React.js developer Extensive experience and knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and other front-end technologies and concepts Knowledge of React tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux, Flux, etc Experience with user interface design Knowledge of performance testing frameworks such as Mocha and Jest Extensive experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Extensive experience working with REST APIs and/or OData 
ScrapedJobID1020:
Strong development skills in Java/Spring (backend) and Angular (frontend) to support the team Coordinating, splitting and delegating development tasks Reviewing code of both internal and external team members Technical reviews with developers to ensure common understanding Providing technical/functional expertise within the team Coaching and mentoring junior/external team members Technical overview of the solution Ensuring high levels of motivation of the team Strong focus on high-quality from the team throughout the development process Taking part in customer-facing activities to ensure common business understanding Assisting in the interview process for developers and team leaders Ensuring excellent communication and collaboration between all internal and external teams This role involves working in a distributed environment with our international customers and has occasional overseas travel. Monthly travel between %0-%5MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, or based on an individual's status in any group or class otherwise protected under applicable human rights legislation. MPI encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled and all other qualified applicants 5+ years of experience 2+ years of Team lead exp. (will make exceptions for Senior Candidates) 
ScrapedJobID1021:
7-10 years of experience with software Back-end development primarily with .NET, Java or Node.JS 4+ years of experience with Web and Front-end technologies like: Javascript, JSON, REST, SOAP etc. Experience with Microservices and APIs Experience with Software ID/Access Management with tools like OAuth, SAML or OpenID General DevOps experience is highly valuable AWS or Azure Cloud is also highly valuable Strong communicator and experience either mentoring or teaching other lower level resources Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1022:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1023:
full stack: 3 years (preferred) Java: 2 years (preferred) Angular: 2 years (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) DevOps: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1024:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of software development experience using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Asset: exposure with front-end development using JavaScript frameworks such as Angular, Vue, React, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1025:
Introduce original ideas and best practices. You will ensure our lead generation and revenue growth needs are accurately and effectively represented through website functionality and enhanced user experience. You will continuously iterate and improve our web presence, researching new tools, fine-tuning performance, and implementing best practices. Interpret and code. You will translate our brand and demand generation strategies to our websites, landing pages, and more, optimizing site performance, including cross-browser compatibilities, page load time, broken links, SEO, and CRO. You will design, develop, test and analyze, and deploy new or improved functionality and features across our websites. You will manage multiple website domains in collaboration with our marketing team and agencies. You will draw on various front-end development skills, design, and marketing, build new landing pages to support marketing initiatives, and collaborate with web designers and digital marketers to maximize the effectiveness of campaigns and search performance. Manage the details. You will ensure the site content remains fresh and relevant, managing hundreds of links and redirects as necessary. You will leverage reporting, analytics, and our marketing technology stack to optimize strategy and execution continuously. You will provide detailed reports and proactive solutions to the team and senior leaders. The education. You have a postsecondary degree or diploma. The technical expertise. You have 5+ years of experience developing B2B web features and functionality. You have expertise with: PHP and JavaScript as well as HTML, CSS, XML Web content management systems such as WordPress and web hosts such as WP Engine SEO and deep understanding of current best practices. Front end development and engaging UI/UX design and layout. The communication and interpersonal skills. Your oral, written, and presentation skills are outstanding. You can easily build a positive, professional relationship with stakeholders at any level. 
ScrapedJobID1026:
Design and development of front end user interface. Provide direction to junior developers. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Ensure designs are in compliance with the specifications. Work under the direction of the Test Automation Lead. Work seamlessly with geographically distributed teams. Work with the scrum master and help establish sprint activities and tasks. Participate in the daily standup and provide status updates, contribute to team meetings. Collaborate with various teams in defect triage meetings. Must be able to obtain a Canadian Reliability security clearance. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject (or equivalent work experience) Hands on knowledge of JAVA Hands on knowledge of NodeJS or ReactJS Experience with SDLC tools, frameworks and methodologies Experience working with AGILE teams and tools including but not limited to - JIRA, Confluence, Crucible - will be considered an asset Analytical Thinking Communication (Oral/Written) Java Front End Development Node.Js Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1027:
Developing features for external and internal websites to enhance the user experience. Ensuring user experience determines design choices. Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design. Additional related responsibilities as required. Excellent front-end web development skills. Excellent graphic design skills. Experience with graphic design applications. Experience with PDF Accessibility Proficiency with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and asp.net. Experience with mobile website design and optimization for smartphones. Experience with responsive and adaptive design Experience with Dreamweaver, Visual Studio, Adobe Illustrator etc. Experience with Version Control. Experience with SharePoint (preferable). Understanding of key design principles. Understanding of SEO principles. Excellent attention to detail, organizational skills and time management skills. Resourcefulness and ability to problem solve and propose solutions as required. Satisfactory Background Check, Technical Skills Evaluations and Employment References. 
ScrapedJobID1028:
Providing SFCC expertise and solution design and implementation Design, code, and test technical solutions Understand technical requirements and propose alternative options to improve applications Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions Create technical documentation Knowledge of SFCC is required Knowledge of digital commerce components Knowledge of digital commerce integrations Extensive knowledge of JavaScript 5+ years ecommerce experience Remote or hybrid in Montreal 50% employer paid healthcare 3 weeks vacation, 10 sick days, 4 personal days, 3 wellness days Flexible working hours Free parking onsite Bonus pay Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1029:
Implement new solutions for our Program Partners through web development, configuration and customization of the platforms and products Gather solution requirements by working directly with our Program Partners & Internal Stakeholders Ensure the solutions we deploy are of the highest quality using appropriate QA methodologies and champion issue resolution Update your progress with your team & stakeholders 2+ Years' experience in a development role Working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (e.g. XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Software development experience is considered an asset Experience in a managed solution or SaaS environment 
ScrapedJobID1030:
Secret level clearance Post-secondary education Work experience within public-sector organizations that focus on services to the public as a whole, including education, welfare, the legal system and health services.” working with HTML to publish accessible content on web sites, applying Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0. developing business processes as well as requirements for custom applications, based on client and user needs. working with enterprise-level content management systems and integrating existing JavaScript plugins or advanced functionality for frontend only Monday to Friday Web Developer: 3 years (required) Quality and Accessibility: 3 years (required) JavaScript plugins: 3 years (required) Secret level security clearance (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1031:
5 year web development experience with PHP, mySQL, HTML5, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap Experience developing custom responsive WordPress themes Experience creating mobile-responsive websites Strong front-end web development experience Graphic design and video-editing experience Must have strong website coding skills Possess strong analytical skills Ability to work in a team and independent environment 
ScrapedJobID1032:

ScrapedJobID1033:

ScrapedJobID1034:
Invite solutions which account for scalability and optimize performance Collaborate within an agile team to understand business needs and work through complex business processes to create solutions that align with the company goals Outline and enact back end and front end components and services Analyze new technologies and design prototypes for continuing improvements Uphold top programming practices and standards Construct excellent production-ready code in an agile environment 5+ years of software development experience with specialization in React and Ruby on Rails Strong FE experience with HAML, HTML, SCSS, CSS Experience with creating and consuming WebAPI's Knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems, MySQL, Postgress, MSSQL, etc 
ScrapedJobID1035:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Previous experience working as a React.js developer Extensive experience and knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and other front-end technologies and concepts Knowledge of React tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux, Flux, etc Experience with user interface design Knowledge of performance testing frameworks such as Mocha and Jest Extensive experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Extensive experience working with REST APIs and/or OData 
ScrapedJobID1036:
The K2 (in house platform) is being replaced derivatives platform existing being replaced, K2 new one is PXV - moving forward with Phase 5 of implementation Development and support of a front-office trading system used for trade booking, trade execution and pricing of derivatives trades Conduct proof of concept on new technologies or solutions around Microservices Participate in design discussions on scalability, performance, security, Microservices best practices Take ownership and responsibility of development of products onboarding to the trading platform and be efficient with sizing and estimates for development Guide team members through technical issues and challenges including frontend and backend Proactively partners with business line representatives to drive improved technology solutions that support business strategy Participates as technical or business consultant in design, development, coding, testing, and debugging new packaged solutions or significant enhancements to existing applications 6+ years of service side development experience with Java, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot with an emphasis on REST services. 4+ years of experience with relational or No. SQL databases 3+ years of UI development experience with Angular, React or Node Excellent Computer Science Fundamentals; Object Oriented Design; Java Design Patterns Proficiency in using Git for source code repository; Maven and Jenkins for build Previous experience designing mission critical systems Worked in an Agile Environment Previously worked as a Lead Developer or a Technical Lead Working with another technology team, but will need to be able to communicate with different development teams Someone who can work independently, willing to train other junior members Team player, someone who can work well with others and give regular updates/status of what they are doing Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required 10+ years of service side development experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot with an emphasis on Web or REST services 5+ years of Angular, bootstrap and Node experience Experience with REST, Microservices Architecture, Event Driven Architecture Experience with ElasticSearch, Kafka, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, SQL Server, Redis, Kibana, Grafana, Prometheus, Logstash, Ansible, Docker Experience with multithreading A very good knowledge of capital markets and financial instruments Experience working on front office trading applications Understanding of cloud-based deployment 
ScrapedJobID1037:
Design and develop front-end web application in Angular Design and develop Restful APIs Perform systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. Aim for best practice, defect-free programming, create and maintain quality code, provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Identify issues, develop and maintain processes that address and resolve them, (and be sure to communicate/alert stakeholders as needed). Configure and develop custom components with technology partners (analysts, developers, designers etc.) to meet requirements and goals. Ensure applications are free of common coding vulnerabilities (and follow standard security practices). Complete unit and integration testing per standards and design specs. Respect TD's technology delivery practices and standards, project management disciplines. Apply and share technical expertise during incident management life cycle (e.g. analyzes reports and outages, perform impact assessments, facilitate stakeholder communication). Demonstrate high level of proactivity and strong ownership. Communicate effectively both inside and outside the team to achieve results and build strong relationships. Develop a good understanding of intraday liquidity management in the Banking business. 5-7 years of experience in Angular. 5-7 years of experience client-side Web Frameworks like JavaScript, JQuery, JQueryUI, AJAX, JSON. Banking and/or financial institution experience is an asset. Experience with ag-Grid is an asset. Experience with Git, Jira, Confluence. Advanced and extensive knowledge of the business (or organization), technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems. Solid understanding of SDLC. Readiness and motivation to address and resolve highly complex and multifaceted development-related issues, often independently. Strength in coaching and advising clients, partners and project teams. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Strong verbal, written, presentation & communication skills. Proactive, organized, excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Works well independently, as well as, within a team. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, share your knowledge and educate others. Communicate and collaborate with both technical and non-technical professionals. Cultivate winning relationships by building trust with business and technology partners. Share our commitment to productivity, effectiveness and operational efficiency. Embrace change and witness amazing things happen – from the inside. 
ScrapedJobID1038:
Introduce original ideas and best practices. You will ensure our lead generation and revenue growth needs are accurately and effectively represented through website functionality and enhanced user experience. You will continuously iterate and improve our web presence, researching new tools, fine-tuning performance, and implementing best practices. Interpret and code. You will translate our brand and demand generation strategies to our websites, landing pages, and more, optimizing site performance, including cross-browser compatibilities, page load time, broken links, SEO, and CRO. You will design, develop, test and analyze, and deploy new or improved functionality and features across our websites. You will manage multiple website domains in collaboration with our marketing team and agencies. You will draw on various front-end development skills, design, and marketing, build new landing pages to support marketing initiatives, and collaborate with web designers and digital marketers to maximize the effectiveness of campaigns and search performance. Manage the details. You will ensure the site content remains fresh and relevant, managing hundreds of links and redirects as necessary. You will leverage reporting, analytics, and our marketing technology stack to optimize strategy and execution continuously. You will provide detailed reports and proactive solutions to the team and senior leaders. The education. You have a postsecondary degree or diploma. The technical expertise. You have 5+ years of experience developing B2B web features and functionality. You have expertise with: PHP and JavaScript as well as HTML, CSS, XML Web content management systems such as WordPress and web hosts such as WP Engine SEO and deep understanding of current best practices. Front end development and engaging UI/UX design and layout. The communication and interpersonal skills. Your oral, written, and presentation skills are outstanding. You can easily build a positive, professional relationship with stakeholders at any level. 
ScrapedJobID1039:
Engage with the team to design and develop best-in-class features Collaborate with cross-functional peers as we productize your work Innovate as you research new technologies and solve complex problems Support the team to resolve issues reported by our customers Share well-developed product knowledge with peers, internal customers and new entrants into department Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent Experience designing and developing scalable server-side applications in a microservices-based architecture using JavaScript/TypeScript (Node.js) Experience in an Agile software development environment (SCRUM) Experience with SQL databases such as PostgreSQL Familiar with REST and gRPC Familiar with HTTP and WebSocket Familiar with web development using React JS Experience with HTML5 and CSS Familiar with object-oriented design and design patterns Passionate about cloud technologies Independent and willing to take initiative Excellent verbal and written communication skills NoSQL and/or time-series databases GraphQL and/or SOAP Networking and TCP/IP, UDP protocols Cloud frameworks (AWS, GCP, Azure, OpenStack, etc.) Experience building large, complex and multi-threaded applications designed for concurrency 
ScrapedJobID1040:
Collecting data at the meter or from utilities companies, analyze it, refine it and deliver valuable insights to Operator, Investors and everyone in between. Working with businesses with property to review and make business decisions protecting your properties from the unexpected Supports sustainability of commercial assets and providing validated data to capital markets Environmental management system OH&S (Occupational health and safety) Preventative maintenance Insurance Fire Safety (overall just to manage risks) Work Orders (sending jobs down to certain buildings, upload pics and check off tasks) Compliance (Document Management, i.e. Checking off forms if there any unusual sounds in the boiler room or are the board meetings posters put up etc.) Remote opportunity Identifying and Analyzing user requirements Prioritizing, assigning and executing tasks throughout the software development life cycle. Developing Java EE (enterprise edition) applications (enterprise level applications) Need to build a scalable SaaS for enterprise to avoid issues Managing the software development life cycle, from planning and prioritizing - > testing - > deploying release - > maintaining functional, secure, and high-quality application Gathering system and user requirements, building Java Modules and testing features Looking for person with hands-on experience developing software with Agile Methodologies and are ready to lead Jr Developers. Identify and analyze user requirements Prioritize, Assign and Execute Tasks throughout software development life cycle Develop Java EE App Hands-On approach to review, debug, lead, forward thinking, take the process through the entire development cycle Reporting to the CTO 5-10 years of full stack developer experience with HTML/Angular/Javascript/Java technology Same amount of years designing and building enterprise applications J2EE REST Web Services Angular JS (Java Script) Agile SDLC Jira Slack Amazon AWS Platform and Services Built good quality technical solutions for businesses audience creating positive and engaging UX Ability to design, build extensible, component-based solutions frameworks while Jr developers can follow and adopt while implementing new features Owns and ability to share own ideas and generate business outcomes Business is starting to take off from Start-Up and going to put their leadership focus onto sales and BD Ability to design for transactional performances and responsiveness (basically build fast turnaround time quality code) Understand importance of security for software and mobile Partaking in launching and deploying apps onto the cloud Need BSc in Comp Sci or Engineering Verbal and written communication skills Write technical documents to explain for internal and client, tech teams Ambitious but coachable and good listener Candidate doesn't have to be specific from the Real Estate industry but it'll be nice Must have to have worked on enterprise solutions Understanding business side, not social and transactional type of software (i.e. not front end ecommerce) Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1041:

ScrapedJobID1042:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID1043:
Design, develop and maintain our production applications, databases and custom ETL workflows to help our research and portfolio management team inform their investment decision making. Build and enhance our proprietary applications for investment research, portfolio management, and portfolio analytics by implementing database scripts, back-end application code, and occasionally front-end applications. Ensure that technical decisions are taken with an appropriate balance of time-to-market versus meeting longer-term organization needs. Ensure a smooth processing of production related jobs, providing occasional off-hours support. Motivated self-starter with a commitment to providing creative and robust software solutions. A minimum of 3 years of experience developing back-end applications, web applications, custom ETL processes and proprietary data solutions. Degree(s) in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or a related discipline. Strong software development skills with OOP languages such as Python or Java. Expertise in SQL, relational database concepts, and SQL scripting (T-SQL, PL/SQL, PL/pgSQL, etc.) Working knowledge of Python’s data ecosystem: Pandas, Flask, Django, SqlAlchemy, Airflow, etc. Proficient in software architecture and data model design. Ability to work closely with Portfolio Managers and Traders, and to understand their language. Experience in manipulating time-series, cross-sectional, or panel datasets. Experience working with financial datasets and data vendors. Investment industry / portfolio engineering experience, CFA, FRM, CSC or related designation. Front-end development experience with HTML + CSS + JS Frameworks (Angular, React, etc.). Experience with NoSQL DBs (MongoDB, etc.) and Big Data implementations (Dask, Spark, etc.). Bonus pay Extended health care Monday to Friday python: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1044:
Designing high quality applications that are highly scalable and extensible Estimating, tasking and prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience designing and developing complex applications that are highly scalable and extensible Fluent in Java and/or JavaScript Significant cloud platform experience, preferably with AWS or Azure Strong fundamental knowledge of computer science algorithms, data structures and design patterns Experience designing distributed systems at scale handling large data sets leveraging Apache Spark, Kafka, Kinesis, and Hadoop toolsets Experience with Infrastructure as Code such as Terraform Attention to well-crafted software Exposure to and interest in Agile approaches to software development e.g. automated testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript frameworks Relational and/or NoSQL databases, SQL queries and object relational mapping tools Distributed computing and platform as a service UNIX, Linux and W3C technologies including HTTP and XML Automated build, test and deployment tools 
ScrapedJobID1045:
6+ years of experience as a developer in a real working environment Expertise with programming languages: Java, C#, ASP, .NET, Web API, HTTP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java ASPX. Client/Server (VB, ASP, Visual C++, XML). 5+ years of experience in Core Java, Java Collection, Microsoft .NET Framework (C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET), Microsoft Visual Studio Design, build and maintain RESTful APIs. Strong knowledge of creating webservices using SOAP and REST. Build and maintain front end web applications to interact with our APIs Developing and testing web-based APIs using JSON or XML objects. Analyze, design, implement (Execution of Coding and Form Design), test, communicate and coordinate parallel testing and migration with Client and QA Experience with Warehousing Software, ERP systems is a definite asset Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Solid experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation (all phases of software development life cycle - SDLC) Perform the code deployment to appropriate environment and provide production support. Provides efficient and friendly customer technical support to all level of users. Software support for the employee user base for a range of applications including ERP system and other productivity tools. Participate in design reviews and code walk-thrus, Develop software that is extremely reliable, robust and traceable. Analyzing complex functions, procedures, and problems to deliver creative, logical, and effective solutions that meet the specified requirements. Apply unit tests, automation, and tools to produce the highest quality code long before anyone gets to testing it. Communicate project/work status orally, written, or other as required. Relational Database Management Systems – SQL, Oracle programming Develop tools for automation, monitoring, and system reporting. Increase efficiencies through the use of scripts and third-party tools. Object oriented design and Experience with thin-client and service-oriented architectures. Experience developing Web based applications. Diagnostic and analytical skills for software and general IS application knowledge. Tracking software bug reports, including performing root cause analyses and attempting bug fixes. Generate appropriate documentation for the proper ongoing support and maintenance of software modules. Review, evaluate and update Design documentation. Documenting design process and reporting development progress at regular intervals. Participate in the team’s first and second level of technical support. Other duties as assigned from time to time. College or University graduate with a Computer Information Systems (or similar program). Strong Knowledge and experience with the .NET Framework (C#, ASP.NET), Java, VB.Net, C or C++ , HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, XML/XSL/XSD, SQL and SQL Reporting Services. SQL 2008/2012, Oracle, ERP System preferably JDE. 5 – 6 years of experience with development in a Microsoft environment, Visual Studio, C#, .NET MVC and WebForms, Java. Some experience with SQL Server development is essential, including stored procedures, custom functions, triggers, cursors and XML data types. Experience writing reports with Business Objects / Crystal Reports. Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications. Prepare and produce releases of software components. The role is 90% programming and 10% support. Ability to work independently and as a team. When working independently, the ability to see a project through to completion while keeping the Manager apprised of the progress. Ability to work with a diverse group of people, and to modify work style accordingly. Ability to prioritize when working under deadlines with multiple projects. Organized, focused and persistent - ability to work to the plan and meet delivery dates. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Profit sharing Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1046:
Design and develop automation workflows Building and maintaining continuous delivery pipelines Ability to write scripts and automation to automate visualization Configure and manage data sources such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc. Support the development team Task distribution North American server maintenance Script deployment with our tech team in China Identifying technical problems and developing software updates and ‘fixes’ Working with software developers and software engineers to ensure that development follows established processes and works as intended Testing and examining code written by others and analyzing results Working on ways to automate and improve development and release processes 2+ years experience 2+ years of experience with Docker, Linux, Kubernetes, DevOps pipelines: Azure DevOps, Cloud providers: AWS, Aliyun Professional experience and a high-level understanding of working with various operating systems and their implications Ability to take initiative and solve difficult technical problems Accuracy and strong attention to detail Professional work experience in team building and project organization Excellent communication skills Candidate must work from the Markham office Thrive in a do-it yourself, start-up environment Ability to work well within a cross-functional team environment and diverse communities This position is an outstanding opportunity for a highly-motivated Front-End Developer to assume a pivotal role in the evolution of a fast-growing organization Performance based bonus system Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Mandarin (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1047:
Located in Burlington, ON Full-time, permanent role (Monday – Friday, with flex hours), Remote / Hybrid working is a possibility Salary between $85,000 - $110,000 commensurate with experience Full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack / React / Typescript Growth, leadership, and project management opportunities Take responsibility for technical architecture and implementation of a large-scale, web-based custom software solution Work with product/project managers to create technical implementation strategies for new feature development Mentor less-senior members of the team Maintain regular communication with internal and external project stakeholders A full-time, permanent position from Monday to Friday, 9:00am-5:00pm with flex hours to best suit your needs Hybrid/Remote working conditions Competitive salary Health benefits 3 weeks’ paid vacation to start Profit sharing potential 8+ years of experience working in software development Expert level knowledge in full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack Proficiency with front end web development technologies including React and Typescript Strong proficiency in design/development of relational databases and ORMs (e.g., Entity Framework or NHibernate) Post-secondary degree or diploma in computer science, software development or a related field, or equivalent work experience Excellent leadership and mentoring abilities. Strong English language oral and written communication skills Experience with OpenID Connect / OAuth / IdentityServer Experience working with agile processes or in a start-up environment/small organization is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1048:
Actively be participating in work groups and work sessions with functional and technical consultants Work with the IT Directors, Management to support strategic system initiatives. Maintain accuracy and integrity of TBG data through ongoing system and table maintenance including data cleansing as required. Identify opportunities in the system to streamline and improved business processes and system functionality. Assist in development of strategic direction for Information Services in the areas of systems, standards, and methodology. Develop and enforce policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines. Implementation and adherence to Beer Store & BDL technical standards Delivering large-scale, complex programs that combine business processes with technology to help our business achieve the highest levels of performance Involved in all phases of a life cycle implementation, including development of specifications, prototypes, design, configuration, testing, go-live, user training and postproduction support Work closely with functional configuration consultants to ensure accuracy and completeness of functional requirements, creates technical specifications and the development of programs according to specifications. Handle technical component delivery and participates in full integration testing and assumes responsibility for testing the application code from a technical perspective to verify that programs follow standards and meets technical specifications Responsible for regression testing of universal changes and fixes and the coordination of the deployment. Monitor the system integrations and interfaces between SAP ERP system applications and third-party vendors Ensure the integrity, accessibility and accuracy of employee data is maintained through strictly controlled role and security design. Follow Change Control Board process and attend meetings where required to present changes/fixes for approval Monitor internal/external ticketing systems and work with Business Owners to resolve Monitor Brewer XML files to be delivered as per our SLA (Service Level Agreement) Monitor Brewer Reporting on SFTP servers as per our SLA agreement Monitor the performance in BW Monitor Daily Process Chains within BW (Business Warehouse) Create documentation and detailed communication to the user community Meet regularly with the business to adopt successful partnership Act as the liaison between IT, the business community & external partners on HRMS initiatives Degree or Diploma– Business, IT, or related specializations preferred but not required SAP certification preferred 5 + years of experience working with ERP systems; SAP experience is required 5 + years of TBS/BDL experience is a strong asset but not required Design, build, test and retrofit BW Layered Scalable Architecture (LSA) data flow from data sources to reporting front end (BEX and AFO reports) Design and build new data processing flows using InfoCubes, DSOs, SPOs, expert routines and BEX reports. Design and modify BEX queries and report to meet power user’s requirements. Handling Incidents and change requests Objects transport in BI for development, testing, and production servers. Performance tuning and troubleshooting BI reporting issues during user acceptance testing. Analysis on the requirements gathered. Design and develop data flows, customize as per business requirements. ABAP custom coding to manipulate and filter data in both ECC and BI. BI Content objects activation and modification. Process Chain creation for data load scheduling. Performed analysis on the existing data models and identifying the changes to be made to meet user requirements. Create prototype reports and perform unit testing. Strong Communication skills (written and verbal) and the ability to engage with all Business Users Ability to produce high level documentation 
ScrapedJobID1049:

ScrapedJobID1050:
Develop and support of branch and insurance systems. Understands Canadian Retail Banking and Insurance from several points of view and aligns IT&S systems and processes to address critical information and technical requirements Acts as the Subject Matter Expert/Mentor and holds overall accountability for technical requirements review and the implementation of projects Participate in design discussions on scalability, performance, security, Microservices best practices Guide and mentor developers through technical issues and challenges – be “hands on” and contribute to the coding and development efforts directly Participates in all phases of the IT System Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Responsible for representing and successfully navigating projects through the internal Bank processes. Provides expert knowledge of cross-functional and business processes, policies and systems and works to influence peers and senior management to adopt, implement and align Participates as technical or business consultant in design, development, coding, testing, and debugging new packaged solutions or significant enhancements to existing applications. 8+ years of experience in server-side development with Java, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot/Batch with an emphasis on REST services 5+ years of experience with relational or no SQL databases. Excellent Computer Science Fundamentals; Object Oriented Design; Java Design Patterns. Proficiency in using Git for source code repository; Maven and Jenkins for build; Previous experience designing mission critical systems in an agile environment 10+ years of experience with programming, developing APIs, and building database. Previously worked as a lead developer or technical lead 10+ years of service side development experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot with an emphasis on Web or REST services. Experience with REST, Microservices Architecture, Event Driven Architecture Experience with ElasticSearch, Kafka, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Sql Server, Redis, Kibana, Grafana, Prometheus, Logstash, Ansible, Docker. Experience with multithreading. Understanding of cloud-based deployment Experience with Spark, Power BI, Tableau, SAS, Python and other data analytic programs is a definite asset We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1051:
Primarily focused on design, development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Engaging the vendor (Forgerock) for product update, issues, and software concurrency. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 4+ year experience and having a deep understanding of security solutions and protocols such as: Forgerock AM & DS, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, Windows Desktop SSO, LDAP Authentication, Radius, TOTP, MFA, Cross Domain SSO, SAML 2.0, Cryptography Architecture, Keystore would be required. 4+ years experience with Cloud Development and working in an agile environment is considered essential. 4+ years experience with Linux, shell scripting and Tomcat. 4+ years experience with reviewing code, proper documentation, and having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Strong experience with architecture design. Strong experience with production troubleshooting and performance analyzing. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience with Spring Boot back-end development is strongly considered. Experience with React/Redux front-end development is strongly considered. Experience with Ansible is strongly considered. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A great opportunity to leave your “stamp” as we are undergoing multiple exciting and forward thinking initiatives. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! 
ScrapedJobID1052:
Design/develop front-end & back-end web software components Customer interaction Full software development lifecycle – requirements through to delivery Help with project scope definition 5+ years experience in software development with a focus on web-based components Front end experience with Javascript, Typescript, CSS, HTML5 Experience developing microservices RESTful / websocket based APIs Linux environment Eligible to obtain secret level clearance 
ScrapedJobID1053:
Work remotely initially with a hybrid work from home plan once a return to office is in place a choice of a downtown Toronto or Markham office home base Minimum 5-8 years of experience in building modern scalable web and mobile applications Minimum 3 years as senior technical team member or technical lead with proven track records of mentoring or guiding team members in technical aspects for on-time delivery with quality Experience with Springboot or any other Java frameworks NodeJS architecture and experience with architecting and 
ScrapedJobID1054:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID1055:
Build, validate and maintain web pages, templates and emails from created or supplied PSD or wireframe layouts using clean, lightweight, semantic code that adheres to current Web Standards; Collaborate with design team on UX and UI Implement web design mockups accurately into HTML, CSS & Javascript using frameworks such as Bootstrap. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes via the companies marketing resource management tool DaVinci Workgroups. Assist in the conception, automation, development, and management of various digital channels, new media projects, and new website development as well as emerging technologies. Ensuring SEO best practices are adhered to when assessing content and content strategies Monitoring and analyzing web and social media channels. Documenting functional and design requirements, as appropriate. Documenting process and standards Provide general support related to digital marketing operations Through metrics and reporting ensuring that iA Wealth's online channels are as efficient and effective as possible. Staying abreast of industry standards for email, web and mobile sites, including emerging technologies, design techniques, accessibility and usability. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes. Designing digital content for use on internal channels including knowledge bases, extranets and other communications assets (as required) in collaboration with stakeholders and vendors. Sourcing stock video and imagery. Maintaining digital assets and monitoring content schedules for internal channels. Working with the team and external knowledge experts to develop and maintain a marketing digital and social strategy across multiple audiences and platforms. Research and recommend new media and trends as part of an overall strategy. To succeed in this role, the individual collaborates with others and is a self-starter with ability to work under tight deadlines and with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment. University/College Degree or Professional Certificate in Digital Media, Graphic Design, Marketing or Communications. Minimum 3 years of experience in Web Design/Front-end Development and current web technologies. Strong interest and hands on experience in the following capacities: Content Management Tools/Systems Front-end development Responsive Design General understanding of best practices in usability and accessibility (WCAG/AODA) General understanding of website metrics SEO/SEM (Search Engine Optimization/Search Engine Marketing) Social Media applications/Platforms and best practices Mobile Website Email design and email marketing best practices Proficient in the technology tools used for the corporate web properties: Sitefinity, Sitecore, Adobe Creative Suite, JavaScript/Jquery, JSON, PHP, XML, HTML/HTML5, CSS, SQL, Axure, Figma and MS Office. Working knowledge of the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, Search Engine Optimization, Taxonomy, Microsoft Sharepoint, Vimeo Video Platform and SproutSocial. Email Platforms (e.g. Act-On, Campaign Monitor, Hubspot) Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) an asset. Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to deliver a project from concept to completion. Good verbal and written communications skills. Experience in financial services industry an asset. Knowledge of French an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1056:
Leverage industry best practices to develop software tools and systems (primarily in Java, HTML, JavaScript, and SQL) Help to develop tools and systems that will assist in the interpretation of data As this is primarily a Data Analytics team, they are looking for a Full Stack Developer with a strong interest in data, who is able to periodically assist with the analysis and BI aspect of the team's day to day activities, and so strong SQL skills are a must Join a team that manages and maintains a rapidly growing analytics platform Work as part of a motivated team in a fast-paced working environment, where quality and attention to detail are vital The successful candidate will be responsible for assisting the team in developing web based tools and systems to assist in the data analysis and propagation of knowledge throughout the relevant engineering teams within Ensure the team is aware of identifiable information and that all processes are being followed Write code to perform complex data queries across various data collection systems Assist with design of new tools to help with data analysis Ability to deep dive into complex issues and help drive investigations via data Ability to recognize when the results don't make sense, and help identify why Database design skills (understanding of indexes, schema design, constraints, and table relationships) Extensive experience with SQL Extensive experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Extensive experience in one more Java, C#/MVC Strong grasp of web architecture and the interaction between the front end, back end, and database layer of a web application Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, data science, data engineering or related field 5+ years work experience 
ScrapedJobID1057:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1058:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in Django, Python Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny back-end bug fixes to broad structural changes spanning multiple codebases Performing Incidence management and root cause analysis Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred Backend server architecture experience; Python and Django experience Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services, and cloud platforms such as Google Cloud Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of critical concepts in DevOps and Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1059:
Design, develop and maintain our production applications, databases and custom ETL workflows to help our research and portfolio management team inform their investment decision making. Build and enhance our proprietary applications for investment research, portfolio management, and portfolio analytics by implementing database scripts, back-end application code, and occasionally front-end applications. Ensure that technical decisions are taken with an appropriate balance of time-to-market versus meeting longer-term organization needs. Ensure a smooth processing of production related jobs, providing occasional off-hours support. Motivated self-starter with a commitment to providing creative and robust software solutions. A minimum of 3 years of experience developing back-end applications, web applications, custom ETL processes and proprietary data solutions. Degree(s) in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or a related discipline. Strong software development skills with OOP languages such as Python or Java. Expertise in SQL, relational database concepts, and SQL scripting (T-SQL, PL/SQL, PL/pgSQL, etc.) Working knowledge of Python’s data ecosystem: Pandas, Flask, Django, SqlAlchemy, Airflow, etc. Proficient in software architecture and data model design. Ability to work closely with Portfolio Managers and Traders, and to understand their language. Experience in manipulating time-series, cross-sectional, or panel datasets. Experience working with financial datasets and data vendors. Investment industry / portfolio engineering experience, CFA, FRM, CSC or related designation. Front-end development experience with HTML + CSS + JS Frameworks (Angular, React, etc.). Experience with NoSQL DBs (MongoDB, etc.) and Big Data implementations (Dask, Spark, etc.). Bonus pay Extended health care Monday to Friday python: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1060:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations You will work in a cross-functional development team in which continuous improvement, innovation and knowledge sharing are part of the daily work. Your role will include: Architect, design and develop software and firmware for controlling radio frequency frontend (RFFE) chains of wireless base stations and radio units. Design and implement APIs and communication protocols for integrating RF front-end control modules with other system components. Participate in various integration and test activities. 5+ years firmware development experience using C/C++ for microcontrollers (bare metal or RTOS based) and a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science. Experience developing control algorithms (i.e. PID) for closed-loop systems, filtering and fusion algorithms, etc. Device driver integration and development for peripherals and buses: SPI, I2C, PCIe, Ethernet, UART, GPIO etc. Experience developing microcontroller boot loaders, upgrade and diagnostic functionality. Know how to perform initial board bring-up activities, familiarity with debugging tools and procedures. Experience working with radio components (i.e. PA, LNA); understanding Tx, Orx, and Rx signal chains, radio transceiver analog and mixed signals. Hands-on with lab equipment: network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, power sensors, signal generators, Vector Signal Analyzers. Experience with Python scripting. Experience developing firmware for optical transceivers and fibre optical modules. Experience with Linux BSP and drivers development. Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1061:
Design and develop robust new AEM components or modify existing ones, including their configuration, Java code, client libraries, and templates that meet business, technical and quality requirements. Provide technical guidance to AEM developers around best practices in AEM development - both back-end and front-end execution Configure Apache/Dispatcher front-end web servers as needed for existing and new websites for web applications, integrations, and services Review and approve/decline pull requests for merging code into the main branches of Bitbucket repository. Work closely with onsite and offshore developers, as well as Product Owner and stakeholders. Assist technical support staff, project managers, and users as needed to support business applications by diagnosing complex production issues requiring extensive analysis and troubleshooting. Provide technical guidance to projects ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; research and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope 5+ years experience developing applications with AEM 5+ years hands on experience in creating OSGI bundles, AEM Templates/Components and Workflows. Understanding the broader Adobe Marketing Cloud product stack, web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3, client-side scripting, and JavaScript frameworks Experience with Adobe’s latest maven archetype for building AEM projects - NPM, specifically webpack (https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) to allow for the use of Sass for compiled css files (https://sass-lang.com/) a definite bonus to have. Strong experience in using the following aspects of AEM: Sling, Dialog Configuration, Authoring Environment, CRX DE, Package Manager, User Administration Area, Assets Area, OSGi consoles 7+ years of Web application development experience including REST, Java, J2EE, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 and ReactJS Experience integrating AEM with other Adobe Marketing Cloud products, such as Analytics, Target, Campaign 7+ years experience with Unix/Linux, web and web hosting technologies 5+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) and also Adobe Cloud Manager Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Adaptable to working on teams delivering in a Waterfall or agile style Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do Self-directed and proactive Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment The candidate selected for this role is required to have special clearance from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. To see if you are eligible for this clearance, please review the section 201 on the Federal Government site (http://iss-ssi.pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca/msi-ism/ch2-prt1-eng.html) Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security 
ScrapedJobID1062:
Monday to Friday Java: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1063:
Develop and support of branch and insurance systems. Understands Canadian Retail Banking and Insurance from several points of view and aligns IT&S systems and processes to address critical information and technical requirements Acts as the Subject Matter Expert/Mentor and holds overall accountability for technical requirements review and the implementation of projects Participate in design discussions on scalability, performance, security, Microservices best practices Guide and mentor developers through technical issues and challenges – be “hands on” and contribute to the coding and development efforts directly Participates in all phases of the IT System Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Responsible for representing and successfully navigating projects through the internal Bank processes. Provides expert knowledge of cross-functional and business processes, policies and systems and works to influence peers and senior management to adopt, implement and align Participates as technical or business consultant in design, development, coding, testing, and debugging new packaged solutions or significant enhancements to existing applications. 8+ years of experience in server-side development with Java, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot/Batch with an emphasis on REST services 5+ years of experience with relational or no SQL databases. Excellent Computer Science Fundamentals; Object Oriented Design; Java Design Patterns. Proficiency in using Git for source code repository; Maven and Jenkins for build; Previous experience designing mission critical systems in an agile environment 10+ years of experience with programming, developing APIs, and building database. Previously worked as a lead developer or technical lead 10+ years of service side development experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot with an emphasis on Web or REST services. Experience with REST, Microservices Architecture, Event Driven Architecture Experience with ElasticSearch, Kafka, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Sql Server, Redis, Kibana, Grafana, Prometheus, Logstash, Ansible, Docker. Experience with multithreading. Understanding of cloud-based deployment Experience with Spark, Power BI, Tableau, SAS, Python and other data analytic programs is a definite asset We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1064:
Key domain leader in designing and building innovative software solutions in the areas of core algorithmic trading API's, models & signals implementations, pre/post trade analytics, back testing and risk functions for the Systematic Investment Trading Desk Develop custom technical solutions and employ industry best practices to build and support Front/Back office applications and platforms from Portfolio Management and Trading Perspectives by applying detailed knowledge of investment management concepts across multiple asset classes. Directly partner with Investment Management division to implement/optimize/support new investment models, strategies across various financial instruments (currencies, futures, rates, equities…etc.) via technical and software implementations Integrate market trading API's into their Order Management and Book of Record/Compliance Systems Design and oversees the data workflow, data engineering and data mining on time-series market data and trade signals, under the direction from the Systematic Trading Desk Professional documentation of methodology, validation testing and specifications used for modeling Identify, prioritize, and manage projects independently and in collaboration with peers as requirements and timelines dictate Key driver of the end user computer technologies Strong Team player Clearly communicates complex concepts Mentoring and developing junior team members Implementations of trade execution and cost analysis based on Investment Management division's research and models Understanding of pre-trade, post-trade of trade workflow and provide suggestions on improvement of efficiencies from software engineering and infrastructure perspective Advanced degree in quantitative subjects such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or Engineering Professional accreditation in Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) and/or Financial Risk Manager (FRM) 10+ years Capital Markets experience with strong investment product knowledge (including OTC-Over the Counter vanilla and exotic derivatives) 10+ years Technical & Quantitative Development experience Solid understanding of systematic investment strategies/processes, quantitative techniques (statistics, optimization), market microstructure, portfolio theories, execution and pre/post trade analytics across several asset classes Experience developing real-time Equity, FX, Futures trading platforms, inclusive of algorithmic and systematic complex event processing at any financial institution. In depth knowledge of the principles, theories, practices and techniques on functional design for all functional components to build high throughput trading applications Experience with software development methodologies and agile development practices Proven java/c/c#/python/SQL experience in capital markets Experience in working with/or developing with time series database, BPIPE, DAPI, OMS is a plus Design and automate testing harnesses for systematic trading, valuation and risk models Previous experience in capital markets, including quantitative research, trading and portfolio analytics Effectively communicate with end users who may not be technical proficient and present ideas in simple but effective manner and translate them into actionable workplans Able to handle stress and manage expectations from different business/technical stakeholders in this fast-paced environment Ability to interact with and build strong working relationships with Traders and technology Teams (Analysts, Developers, Coaches) Excellent technical and non-technical verbal and written communication skills Comfortable working in a multidisciplinary team of varying skill levels Comfortable working in an environment with a high rate of change and, when appropriate, willingness to step outside of primary role in order to facilitate successful outcomes Passionate about improving your own skills as well as those of your colleagues through knowledge sharing and mentoring They are innovators who use the latest tools, technologies and lean processes in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS Cloud, Kubernetes, Java, C#, Javascript, HTML5, MSSQL Server, SAP Hana, Python). They have an entrepreneurial mindset overseeing our projects from end-to-end. Their principles are focused on delivering true customer value in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. They are champions at delivering trade messaging solutions for trade workflow automation of multiple asset classes, leveraging DevOps for automated testing and deployment pipelines and using Amazon Web Services for dynamic infrastructure. They explore the boundaries of what technology can do so we can provide the ideal solutions to solve business problems. They are friendly, diverse, collaborative, passionate and with limitless potential. They are students and teachers to each other to ensure we are cultivating a high-performance team. They are your cheerleaders and mentors to unleash your potential and help grow your career.We enable you to develop your skills by challenging the status quo and solving problems within the technology landscape, like volume (machine learning, back testing), velocity (streaming data, complex event processing) and variety (structured and non-structured data) to arrive to meaningful decisions. 
ScrapedJobID1065:
7-10 years of experience with software Back-end development primarily with .NET, Java or Node.JS 4+ years of experience with Web and Front-end technologies like: Javascript, JSON, REST, SOAP etc. Experience with Microservices and APIs Experience with Software ID/Access Management with tools like OAuth, SAML or OpenID General DevOps experience is highly valuable AWS or Azure Cloud is also highly valuable Strong communicator and experience either mentoring or teaching other lower level resources Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1066:
Design, implement and test back-end and front-end features Provide strong experience with C#, SQL Server and RESTful APIs as well as some front-end experience Conduct end-to-end development from design through development to deployments Participate with enthusiasm to an agile culture helping to define effort and openly and respectfully provide and accept insight on improvements 7+ years experience developing web/mobile ready applications Strong experience with C# preferably with .Net Core Solid experience with SQL Server Solid experience developing Microservices and RESTful APIs Understanding and exposure to modern development practices such as TDD, DDD, etc. preferred Experience with Typescript/Angular preferred Exposure and/or training in ESB tools an asset Exposure and/or training in DevOps/CI/CD as asset as well as familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes Experience with Dapr (Distributed application runtime) an asset 
ScrapedJobID1067:
full stack: 3 years (preferred) Java: 2 years (preferred) Angular: 2 years (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) DevOps: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1068:
Working within an agile and cross-functional squad to ensure collaboration across design activities and work closely with a Content Designer to produce flows for the bank’s online banking. The main responsibility of the role is collaborating with other designers on the team as well as Product and Technology in order to shape exceptional digital self-serve features for our clients. Looking for a flexible designer (i.e., Strong Interaction + Skills in Visual) with a product mindset Collaborative, humble, open, critical thinkers, curious, data-driven BA/BS degree in Design (e.g., interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science (CS), or a related field or equivalent practical experience Portfolio that includes web and/or mobile design samples 4-7 years UX Product Design experience Product Design focused (Strong Visual skills with basic interaction skills) Solid knowledge of Figma design tool (Figma is preferred but opens for other tools such as Sketch and Invision) Strong communication, collaboration and influence kills Has worked in an Agile setting and a proven track record of working closely with Product owners and developers Has experience working with a Design System Has conducted or helped conduct qualitative or quantitative research Understands front-end development and its constraints Has content design skills 
ScrapedJobID1069:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of test automation experience in both back-end/API and front-end/UI environments Strong coding ability within a test automation capacity, ideally using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1070:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1071:
Invite solutions which account for scalability and optimize performance Collaborate within an agile team to understand business needs and work through complex business processes to create solutions that align with the company goals Outline and enact back end and front end components and services Analyze new technologies and design prototypes for continuing improvements Uphold top programming practices and standards Construct excellent production-ready code in an agile environment 5+ years of software development experience with specialization in React and Ruby on Rails Strong FE experience with HAML, HTML, SCSS, CSS Experience with creating and consuming WebAPI's Knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems, MySQL, Postgress, MSSQL, etc 
ScrapedJobID1072:

ScrapedJobID1073:
Senior React Native Developer - this project consists of a number of applications that will be developed for Store Associates using React Native for both Android and IOS devices Of these applications there will be a mixture of new and Legacy (Angular Ionic, .Net, etc.) 7+ years Development experience Experience with React Native is a must Experience with Android & IOS debugging is a must Experience with Jest testing, Sonarcube is a must Experience with NodeJS is a must Strong logic development React Native, Android & IOS debugging, Jest testing, Sonarcube, NodeJS is a must SQL, Cloud and MicroServices framework experience is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1074:
Évaluer les choix technologiques et tester rapidement les solutions; Donner une vision technique à l’équipe et travailler avec les architectes pour établir la feuille de route des applications qu’elle prend en charge; En collaboration avec l’équipe, résoudre les problèmes d’architecture; En collaboration avec les responsables de produit, transformer les livrables en résultats techniques; Concevoir des systèmes évolutifs en tenant compte de la performance et de la sécurité; Cerner et résoudre les problèmes de développement web frontal qui touchent les clients; Garantir une expérience uniforme entre les divers navigateurs et appareils; Promouvoir l’utilisation de tests unitaires et le développement guidé par les tests lors de la conception et du développement; Encourager l’équipe à appliquer les meilleures pratiques et lui montrer comment faire; Appliquer et promouvoir les meilleures pratiques en matière d’accessibilité (nous croyons que le web devrait être accessible à tous); Examiner et développer les pipelines fondés sur des conteneurs pour votre équipe Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement frontal (React); Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement interne (Node.js, PostgreSQL); Capacité de travailler efficacement en équipe; Expérience du mentorat de développeurs moins expérimentés, de la vérification de la qualité du code et de la promotion des meilleures pratiques; Expérience en vulgarisation des concepts et des exigences techniques; Expérience en conception et en description des API (nous utilisons Node.js, Express et OpenAPI Spec); Expérience de la programmation réactive fonctionnelle (FRP); Expérience des technologies de mise en grappe (nous utilisons Kubernetes); Expérience de la conception de systèmes à haute disponibilité et des tests de sollicitation sur ceux-ci; Expérience de l’écosystème Docker; Expérience en protection des applications web contre les menaces courantes; Expérience de la conception, du développement et de la mise à jour des systèmes à haute disponibilité (atout). 
ScrapedJobID1075:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of related industry experience Passion for improving the customer experience Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. Software
Experience In at least 6 years of experience with/in TypeScript
Experience In at least 8 years of experience with/in C# Experience In at least 6 years of experience with/in TypeScript Experience In at least 8 years of experience with/in C# 
ScrapedJobID1076:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1077:
Transaction Processing Services Project: Web-based, cloud-based project The main function of a Developer is to design, develop, and implement applications using general languages and technologies (e.g. - C#, C++, HTML) to support business requirements Analyze highly complex business requirements; generate technical specifications to design or redesign complex software components and applications Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts Leverage industry best practices to design, test, implement and support a solution Assure quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area Be flexible and thrive in an evolving environment Adapt to change quickly and adjust work accordingly in a positive manner Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with bank’s Values, its Code of Conduct, and the Global Sales Principles, while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions, and conduct risk 7+ years experience with Web and Cloud technologies (preferred Microsoft Azure 5+ years of hands-on experience with Development experience in needed language or technology Hands on experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large-scale projects from end-to-end Hands on experience in following the iterative and agile SDLC 1-2 years of prior experience in level 1 production support J2EE technologies - Java, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP, REST) Web application technologies - Restful APIs, Spring, Spring Boot, JSON Database experience - DB2, SQL Build management and code deployment experience - IBM Websphere, Azure CDP (Cloud Development Platform) Understand HTTPS, TLS/SSL and has experience on generate certificate Monitoring tools - Splunk Understand how the Banks risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment Must be fluent in English, oral and written, with excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills to understand, document and share key system information with their colleagues, support groups, other technical staff, business partners and management Takes accountability for results and exhibits a can-do attitude Self-starter with a desire to learn and contribute Has an appetite to continuously evolve and improve, to tackle difficult problems and seek/give constant feedback Embraces change and sees it as an essential driver to solve complex issues Demonstrates flexibility and can move forward without having all the answers Consistently seeks to understand, meet, and deliver on customers expectations Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required 
ScrapedJobID1078:

ScrapedJobID1079:
Flexible work schedule. Never have the feeling of being late again! Unlimited paid time off. Want a few extra vacation days for your overseas trip? No problem. Need to extend your weekend staycation? Just let us know! Birthday and work anniversary celebrations. We love to celebrate you! We'll gift you gift cards or dinner for these special occasions. We promise not to make you awkwardly stand there while we sing ?happy birthday? to you. Remote work options are available. Work where you work best (though this may vary on the type of role and responsibilities). Many of our team members are working from home 80-90% of the year (permanent work-from-home opportunities available). Drop-And-Go Offices are available. Prefer a change of scenery or tired of hearing your roommates daily 9 am Zoom calls? We have frequently sanitized, recently renovated, and pet-friendly offices in the GTA! Casual dress code in effect and come and go as you please! Free healthy snacks. Just let us know what snacks or coffee/tea keep you fueled, and we'll stock them for the kitchen. Office gym. Eat too many of those snacks? Our employee-only office gym at our head office in Mississauga is available for you 24/7. It's no Globo gym but it'll do! Paid time off to volunteer. Are you involved in a local non-profit or do you enjoy pro-bono consulting? Outgivers get paid time off to give back to the community. Recognition programs. Convert your daily or weekly peer-to-peer brownie points for gift cards, trips, food, and more! Lead team meetings, check in with your team of Junior to Intermediate Web Developers and support them as required. Work on actual development and coding of projects. Present updates to stakeholders and executives, make recommendations, and work in cross-functional teams. Implement architecture and strategy. Facilitate conversations that search for the best possible web development solutions and how to implement them with your team. Use your knowledge and skills in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. You love being a Developer and mentor to Junior Devs. You have team leadership experience or a passion for leadership and a willingness to take on the managerial aspect of the role. You have strong listening and presentation skills and can lead stakeholder meetings to discuss progress, updates, and strategic brainstorming. You thrive under pressure and tight timelines, with an ability to shift priorities based on client or operational needs. You have experience working on "production-grade applications", so should have proven experience creating something that has already been deployed and has users. You should be proficient in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. Exhibit our 4 core values. Our 4Gs - grit, growth, gratitude, and greatness - are what drive us all to keep growing and learning as Outgivers. Project management and/or eCommerce experience. A desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced, global company with remote team members around the world. 
ScrapedJobID1080:
Build and maintain APIs for our customers' existing data to the cloud. Work closely with all the developers and managers at Plexxis to define and develop the solutions to our customers' business needs and efficiency gaps. Build new APIs and help design infrastructure for applications that are entirely cloud-hosted. Communicate with your immediate team members to explain your current challenges and help them with their own. Develop functional mobile applications based on usability and appeal. Experience developing and working with REST APIs Experience with at least one relational database (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL/MariaDB) Experience integrating an ORM A high bar for code quality and performance Experience planning and estimating software development tasks in an agile environment Broad understanding of the design and architecture of modern web applications Modern development skills in JavaScript, HTML and CSS Production experience with React Excellent communication and collaboration skills Values learning and sharing knowledge Production experience using TypeORM Experience with continuous integration and deployment Involvement in deployment to a cloud provider (e.g. AWS, Google, Heroku, Digital Ocean, Azure) Experience with GraphQL Experience writing unit and integration tests Knowledge of one or more object-oriented programming languages Work with a small, tight-knit group of hard-working, dedicated, and fun individuals Enjoy the atmosphere of a rapidly growing, high energy company with an entrepreneurial spirit Be on the winning team - poised to emerge as the global leader Be challenged in the workspace, or even in the lunchroom Lose the stuffy environment (and politics) of “big corporate” and focus on delivering what the competition calls “impossible” If you are ready for an exciting career with an industry leader, apply today. 
ScrapedJobID1081:
Develop new mobile apps, websites, and web applications Help define application architecture and plan solutions to technical challenges Research and implement tools and libraries that evolve development processes and capabilities Collaborate with designers to craft cutting-edge user experiences Manage your time against multiple deadlines and requirements Three or more years of Full Stack development experience and a track record of excellence as demonstrated in your body of work. A post-secondary education studying computer science, web/app development or comparable. Proficient with HTML5/CSS/JavaScript technologies Proficient with Ruby on Rails & React.js Proficient using responsive development techniques Good communication skills to help you collaborate with your team and clients A dependable home office including private working area, fast & reliable internet Agile development methodologies Styling frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, or similar) React Native Cloud computing (Google, AWS or similar) Meaningful work contributing to projects that make a difference in people's lives; Continual professional development through mentorship, training, workshops, and conferences; Competitive salary; Health and dental benefits; Flexible hours and the ability to work remotely (from home or locations); Direct access to executives; Paid holidays; Participating in online social team building activities; and Hanging out with like-minded people with lots to learn and do. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday React or Rails: 2 years (required) Web or Mobile App development: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1082:
Enabling developers and designers to create consistent and accessible experiences by guiding the implementation of Skyline. Defining Skyline's growth strategy to help us scale across the organization. Identifying efficiencies that we could solve through system thinking in cross-functional team processes. Report to the Director of Product Experience and be one of the leaders in the Skyline team. Define best practices for front-end developers at Benevity. Build new design system components, ensuring that our design system meets the highest standards of accessibility and inclusiveness. Act as a communication bridge between the Product Design and Engineering teams, creating a shared language and helping break down knowledge silos. Contribute thoughtfully to building an inclusive environment for everyone. Use Figma to facilitate communication and collaboration between designers and yourself. Actively participate in ongoing planning activities with your team. Ensure that work flowing into the team accurately captures acceptance criteria for functional and non-functional requirements. Educate teams on testing interfaces on various browsers, operating systems, devices, networks and assistive technologies. Build strong, inclusive, collaborative relationships with peers, including designers, product managers, developers and cross-functional team members. You are a cultural contributor and a mentor to others. You start from a place of curiosity and seek out feedback from everyone. You foster a space where everyone can participate. Experience using one or more modern frameworks like Vue, Angular, React, Web Components or any other component-based development framework is required. A deep understanding of any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack. A deep understanding of CSS and familiarity with naming conventions such as BEM. Strong understanding of front-end build tooling, ES modules, and cross-browser compatibility. Experience creating prototypes using modern front-end technologies. Passionate about creating accessible, performant interfaces that delight our end users. Experience with automated UI testing and review processes Compelling communication, collaboration and creative problem-solving skills: an ability to lead and the humility to adapt. 
ScrapedJobID1083:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1084:
You're visually oriented and have a keen eye for detail - it's a thing of beauty to watch you work. You have a rock-solid reputation as a creative problem solver - nothing slows you down for long. You manage your time as expertly as you manage your projects. Prioritizing, planning and organizing are part of your DNA, and you handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and clear vision. You're 'web-savvy' and up to date with designing mobile trends, tools and methods. You're a natural at coming up with simple solutions to complicated web developing ideas and concepts and explaining them to others. You tackle every project with anticipation and excitement - no matter how big or how small. You ?get' what it means to be part of the team and enjoy working in a collaborative, open-office environment. The words ?that will do? aren't in your vocabulary. You always strive to find the best, most innovative solution. You don't sit around waiting to be told what to do. You know what needs to be done and you do it. You love rolling up your sleeves and digging into the details. You handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and a clear vision. Reporting to the Agile Team Lead, Development. Develop enterprise web applications to add value to the business, ensuring that applications are on the right platform. Support and enhance the external-facing AMA websites and all other internal applications. Collaborate and develop strong working relationships with key cross functional partners in support of the Project Execution Methodology. Ensure integrity and optimal performance of applications and databases. Provide analysis and recommended solution for data problems. Identify key areas throughout our website that can be modified, enhanced and beautified. Look for opportunities and make recommendations for improvements to our website and marketing materials - after all, it's all about the customer experience! Seeking to build in security during the development stages of software systems. Work with solutions architect, team leads, QA analyst and other developers and business users through the project life cycle to gather and understand requirements, determine best solutions, test solutions and demonstrate functionality to end users. Ensure all application changes are developed, tested, and implemented in a well-controlled environment. Follow modern application architecture guidelines and design principles such as separation of concerns, single responsibility, and least knowledge. Deploy code through an established automated deployment framework. Create user-centric applications by considering customer feedback, technical constraints, opportunities and usability findings. Enforce test-driven development (TDD) and continuous integration. You have a university degree or technical school diploma in a related technical field such as Information Technology or Computer Science. Have a degree in something else? Tell us about it and how you can use it in this role. You have at least 1 year of web development experience. You're comfortable working with data security at rest and transit. You're also at ease with Application Programming Interface (API) management and design. You have experience with the following languages, on this we must insist: ASP.NET MVC C# SQL (queries, views, stored procedures) Angular 2+ TypeScript Javascript CSS Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub) You'll get bonus points if you have: .NET Core Azure experience with App Services, SQL Server, Function and Logic Apps You have a deep knowledge of the full web stack (HTTP, cookies, caching, browser rendering) MCSD certification You have knowledge of Digital Marketing, and if you don't, an interest to learn would be great too! Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Defined Pension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. Work-from home options available. 
ScrapedJobID1085:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1086:

ScrapedJobID1087:
Help design and implement our backend architecture, APIs, and 3rd party integrations. Work with the front end, admin, and data teams to understand objectives and develop functional requirements Create flexible, reusable, and efficient APIs, and tooling. Become a part of the technical direction of our platform while delivering well-tested, performant, and maintainable code Have the potential to grow your experience and move into more senior roles in your career path Firm grasp of backend development frameworks: Laravel (preferred), Symfony, Zend, etc. 3+ years of experience building APIs in PHP or a similar language, preferably in a similar high-growth marketplace-based startup Ability to apply critical thinking and problem solving to complex tasks. Expertise in REST and working knowledge of WebSockets Experience working with mySQL or a similar RDBMS Experience working with NOSQL databases such as mongodb (prefered), dynamoDB Experience working with cloud computing providers such as AWS, Azure, or Google Computing Services. 
ScrapedJobID1088:
Build applications for various front office businesses Define the architecture for new developments Ensure all data and flows between other trading and settlement applications are maintained Manage multiple initiatives from start to end, including: Build applications for various front office businesses Define the architecture for new developments Ensure all data and flows between other trading and settlement applications are maintained Manage multiple initiatives from start to end, including: 
ScrapedJobID1089:

ScrapedJobID1090:
Under the overall direction of the Manager, the contractor, working with the other project team members, shall assist the manager with the following tasks: Provide system life-cycle support for Air Navigation operational and non-operational systems Assists in requirements analysis and specification writing and management Assists in the analysis, development, and implementation of software solutions for new requirements and identified deficiencies Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design and develop and troubleshoot applications Assists in maintaining the software development environment Recommends practices for configuration, installation, optimization and use of productivity tools. Degree from a recognized university or community college with an acceptable specialization in computer, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science or information systems Experience developing applications in C/C++ (open to entry-level and all levels of experience) Experience using GitLab, TFS, Artifactory, Jenkins Experience in designing, developing customer-facing, front-end software through interaction with the customer Experience developing front-end technologies such as JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue.js an asset Experience using Maven, Conan, CMake an asset Experience with MFC, and/or Modern C++ an asset Experience using RTI DDS an asset Experience developing real-time applications an asset Knowledge of design patterns Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodologies Strong Critical Thinking Effective English language written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1091:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1092:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1093:
Design, develop and maintain our production applications, databases and custom ETL workflows to help our research and portfolio management team inform their investment decision making. Build and enhance our proprietary applications for investment research, portfolio management, and portfolio analytics by implementing database scripts, back-end application code, and occasionally front-end applications. Ensure that technical decisions are taken with an appropriate balance of time-to-market versus meeting longer-term organization needs. Ensure a smooth processing of production related jobs, providing occasional off-hours support. Motivated self-starter with a commitment to providing creative and robust software solutions. A minimum of 3 years of experience developing back-end applications, web applications, custom ETL processes and proprietary data solutions. Degree(s) in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or a related discipline. Strong software development skills with OOP languages such as Python or Java. Expertise in SQL, relational database concepts, and SQL scripting (T-SQL, PL/SQL, PL/pgSQL, etc.) Working knowledge of Python’s data ecosystem: Pandas, Flask, Django, SqlAlchemy, Airflow, etc. Proficient in software architecture and data model design. Ability to work closely with Portfolio Managers and Traders, and to understand their language. Experience in manipulating time-series, cross-sectional, or panel datasets. Experience working with financial datasets and data vendors. Investment industry / portfolio engineering experience, CFA, FRM, CSC or related designation. Front-end development experience with HTML + CSS + JS Frameworks (Angular, React, etc.). Experience with NoSQL DBs (MongoDB, etc.) and Big Data implementations (Dask, Spark, etc.). Bonus pay Extended health care Monday to Friday python: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1094:
Remote Position Full-time permanent position Monday – Friday, must be able to work Eastern Standard Hours (EST) Work with a high performing agile project team Develop (in collaboration with other team members) creative, functional, and maintainable and performance driven web applications, websites and components Write high-quality, reusable code following industry best practices and can teach others to follow your lead Project based work, as well as contributing to our internal library of reusable components Develop (in collaboration with other team members) best practices and standards for application development, and development operations within the studio Manage development teams on your projects (task assignment, code review) Manage all operational aspects of your projects - including the development pipeline, source control, branching & merging, continuous integration and deployment Write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced solutions according to established standards Provide estimates on work efforts Provide senior level support to developers on your team through mentoring and helping them debug issues Ensure strong team collaboration. Lead by example. Understand how the team prefers to communicate Minimum of 4 years of professional experience working as a senior technical architect/project lead. "Full stack" experience preferred Experience in .NET 4.x and web application development (C#), ASP.Net Web Forms, ASP.Net, MVC, ASP.Net Web API - minimum of 5 years of professional experience in .NET development High proficiency with Windows Server (IIS) and experience with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Rackspace Cloud Relational database design and programming expertise (MS SQL Server), knowledge of and/or experience with NoSQL technologies such as RavenDB, MongoDB, DocumentDB Proven experience with DevOps, continuous integration and deployment using tools such as Azure DevOps, TeamCity, Jenkins, Travis CI, Web Deploy, Octopus Deploy, Fake, Cake and Gulp Advanced source code management skills with Git using branching strategies such as Git Flow, and managing code reviews with pull requests Strong debugging skills combined with experience using performance and load testing tools Fluent in HTML5/CSS3 Strong JavaScript skills with experience implementing interactive user interfaces with both modern libraries (React, Angular.js, VueJs) and the classics (knockout.js, jQuery, underscore.js,require.js) A minimum of one year of experience working with Kentico CMS, or at least two years of professional experience working with another .NET-based CMS (e.g., EpiServer, SiteCore, Sitefinity, DotNetNuke, Ektron) Proven experience in a technical leadership role with strong leadership, organizational, communication and negotiation skills Professional experience working in Scrum and/or Kanban with Agile teams Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain the technical aspects of a project to non-technical people 
ScrapedJobID1095:
BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 6+ years’ experience developing web, software, or mobile applications. DevOps experience with AWS infrastructure. Experience in designing and developing front-end web applications using React/Redux or Angular framework. Experience designing and implementing scalable web services with REST or SOAP APIs, preferably using frameworks such as Spring, Express.js, or FastAPI. Experience in test driven development with familiarity with modern testing frameworks and tools such as Jest, JUnit, and Karate, etc. Solid understanding of design patterns and their application in writing highly scalable code. Strong desire for learning and growth with collaborative can-do attitude Ability to take initiative with a strong sense of ownership. Excellent problem-solving skills with the ability of breaking down complex problems into simple executable tasks. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies Solid understanding of AI / Machine learning techniques to enhance content localization is a plus. Contribute to the design and architecture of the project with internal and external stakeholders and vendors. Gathering functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Act in a technical leadership capacity: Mentoring junior engineers, new team members, and applying technical expertise to challenging programming and design problems Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams: product management, various product lines, or business units to drive forward results Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1096:
Key domain leader in designing and building innovative software solutions in the areas of core algorithmic trading API's, models & signals implementations, pre/post trade analytics, back testing and risk functions for the Systematic Investment Trading Desk Develop custom technical solutions and employ industry best practices to build and support Front/Back office applications and platforms from Portfolio Management and Trading Perspectives by applying detailed knowledge of investment management concepts across multiple asset classes. Directly partner with Investment Management division to implement/optimize/support new investment models, strategies across various financial instruments (currencies, futures, rates, equities…etc.) via technical and software implementations Integrate market trading API's into their Order Management and Book of Record/Compliance Systems Design and oversees the data workflow, data engineering and data mining on time-series market data and trade signals, under the direction from the Systematic Trading Desk Professional documentation of methodology, validation testing and specifications used for modeling Identify, prioritize, and manage projects independently and in collaboration with peers as requirements and timelines dictate Key driver of the end user computer technologies Strong Team player Clearly communicates complex concepts Mentoring and developing junior team members Implementations of trade execution and cost analysis based on Investment Management division's research and models Understanding of pre-trade, post-trade of trade workflow and provide suggestions on improvement of efficiencies from software engineering and infrastructure perspective Advanced degree in quantitative subjects such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or Engineering Professional accreditation in Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) and/or Financial Risk Manager (FRM) 10+ years Capital Markets experience with strong investment product knowledge (including OTC-Over the Counter vanilla and exotic derivatives) 10+ years Technical & Quantitative Development experience Solid understanding of systematic investment strategies/processes, quantitative techniques (statistics, optimization), market microstructure, portfolio theories, execution and pre/post trade analytics across several asset classes Experience developing real-time Equity, FX, Futures trading platforms, inclusive of algorithmic and systematic complex event processing at any financial institution. In depth knowledge of the principles, theories, practices and techniques on functional design for all functional components to build high throughput trading applications Experience with software development methodologies and agile development practices Proven java/c/c#/python/SQL experience in capital markets Experience in working with/or developing with time series database, BPIPE, DAPI, OMS is a plus Design and automate testing harnesses for systematic trading, valuation and risk models Previous experience in capital markets, including quantitative research, trading and portfolio analytics Effectively communicate with end users who may not be technical proficient and present ideas in simple but effective manner and translate them into actionable workplans Able to handle stress and manage expectations from different business/technical stakeholders in this fast-paced environment Ability to interact with and build strong working relationships with Traders and technology Teams (Analysts, Developers, Coaches) Excellent technical and non-technical verbal and written communication skills Comfortable working in a multidisciplinary team of varying skill levels Comfortable working in an environment with a high rate of change and, when appropriate, willingness to step outside of primary role in order to facilitate successful outcomes Passionate about improving your own skills as well as those of your colleagues through knowledge sharing and mentoring They are innovators who use the latest tools, technologies and lean processes in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS Cloud, Kubernetes, Java, C#, Javascript, HTML5, MSSQL Server, SAP Hana, Python). They have an entrepreneurial mindset overseeing our projects from end-to-end. Their principles are focused on delivering true customer value in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. They are champions at delivering trade messaging solutions for trade workflow automation of multiple asset classes, leveraging DevOps for automated testing and deployment pipelines and using Amazon Web Services for dynamic infrastructure. They explore the boundaries of what technology can do so we can provide the ideal solutions to solve business problems. They are friendly, diverse, collaborative, passionate and with limitless potential. They are students and teachers to each other to ensure we are cultivating a high-performance team. They are your cheerleaders and mentors to unleash your potential and help grow your career.We enable you to develop your skills by challenging the status quo and solving problems within the technology landscape, like volume (machine learning, back testing), velocity (streaming data, complex event processing) and variety (structured and non-structured data) to arrive to meaningful decisions. 
ScrapedJobID1097:
Day shift teaching: 1 year (preferred) mobile app development: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1098:
Located in Burlington, ON Full-time, permanent role (Monday – Friday, with flex hours), Remote / Hybrid working is a possibility Salary between $85,000 - $110,000 commensurate with experience Full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack / React / Typescript Growth, leadership, and project management opportunities Take responsibility for technical architecture and implementation of a large-scale, web-based custom software solution Work with product/project managers to create technical implementation strategies for new feature development Mentor less-senior members of the team Maintain regular communication with internal and external project stakeholders A full-time, permanent position from Monday to Friday, 9:00am-5:00pm with flex hours to best suit your needs Hybrid/Remote working conditions Competitive salary Health benefits 3 weeks’ paid vacation to start Profit sharing potential 8+ years of experience working in software development Expert level knowledge in full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack Proficiency with front end web development technologies including React and Typescript Strong proficiency in design/development of relational databases and ORMs (e.g., Entity Framework or NHibernate) Post-secondary degree or diploma in computer science, software development or a related field, or equivalent work experience Excellent leadership and mentoring abilities. Strong English language oral and written communication skills Experience with OpenID Connect / OAuth / IdentityServer Experience working with agile processes or in a start-up environment/small organization is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1099:
Design software applications based on architecture reference guidelines Evaluate technical requirements and provide recommendations on how to best build software Document application solutions and write software design specifications Write reliable and efficient code and maintain source code files in enterprise repository Test and debug enterprise applications Participate in software development lifecycle phases including solution design, configuration, development, testing and support Contribute throughout the entire SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) with focus on continuous improvement and work in a team environment Participate in team review for functional specification, technical design and code review Participate in project scrums when working on Agile initiatives Assist in troubleshooting problems in the production environment, when required Follow guidelines and procedures to ensure source controls is properly used, software documentation is maintained and kept up-to-date as it relates to solution and application architectural design diagrams, technical and conceptual models and workflows Interact with Functional Analyst, Business Systems Analyst, Business Analysts, Solution Architects and other Developers to ensure that questions and discrepancies about specifications are resolved during the solution development process Collaborate with local and regional I.S. teams to deliver enterprise solutions that are scalable, adaptable and in synchronization with evolving business needs Research tools, frameworks and technologies that could enhance user experience in alignment with IS strategy University degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related fields Minimum of 10 years of software development experience in J2EE Proven experience in software analysis and detailed design. Experience in analysis and application design using Design Patterns and UML Solid understanding of J2EE/JEE architecture (back-end and front-end) Proven experience with Spring Framework, including Spring Core, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Data, MVC Modern Javascript frameworks, such as AngularJS/React Strong working experience with integration through Messaging and Web Services (RESTful and Soap) and oData Services AJAX, JQuery, JMS, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, JUnit, Maven, XML, XSLT Microservices and API management DOJO, Struts, EJB DevOps experience MS SQL Server API Connect, WebSphere Application Server (WAS), Websphere Liberty Platform (WLP) AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, Cognito, API Management) Experience with Agile Good written and oral communication skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to demonstrate initiative, good judgment and effective decision-making Strong process improvement orientation, and experience in leading discussions to drive positive results amongst inter-disciplinary groups Bachelor's Degree (preferred) software development (J2EE): 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1100:
TypeScript / JavaScript React Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress Significant full-stack and/or front-end experience designing, building, and maintaining enterprise web applications and/or APIs. Understanding of responsive web apps and developing applications for multiple resolutions and devices. Familiarity with modern best practices for usability, accessibility, and UX design. Enjoy collaborating with designers to create pleasant, understandable, and efficient user interface flows and patterns. Experience working closely with product and account support personnel to help prioritize the best solutions to the largest problems. Attention to detail in work and ability to identify ambiguities in specifications. Experience designing and architecting systems to meet high standards of reliability. Able to effectively communicate ideas and concepts within your team, across teams, and throughout the organization, even with non-technical audiences, in both written and verbal forms. Eagerness to work in a cross functional team to help build end-to-end features. Experience with progressive web apps that continue to work while offline. Experience leveraging best practices for client data management (using RESTful and/or GraphQL APIs) to ensure resilient, performant user experiences. Familiarity with modern DevSecOps techniques: CI/CD, TDD, Infrastructure as code (IaC), etc. Mission Driven - Some companies use AI to serve better digital ads and trade stocks, we seek to make our communities safer and more resilient Top Compensation - Competitive compensation package We are 100% Distributed - work from anywhere Your health matters to us, so we offer 100% employer-paid premium option Distributed work monthly stipend Office Space Stipend for co-working space expenses Wellness reimbursement Educational Allowance Weekly lunch stipend 
ScrapedJobID1101:
Write reusable, well-tested UI code using a variety of modern technologies Create implementation plans to describe the work you intend to do, and review the plans created by others on the team Use and improve third-party UI components. Create own UI components when necessary Drive the design and implementation of features, with minimal involvement or assistance from other developers (outside of domain knowledge). Be a technical expert in modern frameworks and technologies Perform periodic peer code reviews Review requirements and UX designs, plan implementation effort, and interact with QA Don’t break the build. Merge like a boss Adhere to LMI Employee Policy Manual Be a JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, and CSS ninja. Not only do you have experience with a variety of libraries/frameworks, but you should be able to reasonably explain how they work Be comfortable with ambiguity. A senior engineer needs to be able to take complex problems and distill them into a specific and actionable plan. Minimum 7 years working experience working in a Front-End web development role (JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML, CSS/LESS/SASS/) Degree (preferably Masters level) in Computer Science or Software/Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience. Experience with React, Webpack, MobX. Huge bonus points if you have past experience with OpenGL/WebGL, WebSockets, WebWorkers, parallel and multithreaded programming via WebWorkers, typed arrays Experience working with source control tools such as Git Experience with unit/integration testing. Ideal candidates would have experience working with web unit testing frameworks such as Jest, JsUnit, Karma, Jasmine Ability to work in an Agile development team and be accountable for your performance and documentation Superior English communication skills - both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1102:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID1103:
Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1104:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks for both browser and server development and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID1105:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1106:

ScrapedJobID1107:
Build cross-platform applications Develop and maintain product features and content Craft product plans through product analytics Develop both web and mobile web pages Implement responsive web applications Create Rich Internet Applications for both web and mobile pages Contribute design considerations for new products or architectural changes to existing products Maintain and upgrade existing systems Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve bugs Work with Project Managers and designers to effectively plan and manage development tasks and project milestones Work with other team members to investigate and resolve software defects Research new technology to provide product innovation and/or problem resolution Contribute to the ongoing development, documentation and maintenance of programming and systems integration standards Adhere to company technical standards and processes Contribute and create an environment that promotes innovation, knowledge sharing and cross training At least 1 year of professional experience in a software development environment Post-secondary education in computing science, computer engineering or an equivalent program Experience with CSS, HTML, JavaScript / JQuery Knowledge of web frameworks (example: AngularJS) and web components as well as integrating with REST APIs Understanding of web standards, responsive design, and cross-browser compatibility Active problem solver with a willingness to challenge the status quo and make recommendations for improvements Ability to work on multiple projects within strict deadlines Sound decision making and time management skills Strong communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and/or as a collaborative team member Thrives in a high-paced, constantly changing technical environment Bonus : Experience with ES2015, mobile design patterns and web optimization. Bonus : Experience with SQL and working database experience 
ScrapedJobID1108:
Develop and release Android and iOS apps. Ensure high quality, stable and well-performing code. Work closely with internal teams and external partners. Participate in code and design reviews. Experience with Kotlin and/or Java and Android development platforms (Android Studio) Experience with Swift and/or Objective-C and iOS development platforms (Xcode) Experience with JavaScript Experience with object-oriented software development, algorithms and/or data structures. Familiarity with web services, API development or database development. Creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code Experience working with REST APIs Experience with React Native is a plus Experience with AWS is a plus Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1109:
Develop features and improvements for various client websites using PHP. Add/update/remove content from existing websites through code or a CMS system Work closely with the VP Technology to create timelines for new projects Help to write clear documentation that is easily understood by everyone. Implement bug fixes Work with other team members to integrate components. Strong verbal and written communicator Strong focus on delivering high quality code Expert level knowledge of HTML5, HTML,PHP and CSS Intermediate SQL language skills Knowledge of common performance issues and tuning best practices Knowledge of MVC design patterns Strong Proficiency in JavaScript and JQuery Solid knowledge of version control software (Git) Experience with AWS, and NGINX a plus At least 2 years of PHP programming Experience Developing experience with the Laravel framework Experience translating business requirements into technical requirements. Proficiency in Wordpress, OpenCart, and Magento Understanding of auto-scaling and load balancing Experience creating custom components/modules/plug-ins to integrate with CMS-based websites Familiarity with Web infrastructure technologies like SSL, DNS Scripting knowledge with Shell, Bash, or Perl Competitive dental and health Benefits Free coffee and snacks to keep you coding all day Walk breaks to keep your body happy Positive work environment Develop skills that will enhance your career Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift PHP: 2 years (Required) Barrie, ON (Preferred) Driver's Licence (Required) English (Required) No Personal protective equipment provided or required Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
ScrapedJobID1110:
BRING YOUR PASSION: Craft code that meets our internal standards while advocating for and identifying improvements to those standards for style, maintainability, and industry best practices. BE PART OF THE SOLUTION: Bring leadership to the design, development and release of new features and improvements to Riva's web products while collaborating with other stakeholders, including product management, UX and backend developers, testers and executives. BUILD THE FUTURE: Excited by the opportunity to work on a platform and product with an established enterprise-grade customer base and existing code while looking to a future with a responsive composite web app, event and API-driven microservices in a cloud-first approach. DELIVER CUSTOMER DELIGHT: Consistently ship moderately sized features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other teams while ensuring that all features are coupled to our mature continuous integration and continuous delivery multi-staged on-premise and cloud environments. LEAD WITH INTEGRITY: Exert influence on the overall solution vision while responding to product objectives owned by your team, whether technical or feature focused on a long-term positive customer experience. IMPROVE DAILY: Elevate the team through your participation in our collaborative product development environment that can include design discussions, pair programming, code reviews, coaching and mentoring activities. HAVE FUN: Eager to share in and create a positive vibe during team activities like Sprint Planning, Sprint Demos, Solution Demos and Program Increment planning activities (part of our Scaled Agile Framework [SAFe] processes) – and don't forget the social hours, staff BBQ and pot-lucks (when allowed again). Post-secondary education in computer science, computer engineering or related work experience. At least six (6) years of applicable work experience. In-depth proficiency with cross-browser development using JavaScript web frameworks such as VueJS, AngularJS, ReactJS or NodeJS (preference for VueJS). A belief in agile processes with a desire to leverage continuous delivery patterns and technologies, such as continuous integration (TeamCity / Jenkins), continuous deployment (OctopusDeploy), continuous testing (TDD, NUnit, Selenium, Telerik TestStudio, Mocha / Chai / Jest), continuous monitoring (Newrelic, APM). Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems. Proficient in C#, TypeScript, and JavaScript. Organized, efficient, and committed to get the job done while managing multiple priorities within scheduled timelines. Able to communicate technical solutions and the rationale behind decisions so that a non-technical person can understand. Adaptable to new environments, changes in requirements and scope. Understand and able to use patterns and standards, such as OAuth 2.0, OpenID, JWT, Graph, OData, REST, SOAP, Web Sockets. Advanced troubleshooting skills (both server and client/browser), preferably with large multi-tier enterprise software products. Have proficiency with cross-browser/cross-platform issues, DOM and web standards. Solid understanding of OOD, OOP and design patterns. Willingness to learn new skills and a demonstrated continual effort to improve skills. Demonstrated ability to work closely with other parts of the organization, including customer-facing teams. Communicates fluently in written and spoken English. Experience with Cloud Solution Providers (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, or Heroku). Experience with React Native. ChartJS or D3.js / visualization using D3-like libraries. Proficiency in a Linux/Unix environment. Web server configuration and troubleshooting (IIS, Nginx, Apache). Contributes to, supports or uses open source projects - has an active GitHub account. Experience with PowerShell or other scripting languages. Experience with Office plugin development (Outlook COM add-in, OfficeJS API). Product company experience. Formal team lead experience. Total compensation package including;
RRSP matching.
Paid vacation starting with 3-weeks.
Paid wellness time allowing for flexible discretionary allocation for mental health, personal benefits, and personal time.
Volunteering to the charity of your choice, paid up to 24 hours per year.
An annual end-of-year bonus day off of your choice.
Extended health care benefits, dental and life insurance.
Access to third-party Employee Assistance Program. RRSP matching. Paid vacation starting with 3-weeks. Paid wellness time allowing for flexible discretionary allocation for mental health, personal benefits, and personal time. Volunteering to the charity of your choice, paid up to 24 hours per year. An annual end-of-year bonus day off of your choice. Extended health care benefits, dental and life insurance. Access to third-party Employee Assistance Program. Professional development and training allowance for career advancement. A great culture which fosters diversity, equity and inclusion. Work with fun, like-minded people. 
ScrapedJobID1111:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1112:
Business group: GWRT - Global Capital Markets Technology - we are part of the Global Equities technology team, whose responsible of designing, developing and maintain the in-house built Front Office Blotter for ETF and derivatives desks in global wholesale banking Project: Cerberus-K2 FastPath Interim Solutioning: real time position tracking tool for the front office desk Cerberus-K2 FastPath Interim Solutioning Works closely with end-users, Business Analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. Must take an interest in understanding the business functions of the end-users. Involved in the full systems life cycle and is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing and supporting application software that is delivered on time and within budget Contributes to the design of new applications and undertakes enhancements Largely working with creating net new code, the project works with decommissioning an aged application Will not be rewriting the old application but will be working with another team to define the back-end service that is being developed Makes recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code 40% front end, 60% back end 5+ years with Angular 2 or above (working in TypeScript) and Spring Boot is a must 5+ years: Java, Java Script, Type Script, and Shell Script is a must 5+ years experience using Maven and Git Foundational knowledge of SOLID principles Agile and Waterfall methodologies The candidate must also possess good analytical, problem solving and communication skills, and be able to interact efficiently with other team members and the user community The candidate should also be a quick learner, self motivated and results oriented, and able to work independently Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Knowledge in Kafka, Elasticsearch, Apache Beam, and/or Kubernetes is an asset Databases: MS-SQL, MongoDB (remove), and Oracle is an asset Additional CI/CD tools such as Bitbucket, Jenkins, Artifactory, and Docker is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1113:
Location: Sedley and Regina, SK (split time between locations) Shifts: Monday to Friday (Days) Job type: Full-time | Permanent Assist with existing websites on a day-to-day and operational basis Address company support requests in a timely and efficient manner Desktop Publishing (MS Office) and with some Graphic Designing Oversee Software Development, cPanel Management and Web Development (with WordPress/Joomla/Magento) Manage mobile app design testing implementation and upload to Apple iTunes Store and Google play store Assist with Computer Network Setup & Troubleshooting, and work with Linux Administration Help with basic computer hardware maintenance and cyber security support Complete any other support tasks, as assigned by the Management Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in a related discipline or equivalent education and experience Two (2) years of experience in a similar role Excellent time management skills, multitasking abilities and the ability to work independently Proficient with computer applications and software Must have strong communication skills - verbal, reading & written Valid Driver's License and Clean Drivers Abstract 
ScrapedJobID1114:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID1115:
Under the overall direction of the Manager, the contractor, working with the other project team members, shall assist the manager with the following tasks: Provide system life-cycle support for Air Navigation operational and non-operational systems Assists in requirements analysis and specification writing and management Assists in the analysis, development, and implementation of software solutions for new requirements and identified deficiencies Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design and develop and troubleshoot applications Assists in maintaining the software development environment Recommends practices for configuration, installation, optimization and use of productivity tools. Degree from a recognized university or community college with an acceptable specialization in computer, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science or information systems Experience developing applications in C/C++ (open to entry-level and all levels of experience) Experience using GitLab, TFS, Artifactory, Jenkins Experience in designing, developing customer-facing, front-end software through interaction with the customer Experience developing front-end technologies such as JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue.js an asset Experience using Maven, Conan, CMake an asset Experience with MFC, and/or Modern C++ an asset Experience using RTI DDS an asset Experience developing real-time applications an asset Knowledge of design patterns Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodologies Strong Critical Thinking Effective English language written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1116:
Working closely with engineering team, develop, maintain, and support company web applications Understanding application requirements and identifying key application features Collaborating with appropriate teams to set specifications for applications Design creative prototypes based on specifications Participate in regular team and project management meetings Keep up with the latest technologies and trends, with a goal to support continuous improvements Produce a high quality, low maintenance code that can be tested automatically and within deadlines Troubleshooting applications Write technical documentation on code you produce BA in Computer Science or Software Engineering preferred A minimum of 5 years of experience working as a Front-End developer Previous experience working in the oil & gas industry would be an asset Experience developing and using REST APIs Experience working on componentized and extensible web applications Experience with Angular, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Strong understanding of cookies, sessions, tokens, web sockets, and web components Experience working with javascript control libraries Experience working with Nx, NodeJs, and NPM Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose bugs using chrome developer tools Experience with ASP.NET Core and C# is preferable Willingness to take ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company successes Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills Ability to be a team player as well as work independently Experience working with distributed virtual teams Strong organizational, planning and time management skills Strong attention to detail Excellent written and oral communication skills Competitive base salary Fantastic benefits package Career development and training opportunities 100% remote opportunity 
ScrapedJobID1117:

ScrapedJobID1118:
full stack: 3 years (preferred) Java: 2 years (preferred) Angular: 2 years (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) DevOps: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1119:
Located in Burlington, ON Full-time, permanent role (Monday – Friday, with flex hours), Remote / Hybrid working is a possibility Salary between $85,000 - $110,000 commensurate with experience Full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack / React / Typescript Growth, leadership, and project management opportunities Take responsibility for technical architecture and implementation of a large-scale, web-based custom software solution Work with product/project managers to create technical implementation strategies for new feature development Mentor less-senior members of the team Maintain regular communication with internal and external project stakeholders A full-time, permanent position from Monday to Friday, 9:00am-5:00pm with flex hours to best suit your needs Hybrid/Remote working conditions Competitive salary Health benefits 3 weeks’ paid vacation to start Profit sharing potential 8+ years of experience working in software development Expert level knowledge in full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack Proficiency with front end web development technologies including React and Typescript Strong proficiency in design/development of relational databases and ORMs (e.g., Entity Framework or NHibernate) Post-secondary degree or diploma in computer science, software development or a related field, or equivalent work experience Excellent leadership and mentoring abilities. Strong English language oral and written communication skills Experience with OpenID Connect / OAuth / IdentityServer Experience working with agile processes or in a start-up environment/small organization is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1120:
Work alongside with the solution architects and lead developers to own the design of E2E application and integration with channel and product systems. Develop detailed technical design specification to guide the development team to follow the agreed design. Establish development standard and build common framework/re-usable building blocks to ensure the best development practice. Lead/co-lead the development of end-to-end application integration, leveraging the SmartCore digital platforms, APIs & building blocks. Contribute to the improvement of the APIs, digital platform and development framework. Develop presentable solution prototype on the cloud to demonstrate the conceptual solution design. Conduct solution/code review to ensure alignment with best development practice and provides feedback to more junior developers in constructive manner. Defines automated test/monitoring approach for the solution and owns the development of the test/monitoring automation. Ensure that the knowledge built from the implementation is properly transitioned into the support team for operational readiness. Own the integration of DPA solutions and delivery effort across different technology portfolio team. Becomes a primary point of contact for SmartCore development to the project’s/program’s team and the portfolio teams. Own/coordinate the investigation of production issues, during project warranty period, including root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Identify continuous improvements to the end-to-end solution, to improve high performance, reliability and availability. Devise and recommend approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or solutions to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Support the reporting and analysis of key delivery metrics to share transparency of progress across portfolio teams and actively manage dependencies. Provide active contributions to the technical discussions in the program-level Rapid Product Definition and product roadmap. Assess impact of design decisions to the SmartCore DPA solutions being developed (performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommend any required alternate/creative solutions for optimization. Interact with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assess the pros and cons of different solution option and recommend the best solution option for the use case. Identify opportunities to strengthen the technology capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building reusable assets, building communities of practice and networks across technology. Stay abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Provide active contribution to the development and the continuous improvement of processes across multiple process domains. Develop and continuously improve reusable delivery artifacts to take the best practices into the capability’s assets, which can be applied across different projects. Bachelor degree or Master degree in computer science, engineering, information systems, or mathematics. 5+ years of combined experience in designing and developing APIs/integration in node.JS, Java or Python. Experience in building front-end with Angular/React will be considered as an asset. Experience in designing and developing one or more enterprise application integration solution, including APIs/microservices, single-page application and service orchestration. Demonstrate advanced knowledge of data model design in relational data model and no SQL, with at least 3 years of experience in designing and developing databases. Experience in designing end-to-end application and integration for reliable and scalable performance. Experience in designing and developing API/microservices/orchestration, leveraging AWS serverless architecture (AWS Lambda, Step Function, SNS, SQS, etc.) is considered a strong asset. This can be substituted with experience in designing and developing integration components on other public could providers (Azure/GCP). Experience working in leading system integrators and/or the technology development of the financial services institutions. Demonstrate understanding of business processes and business requirements as well as the architecture design and development best practices. Roll-up the sleeves and be comfortable to go outside of the comfort zone to deliver. Strong communication skill. Able to present and communicate ideas effectively to business and technology stakeholders from different organization levels. Embraces changes/disruptions in digital ecosystem, and eager to learn new technologies. 
ScrapedJobID1121:
Build solutions to real-time software challenges, leveraging web technologies. This includes both modern PWAs and legacy applications. Lead a team of passionate software developers to achieve an optimal balance between Product (roadmap), Support (maintenance), and Project (revenue-driven) work. Own the technical plan for our current and future Web products. This includes architecture, maintaining a technical roadmap for all Web products, and leveraging web frameworks (front-end and back-end). Provide team leadership and motivation. This includes ensuring work assignments are challenging and setting stretch goals for each individual team member so they can grow professionally. Be the process and tool champion for the team. We are looking for someone who can facilitate healthy collaboration, knowledge sharing, and promote efficient use of tools. Complete code reviews and perform technical coaching to enhance learning within the team. Facilitate troubleshooting and be accountable to fix high priority customer issues. We are looking for someone who can solve problems together with our customers and Web teams. Lead the planning for the Web development teams including estimation and scheduling. Other duties as required Degree in Electrical Engineering, Power Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline. 5+ years’ experience in Software Development. 3+ years’ experience as a Team Lead and/or Senior Architect Experienced with building scalable and modern progressive web applications Demonstrated success with working directly with customers to build intuitive workflows and lead our web development team in creating valuable workflows and valuable web products Experienced with many different SD life cycles including Scrum/Kanban/Waterfall Must have hands-on experience building modern PWAs and traditional web applications (ASP.NET). Demonstrated experience and success with introducing test frameworks and test automation for web applications Excellent communication skills with the ability to translate technical concepts into understandable requirements Experienced with mentoring, leading, and motivate a team of developers Strong collaborative skills to work with internal teams and external clients 
ScrapedJobID1122:
The Senior Systems Analyst (.NET Developer) will be responsible for managing and supporting the company’s enterprise software applications This includes technical configuration, development and user support The objective of this role is to ensure our enterprise applications support all business capabilities and requirements needed by the organization, and to ensure the information is accurate, complete, available and secure The core application this role support is for a Registry Platform The registry program can work with businesses that produce emissions and provide a platform for these businesses to report their emissions, buy credits, pay fines, provide solutions to address emission levels The initial focus will be placed on supporting the application, to better learn it, and then provide a mix of support and development Development is done using Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools (OutSystems is the preferred technology) This position will allow developers to gain additional Systems Analyst skills, taking requirements, working with business and technology stakeholders, while still developing their hands on development skills 5+ Years Full Stack .Net Development Experience with front end technologies for Responsive User Interface using HTML 5, .Net, CSS 3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node JS, AJAX, JSON and XML with strict W3C standards Experience with backend data storage technologies such MS SQL Server, MySQL, and other database technologies Strong communication skills, can work well with clients and take requirements to enhance complex applications Ability to priorizie work, and manage a mixture of production support and development activities Rapid Application Development (RAD) tools- OutSystems is the preferred technology Exposure to both Waterfall and Agile. 75% of development is done Agile Fundamental understanding of Cybersecurity and Data Privacy QA testing skills appreciated 
ScrapedJobID1123:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1124:
proficient experience working with Visual Studio.NET (C#, VB.NET) with approx 5 years + Strong front end skills working with Javascript, JQuery, Bootstra, HTML, CSS Senior level experience with SQL API MVC Object Oriented Programming PCSoft: WinDev, WebDev as an asset 
ScrapedJobID1125:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field A minimum of 3 years of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) experience Knowledge of the microservice concepts and ability to define the architecture for a microservice with minimal guidance to Ability to identify caching opportunities and implement them with guidance Familiar with various database systems and able to write complex queries independently Knowledge of cloud concepts and ability to follow instructions to use them with minimal guidance Knowledge of container concepts and ability to follow instructions to use them with minimal guidance Proficiency in Git Strong English written and verbal communication skills, French an asset TypeScript / NodeJS DocumentDB / MongoDB React AWS Lambda GitHub / Jenkins Milestone: The team is working to modernize our catalog services to store, 
ScrapedJobID1126:
Join an established company with a startup vibe and the ability to work remotely! Receive a highly competitive salary of $85k-$130k along with a host of benefits! Enjoy a flexible environment with a supportive team culture! Developing, maintaining, and integrating coding for various client software systems and applications Delivering strong technical design and programming skills throughout the full Java stack Communicating technical problems to peers, architects and project managers while recommending creative solutions Contributing to a migration project moving an application from Oracle to SQL server Being a member of small, collaborative groups, with the opportunity to own your contributions as well as support your team Client-server architecture and Object-Oriented Programming concepts and design patterns Designing and implementing multi-threaded and multi-process large scale systems All tiers used in modern architecture (front-end, mid-tier, RESTful web services, messaging, data tier) J2EE technologies: Spring MVC, Spring Boot, React, Angular 2, Java, JPA, Hibernate, JSP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS MS SQL Modern front-end framework, such as Angular (1.x to 8), ReactJS Working with Oracle in a migration project Experience with databases and implementing scripts and stored procedures - Oracle, MySQL Medical and dental benefits RRSP matching Paid vacation time Annual training budget and professional development Profit sharing The flexibility of a software consulting environment Work/life balance and the ability to work remotely Growth opportunities in a company with a high retention rate Project variety and the ability to flex your creativity muscle The opportunity to join a supportive work culture where your opinions are valued A fun office environment with a startup vibe, including a fully stocked beer fridge, D&D and movies Summer BBQs, annual Christmas parties, team dinners and other social events 
ScrapedJobID1127:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1128:

ScrapedJobID1129:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1130:
Participating in the design and creation of scalable software Participating in an agile methodology with an agile team Writing clean, functional code on the front- and back-end testing and fixing bugs or other coding issues Ideate, define and describe automation capabilities of the applications and systems we are building. Design and automate mundane and manual steps and iterate in small increments through automated testing and continuous integration. Define a release management process, automate applications deployment as well as processes to make delivery more scalable, repeatable and controllable. Identify issues before they affect the customer experience and mitigate issues quickly when they do occur. Design and build alerting and notification framework to have a full visibility into applications and the underlying systems. Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications Write effective APIs Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Create security and data protection settings Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design The ideal candidate would master the following technologies: Arm Template Pipeline Azure Function Logic App Azure Devops 
ScrapedJobID1131:

ScrapedJobID1132:
proficient experience working with Visual Studio.NET (C#, VB.NET) with approx 5 years + Strong front end skills working with Javascript, JQuery, Bootstra, HTML, CSS Senior level experience with SQL API MVC Object Oriented Programming PCSoft: WinDev, WebDev as an asset 
ScrapedJobID1133:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1134:
Build, validate and maintain web pages, templates and emails from created or supplied PSD or wireframe layouts using clean, lightweight, semantic code that adheres to current Web Standards; Collaborate with design team on UX and UI Implement web design mockups accurately into HTML, CSS & Javascript using frameworks such as Bootstrap. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes via the companies marketing resource management tool DaVinci Workgroups. Assist in the conception, automation, development, and management of various digital channels, new media projects, and new website development as well as emerging technologies. Ensuring SEO best practices are adhered to when assessing content and content strategies Monitoring and analyzing web and social media channels. Documenting functional and design requirements, as appropriate. Documenting process and standards Provide general support related to digital marketing operations Through metrics and reporting ensuring that iA Wealth's online channels are as efficient and effective as possible. Staying abreast of industry standards for email, web and mobile sites, including emerging technologies, design techniques, accessibility and usability. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes. Designing digital content for use on internal channels including knowledge bases, extranets and other communications assets (as required) in collaboration with stakeholders and vendors. Sourcing stock video and imagery. Maintaining digital assets and monitoring content schedules for internal channels. Working with the team and external knowledge experts to develop and maintain a marketing digital and social strategy across multiple audiences and platforms. Research and recommend new media and trends as part of an overall strategy. To succeed in this role, the individual collaborates with others and is a self-starter with ability to work under tight deadlines and with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment. University/College Degree or Professional Certificate in Digital Media, Graphic Design, Marketing or Communications. Minimum 3 years of experience in Web Design/Front-end Development and current web technologies. Strong interest and hands on experience in the following capacities: Content Management Tools/Systems Front-end development Responsive Design General understanding of best practices in usability and accessibility (WCAG/AODA) General understanding of website metrics SEO/SEM (Search Engine Optimization/Search Engine Marketing) Social Media applications/Platforms and best practices Mobile Website Email design and email marketing best practices Proficient in the technology tools used for the corporate web properties: Sitefinity, Sitecore, Adobe Creative Suite, JavaScript/Jquery, JSON, PHP, XML, HTML/HTML5, CSS, SQL, Axure, Figma and MS Office. Working knowledge of the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, Search Engine Optimization, Taxonomy, Microsoft Sharepoint, Vimeo Video Platform and SproutSocial. Email Platforms (e.g. Act-On, Campaign Monitor, Hubspot) Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) an asset. Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to deliver a project from concept to completion. Good verbal and written communications skills. Experience in financial services industry an asset. Knowledge of French an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1135:
Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code and working toward the next generation of the ApprenticeSearch.com project Design and implementation of key functionality and features supporting the ApprenticeSearch.com mandate Integration of user-facing elements with server side logic to best support skilled trades connectivity Implementation of security and data protection Expert in Ruby on Rails, with knowledge of the Django web framework Familiarity with some ORM libraries Able to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system Understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Understanding of accessibility and security compliance Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Understanding of back-end technologies, such as MVC architecture, SQL, and Ruby Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes Strong unit test and debugging skills Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git and Bitbucket Energetic and creative thinker with strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and in a team environment Ability to work effectively under pressure and meet deadlines A Criminal Records Check is required Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1136:
Work alongside with the solution architects and lead developers to own the design of E2E application and integration with channel and product systems. Develop detailed technical design specification to guide the development team to follow the agreed design. Establish development standard and build common framework/re-usable building blocks to ensure the best development practice. Lead/co-lead the development of end-to-end application integration, leveraging the SmartCore digital platforms, APIs & building blocks. Contribute to the improvement of the APIs, digital platform and development framework. Develop presentable solution prototype on the cloud to demonstrate the conceptual solution design. Conduct solution/code review to ensure alignment with best development practice and provides feedback to more junior developers in constructive manner. Defines automated test/monitoring approach for the solution and owns the development of the test/monitoring automation. Ensure that the knowledge built from the implementation is properly transitioned into the support team for operational readiness. Own the integration of DPA solutions and delivery effort across different technology portfolio team. Becomes a primary point of contact for SmartCore development to the project’s/program’s team and the portfolio teams. Own/coordinate the investigation of production issues, during project warranty period, including root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Identify continuous improvements to the end-to-end solution, to improve high performance, reliability and availability. Devise and recommend approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or solutions to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Support the reporting and analysis of key delivery metrics to share transparency of progress across portfolio teams and actively manage dependencies. Provide active contributions to the technical discussions in the program-level Rapid Product Definition and product roadmap. Assess impact of design decisions to the SmartCore DPA solutions being developed (performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommend any required alternate/creative solutions for optimization. Interact with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assess the pros and cons of different solution option and recommend the best solution option for the use case. Identify opportunities to strengthen the technology capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building reusable assets, building communities of practice and networks across technology. Stay abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Provide active contribution to the development and the continuous improvement of processes across multiple process domains. Develop and continuously improve reusable delivery artifacts to take the best practices into the capability’s assets, which can be applied across different projects. Bachelor degree or Master degree in computer science, engineering, information systems, or mathematics. 5+ years of combined experience in designing and developing APIs/integration in node.JS, Java or Python. Experience in building front-end with Angular/React will be considered as an asset. Experience in designing and developing one or more enterprise application integration solution, including APIs/microservices, single-page application and service orchestration. Demonstrate advanced knowledge of data model design in relational data model and no SQL, with at least 3 years of experience in designing and developing databases. Experience in designing end-to-end application and integration for reliable and scalable performance. Experience in designing and developing API/microservices/orchestration, leveraging AWS serverless architecture (AWS Lambda, Step Function, SNS, SQS, etc.) is considered a strong asset. This can be substituted with experience in designing and developing integration components on other public could providers (Azure/GCP). Experience working in leading system integrators and/or the technology development of the financial services institutions. Demonstrate understanding of business processes and business requirements as well as the architecture design and development best practices. Roll-up the sleeves and be comfortable to go outside of the comfort zone to deliver. Strong communication skill. Able to present and communicate ideas effectively to business and technology stakeholders from different organization levels. Embraces changes/disruptions in digital ecosystem, and eager to learn new technologies. 
ScrapedJobID1137:

ScrapedJobID1138:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1139:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Calgary Office Term (start and end date): December 6, 2021 until December 2, 2022 Schedule: Standard 5x2, 40 hour work week Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Assist in setting data visualization goals and deliverables based on the established success criteria and metrics as defined for the solution Educate clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability Develop User Interface (UI) to receive information input from business users into a relational database and non-relational management systems Apply information architecture, interactive visual design, quantitative analysis and qualitative user research to create UI for an informed User Experience (UX) Design and execute performance tests of front-end applications in a big data context Monitor, develop and operate (DevOps) the visualization(s) for existing analytic products Collaborate with ecosystem partners to provide the best fit technologies while expanding knowledge of current data analytics and visualization trends Research, establish guidance, and maintain documentation on data visualization tools and best practices to ensure design consistency for the best UX across the enterprise Mentor and coach less-experienced team members and clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability. Manage a database/library of visuals and designs library built across analytical products Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using multiple technologies Five years of progressive experience in a data visualization/development role A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Mathematics, Information Management or a related technical discipline and equivalent work experience Experience and exposure to business data analysis for various domains, including the ability to rapid prototype visualizations and communicate them to the client Strong experience in Data Modeling, ELT/ETL Development, and Data Warehousing The ability to establish and apply data visualization best practices and graphical design principles Experience in UI/UX design and development Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple stakeholders and track execution of all details of a program Exposure to Full stack (front-end user interface and application back-end) development experience Experience with one or more data visualization libraries, frameworks and tools Experience with one or more programming/web development language Experience with dashboard/reporting tools Experience in relational databases and writing SQL code No 
ScrapedJobID1140:
Bring cool features to production Drive discovery of new capabilities and technologies Create exciting new financial applications Build high quality features for Native Android applications Support testing engineers from inception to production Identify gaps and solve problems to completion Provide cross-team leadership and coordination 6 years of experience in Native Android development using Java and/or Kotlin with conducting Acceptance Tests using Espresso and/or Unit testing with Robolectric leading and/or mentoring other developers or teams understanding of architecture principles; MVVM, MVP, MVC, etc. RXAndroid, Retrofit, Dagger 2, Android Components, Coroutines, Jetpack iOS development REST APIs Familiarity with front-end technology and frameworks such as React or Angular CI/CD pipeline development via Jenkins, Fastlane, Groovy 
ScrapedJobID1141:
Help architect and design the next stage of the organizations digital systems and set organizational standards on patterns and library usage Lead digital delivery and engineers from best practice standpoint for scalable & accessible web applications and APIs with an emphasis on quality and automation Drive delivery of high quality products and features by working with cross-functional leads (product, design, marketing) to define, scope and prioritize upcoming projects Provide technical oversight to the breadth of engineering work on the team, participating directly in implementation as required. Implement a culture of continuous iteration and learning both on the product and team processes. Encourage and exemplify exceptional communication and collaboration on the team. Leverage these practices to help the team resolve ambiguity and make effective decisions. Mentor and help shape the technical culture across the organizations digital team and build technical bench strength Support & share best practices with teams and internal developer community as well as collaboration and stakeholder management with the broader team Effectively scale yourself by defining and delegating projects where appropriate, while continuing to Work in Agile team (Scrum, Kanban) – a passion for Agile methodology but the flexibility to think outside the scrum Enjoy and never hesitate to find opportunities to learn constantly and inspire those around you Proven ability to influence technology strategy and best practices across peer and leadership groups that support an agile\rapid development culture Outstanding communication skills (verbal and written) and ability to communicate with internal and external customers and all levels of management, including communicating technical information to nontechnical audiences Deep technical curiosity to learn and fill gaps in knowledge about systems you are responsible for. Able to learn and provide effective feedback to peers working on a wide breadth of technologies. Experience with engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, or application security Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, reliable and secure code using TDD principles as well as automated test cases Help analyze business requirements and suggest potential alternatives to their business partners as required keeping in mind simplicity in design of solutions Demonstrated track record of successfully understanding the business requirements and designing realistic and effective solutions Assist team with removing technical obstacles, barriers or limitations by provide options and solutions Participate in all scrum meetings demos/showcases with a strong voice at the table, keeping customer advocacy at the heart of all discussions Results orientated, strong collaboration and partnership with all teams and roles, and high ownership for your own and the teams work with emphasis on quality Have a passion for transforming, maturing and solving problems across all areas of the business Negotiating, influencing, effectively challenging and gaining commitment (impact and influence) Excellent knowledge of industry direction and trends within Web and Mobile application development University Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience demonstrating a proven track record Minimum 5-8 years of experience in building modern scalable web and mobile applications Minimum 3 years as senior technical team member or technical lead with proven track records of mentoring or guiding team members in technical aspects for on-time delivery with quality Experience with Springboot or any other Java frameworks NodeJS architecture and experience with architecting and developing NodeJS/Express based applications in a micro services environment Experience with Angular or similar front end javascript frameworks (React, Vue, etc.) Experience with Javascript based unit testing and e2e frameworks and code coverage. Javascript Scaffolding/Build tools (Angular-cli, Webpack, Eslint) Good understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Strong fundamentals in responsive design, CSS design and architecture. Experience with Bootstrap and Scss Good understanding of Relational (SQL) and NoSql databases (MongoDB). Strong understanding of best practices in performance tuning (Load time) and experience with using Chrome Dev Tools Experience with developing and designing backend services (Rest, Soap, etc.) Knowledge of modern software engineering practices like Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Continuous integration (Jenkins). Exposure to Git (Source Code Management) Bonus with experience on web accessibility standards and implementations Bonus with experience or strong knowledge on container technologies and best practices 
ScrapedJobID1142:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of software development experience using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Asset: exposure with front-end development using JavaScript frameworks such as Angular, Vue, React, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1143:
Working with the development team to define/Implement tools and processes to standardize and automate the way projects are built, developed, and deployed. Ensure an industrial way of implementing continuous delivery on projects. Working with IT/TL, client operations, ITOps on design, monitoring, troubleshooting and managing environments on projects you're working on Participate with development team on various activities related to infrastructure, perform Security, and penetration test Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to client meetings and discussions. Bachelor’s degree in IT or related field 3-5 years of experience in software development, or software deployment Practical experience with automation of system provisioning and deployment Practical experience in monitoring systems (log management, network security monitoring, Health, alerting) Deep hands on experience with complex DevOps pipeline including different tech stacks like Java, DotNet, Node, SErverless, front-end Angular, React) Expert level scripting skills (Linux shell scripting, powershell, Python, Perl) for automation Expert level with configuration management automation tools: Puppet, Rundeck, CheckMK, Ansible Hands on experience with system operation and DevOps on AWS, Azure, GCP, AliCloud Hands on experience with CI/CS as a service like CircleCI, Travis CI Hands on experience with CI/CD managing Kubernetes, clusters Solid understanding of Linux, Windows OS. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. Good technical documentation diagramming skills Ability to work independently and within a team environment Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1144:
Develop customer solutions through collaboration with our product, data science, and customer experience experts. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure code for APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, partner integration. Solve problems and integrate with partner development teams. Deliver using agile, test-driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience with event-based systems (e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc.) Experience building cutting edge customer products Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line Love to own problems and drive solutions Leading or mentoring development team members Integrating 3rd party systems/services Git or other version control systems Python Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Building payment, billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health - comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future - Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development - subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID1145:
TypeScript / JavaScript React Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress Significant full-stack and/or front-end experience designing, building, and maintaining enterprise web applications and/or APIs. Understanding of responsive web apps and developing applications for multiple resolutions and devices. Familiarity with modern best practices for usability, accessibility, and UX design. Enjoy collaborating with designers to create pleasant, understandable, and efficient user interface flows and patterns. Experience working closely with product and account support personnel to help prioritize the best solutions to the largest problems. Attention to detail in work and ability to identify ambiguities in specifications. Experience designing and architecting systems to meet high standards of reliability. Able to effectively communicate ideas and concepts within your team, across teams, and throughout the organization, even with non-technical audiences, in both written and verbal forms. Eagerness to work in a cross functional team to help build end-to-end features. Experience with progressive web apps that continue to work while offline. Experience leveraging best practices for client data management (using RESTful and/or GraphQL APIs) to ensure resilient, performant user experiences. Familiarity with modern DevSecOps techniques: CI/CD, TDD, Infrastructure as code (IaC), etc. Mission Driven - Some companies use AI to serve better digital ads and trade stocks, we seek to make our communities safer and more resilient Top Compensation - Competitive compensation package We are 100% Distributed - work from anywhere Your health matters to us, so we offer 100% employer-paid premium option Distributed work monthly stipend Office Space Stipend for co-working space expenses Wellness reimbursement Educational Allowance Weekly lunch stipend 
ScrapedJobID1146:
Experience in managing remote development team 5+ years of professional hands-on React/React Native Development experience CI/CD setup for front-end development Experience with Agile methodology, specifically SCRUM Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Experience with native development (Android or iOS) 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1147:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID1148:
Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1149:
5 year web development experience with PHP, mySQL, HTML5, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap Experience developing custom responsive WordPress themes Experience creating mobile-responsive websites Strong front-end web development experience Graphic design and video-editing experience Must have strong website coding skills Possess strong analytical skills Ability to work in a team and independent environment 
ScrapedJobID1150:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1151:
Implement UI web applications via hands on ReactJS coding, and coding of automated unit and integration tests of components Understand the user stories assigned to your team, help manage and resolve or escalate issues faced by your team, and understand the progress of your team so you can represent them in higher-level status updates and discussions (e.g. Biweekly Program Reviews and Weekly Scrum of Scrums) Provide oversight, coaching and guidance to other Software Developers on designing and building ReactJS components and UI applications Perform code reviews for the code written by your team, promoting UI best practices and coding standards for the implementation of clean JavaScript/ES6 code and ReactJS components Collaborate with UI Architect to follow best practices for project’s code organization and data architecture, and the design of clean, reusable components Leverage components and applications applying UI design patterns, clean interface principles, and compliance standards Work closely with the Product Owner, Product Manager, UI Architect and UI/UX Designers to develop screens and screen flows that meet their requirements Occasionally design and develop RESTful APIs to help implement or improve UI features as necessary Provide performance testing inputs, improvement analysis and suggestions Help to implement POC systems/demoes as required for products Analyze the wider implication of changes and enhancements Work closely with the Sales team to assist with presentations, demos, etc. Help troubleshoot development and production problems as needed Actively participate in Agile scrum and SAFe ceremonies 
ScrapedJobID1152:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1153:
Remote Position Full-time permanent position Monday – Friday, must be able to work Eastern Standard Hours (EST) Work with a high performing agile project team Develop (in collaboration with other team members) creative, functional, and maintainable and performance driven web applications, websites and components Write high-quality, reusable code following industry best practices and can teach others to follow your lead Project based work, as well as contributing to our internal library of reusable components Develop (in collaboration with other team members) best practices and standards for application development, and development operations within the studio Manage development teams on your projects (task assignment, code review) Manage all operational aspects of your projects - including the development pipeline, source control, branching & merging, continuous integration and deployment Write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced solutions according to established standards Provide estimates on work efforts Provide senior level support to developers on your team through mentoring and helping them debug issues Ensure strong team collaboration. Lead by example. Understand how the team prefers to communicate Minimum of 4 years of professional experience working as a senior technical architect/project lead. "Full stack" experience preferred Experience in .NET 4.x and web application development (C#), ASP.Net Web Forms, ASP.Net, MVC, ASP.Net Web API - minimum of 5 years of professional experience in .NET development High proficiency with Windows Server (IIS) and experience with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Rackspace Cloud Relational database design and programming expertise (MS SQL Server), knowledge of and/or experience with NoSQL technologies such as RavenDB, MongoDB, DocumentDB Proven experience with DevOps, continuous integration and deployment using tools such as Azure DevOps, TeamCity, Jenkins, Travis CI, Web Deploy, Octopus Deploy, Fake, Cake and Gulp Advanced source code management skills with Git using branching strategies such as Git Flow, and managing code reviews with pull requests Strong debugging skills combined with experience using performance and load testing tools Fluent in HTML5/CSS3 Strong JavaScript skills with experience implementing interactive user interfaces with both modern libraries (React, Angular.js, VueJs) and the classics (knockout.js, jQuery, underscore.js,require.js) A minimum of one year of experience working with Kentico CMS, or at least two years of professional experience working with another .NET-based CMS (e.g., EpiServer, SiteCore, Sitefinity, DotNetNuke, Ektron) Proven experience in a technical leadership role with strong leadership, organizational, communication and negotiation skills Professional experience working in Scrum and/or Kanban with Agile teams Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain the technical aspects of a project to non-technical people 
ScrapedJobID1154:
building applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing defining the architecture for new developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: building applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing defining the architecture for new developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: 
ScrapedJobID1155:

ScrapedJobID1156:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1157:
Write, debug, deploy, and document code for client-facing products components in a clean, well-structured, easily maintainable format. Write technically challenging code that interfaces with internal and external systems. Program large-scale, high-volume websites in a load-balanced or web farm/cloud environment Program multilingual websites, including using techniques to Search Engine Optimize (SEO) Maintain and support multiple projects and deadlines Be responsible for the reliability and maintenance of customer-facing web applications, including at times after-hours support Propose solutions to problems and consider timeliness, effectiveness, and practicality in addressing client needs. Conduct ongoing enhancements and defect resolution to existing applications Ensure cross-browser compatibility and web standards on all solutions Meet project expectations and produce high-quality deliverables on time and within budget Self-starter or takes initiative Any other duties as requested by the Director, Dev Studio Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Software Engineering or an equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum 3-5 years software development experience, Ability to work on multiple projects with multiple deadlines Excellent organizational skills with a high degree of attention to detail Ability to work effectively within a team environment and accept direction Clearly articulate ideas and thoughts verbally Familiarity with unit testing principles and unit testing tools Excellent written and oral communication skills 2+ years building ASP.NET MVC web applications using C# in Visual Studio 2 years experience building standards-compliant (W3C WCAG 2.0) web user interface with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and bootstrap. Experience building and consuming RESTful APIs or web services Experience working with source control e.g. Git Experience working with WordPress Experience in Umbraco, Kentico, and AEM CMS platforms preferred. Experience creating websites that adhere to WCAG 2.0 Level AA guidelines preferred. Knowledge of database design in SQL Server, SQL/T-SQL, database indexing, views, and stored procedures a plus Experience developing on the Shopify eCommerce platform a plus Experience developing and deploying cloud solutions on Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, or Google Cloud Familiarity with project management and bug-tracking software such as VSO, JIRA, Bugzilla, etc. Knowledge of Angular and React frameworks would be an asset Some ability in Photoshop/GIMP is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1158:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1159:
You're visually oriented and have a keen eye for detail - it's a thing of beauty to watch you work. You have a rock-solid reputation as a creative problem solver - nothing slows you down for long. You manage your time as expertly as you manage your projects. Prioritizing, planning and organizing are part of your DNA, and you handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and clear vision. You're 'web-savvy' and up to date with designing mobile trends, tools and methods. You're a natural at coming up with simple solutions to complicated web developing ideas and concepts and explaining them to others. You tackle every project with anticipation and excitement - no matter how big or how small. You ?get' what it means to be part of the team and enjoy working in a collaborative, open-office environment. The words ?that will do? aren't in your vocabulary. You always strive to find the best, most innovative solution. You don't sit around waiting to be told what to do. You know what needs to be done and you do it. You love rolling up your sleeves and digging into the details. You handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and a clear vision. Reporting to the Agile Team Lead, Development. Develop enterprise web applications to add value to the business, ensuring that applications are on the right platform. Support and enhance the external-facing AMA websites and all other internal applications. Collaborate and develop strong working relationships with key cross functional partners in support of the Project Execution Methodology. Ensure integrity and optimal performance of applications and databases. Provide analysis and recommended solution for data problems. Identify key areas throughout our website that can be modified, enhanced and beautified. Look for opportunities and make recommendations for improvements to our website and marketing materials - after all, it's all about the customer experience! Seeking to build in security during the development stages of software systems. Work with solutions architect, team leads, QA analyst and other developers and business users through the project life cycle to gather and understand requirements, determine best solutions, test solutions and demonstrate functionality to end users. Ensure all application changes are developed, tested, and implemented in a well-controlled environment. Follow modern application architecture guidelines and design principles such as separation of concerns, single responsibility, and least knowledge. Deploy code through an established automated deployment framework. Create user-centric applications by considering customer feedback, technical constraints, opportunities and usability findings. Enforce test-driven development (TDD) and continuous integration. You have a university degree or technical school diploma in a related technical field such as Information Technology or Computer Science. Have a degree in something else? Tell us about it and how you can use it in this role. You have at least 1 year of web development experience. You're comfortable working with data security at rest and transit. You're also at ease with Application Programming Interface (API) management and design. You have experience with the following languages, on this we must insist: ASP.NET MVC C# SQL (queries, views, stored procedures) Angular 2+ TypeScript Javascript CSS Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub) You'll get bonus points if you have: .NET Core Azure experience with App Services, SQL Server, Function and Logic Apps You have a deep knowledge of the full web stack (HTTP, cookies, caching, browser rendering) MCSD certification You have knowledge of Digital Marketing, and if you don't, an interest to learn would be great too! Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Defined Pension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. Work-from home options available. 
ScrapedJobID1160:
TypeScript / JavaScript React Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress Significant full-stack and/or front-end experience designing, building, and maintaining enterprise web applications and/or APIs. Understanding of responsive web apps and developing applications for multiple resolutions and devices. Familiarity with modern best practices for usability, accessibility, and UX design. Enjoy collaborating with designers to create pleasant, understandable, and efficient user interface flows and patterns. Experience working closely with product and account support personnel to help prioritize the best solutions to the largest problems. Attention to detail in work and ability to identify ambiguities in specifications. Experience designing and architecting systems to meet high standards of reliability. Able to effectively communicate ideas and concepts within your team, across teams, and throughout the organization, even with non-technical audiences, in both written and verbal forms. Eagerness to work in a cross functional team to help build end-to-end features. Experience with progressive web apps that continue to work while offline. Experience leveraging best practices for client data management (using RESTful and/or GraphQL APIs) to ensure resilient, performant user experiences. Familiarity with modern DevSecOps techniques: CI/CD, TDD, Infrastructure as code (IaC), etc. Mission Driven - Some companies use AI to serve better digital ads and trade stocks, we seek to make our communities safer and more resilient Top Compensation - Competitive compensation package We are 100% Distributed - work from anywhere Your health matters to us, so we offer 100% employer-paid premium option Distributed work monthly stipend Office Space Stipend for co-working space expenses Wellness reimbursement Educational Allowance Weekly lunch stipend 
ScrapedJobID1161:
Make meaningful contributions to the design and road map of our products Build buttery smooth UIs across both mobile platforms. Leverage native APIs for deep integrations with both platforms. Diagnose and fix bugs and performance bottlenecks for performance that feels native. Maintain code and write automated tests to ensure the product is of the highest quality. Transition existing Android application to React Native. 2+ years of professional experience working as a Software Developer Ideally 1 year of professional software development experience with React Native Firm grasp of the JavaScript and TypeScript language and its nuances, including ES6+ syntax Knowledge of functional programming Ability to write well-documented, clean Javascript code Rock solid at working with third-party dependencies and debugging dependency conflicts Experience with Google APIs like Places, Maps and Firebase an asset Familiarity with native build tools, like Gradle, Node.js or Android Studio Understanding of APIs, the document request model, and offline storage Experience with automated testing suites, like Sentry or similar Meaningful experience working on complex systems. English skills (ability to effectively communicate via written and spoken english). A passion for software development. It’s not just your career, it’s also your hobby. You’re constantly striving to learn new things and improve. You follow industry news, regularly tinker with new technologies, and read books and blogs to keep your skills current. You work well within a team environment and enjoy working in the office with your colleagues. 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1162:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID1163:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1164:
BRING YOUR PASSION: Craft code that meets our internal standards while advocating for and identifying improvements to those standards for style, maintainability, and industry best practices. BE PART OF THE SOLUTION: Bring leadership to the design, development and release of new features and improvements to Riva's web products while collaborating with other stakeholders, including product management, UX and backend developers, testers and executives. BUILD THE FUTURE: Excited by the opportunity to work on a platform and product with an established enterprise-grade customer base and existing code while looking to a future with a responsive composite web app, event and API-driven microservices in a cloud-first approach. DELIVER CUSTOMER DELIGHT: Consistently ship moderately sized features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other teams while ensuring that all features are coupled to our mature continuous integration and continuous delivery multi-staged on-premise and cloud environments. LEAD WITH INTEGRITY: Exert influence on the overall solution vision while responding to product objectives owned by your team, whether technical or feature focused on a long-term positive customer experience. IMPROVE DAILY: Elevate the team through your participation in our collaborative product development environment that can include design discussions, pair programming, code reviews, coaching and mentoring activities. HAVE FUN: Eager to share in and create a positive vibe during team activities like Sprint Planning, Sprint Demos, Solution Demos and Program Increment planning activities (part of our Scaled Agile Framework [SAFe] processes) – and don't forget the social hours, staff BBQ and pot-lucks (when allowed again). Post-secondary education in computer science, computer engineering or related work experience. At least six (6) years of applicable work experience. In-depth proficiency with cross-browser development using JavaScript web frameworks such as VueJS, AngularJS, ReactJS or NodeJS (preference for VueJS). A belief in agile processes with a desire to leverage continuous delivery patterns and technologies, such as continuous integration (TeamCity / Jenkins), continuous deployment (OctopusDeploy), continuous testing (TDD, NUnit, Selenium, Telerik TestStudio, Mocha / Chai / Jest), continuous monitoring (Newrelic, APM). Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems. Proficient in C#, TypeScript, and JavaScript. Organized, efficient, and committed to get the job done while managing multiple priorities within scheduled timelines. Able to communicate technical solutions and the rationale behind decisions so that a non-technical person can understand. Adaptable to new environments, changes in requirements and scope. Understand and able to use patterns and standards, such as OAuth 2.0, OpenID, JWT, Graph, OData, REST, SOAP, Web Sockets. Advanced troubleshooting skills (both server and client/browser), preferably with large multi-tier enterprise software products. Have proficiency with cross-browser/cross-platform issues, DOM and web standards. Solid understanding of OOD, OOP and design patterns. Willingness to learn new skills and a demonstrated continual effort to improve skills. Demonstrated ability to work closely with other parts of the organization, including customer-facing teams. Communicates fluently in written and spoken English. Experience with Cloud Solution Providers (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, or Heroku). Experience with React Native. ChartJS or D3.js / visualization using D3-like libraries. Proficiency in a Linux/Unix environment. Web server configuration and troubleshooting (IIS, Nginx, Apache). Contributes to, supports or uses open source projects - has an active GitHub account. Experience with PowerShell or other scripting languages. Experience with Office plugin development (Outlook COM add-in, OfficeJS API). Product company experience. Formal team lead experience. Total compensation package including;
RRSP matching.
Paid vacation starting with 3-weeks.
Paid wellness time allowing for flexible discretionary allocation for mental health, personal benefits, and personal time.
Volunteering to the charity of your choice, paid up to 24 hours per year.
An annual end-of-year bonus day off of your choice.
Extended health care benefits, dental and life insurance.
Access to third-party Employee Assistance Program. RRSP matching. Paid vacation starting with 3-weeks. Paid wellness time allowing for flexible discretionary allocation for mental health, personal benefits, and personal time. Volunteering to the charity of your choice, paid up to 24 hours per year. An annual end-of-year bonus day off of your choice. Extended health care benefits, dental and life insurance. Access to third-party Employee Assistance Program. Professional development and training allowance for career advancement. A great culture which fosters diversity, equity and inclusion. Work with fun, like-minded people. 
ScrapedJobID1165:
Developing features for external and internal websites to enhance the user experience. Ensuring user experience determines design choices. Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design. Additional related responsibilities as required. Excellent front-end web development skills. Excellent graphic design skills. Experience with graphic design applications. Experience with PDF Accessibility Proficiency with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and asp.net. Experience with mobile website design and optimization for smartphones. Experience with responsive and adaptive design Experience with Dreamweaver, Visual Studio, Adobe Illustrator etc. Experience with Version Control. Experience with SharePoint (preferable). Understanding of key design principles. Understanding of SEO principles. Excellent attention to detail, organizational skills and time management skills. Resourcefulness and ability to problem solve and propose solutions as required. Satisfactory Background Check, Technical Skills Evaluations and Employment References. 
ScrapedJobID1166:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1167:
Take ownership of the design, implementation, testing, and deployment of web-application features and fixes, with support from senior team members. Regularly communicate with stakeholders and identify features and fixes to implement. 2+ years' experience with JavaScript/TypeScript, and thick client web application development. Comfortable with HTML, CSS, JSON and other common web technologies. 
ScrapedJobID1168:

ScrapedJobID1169:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1170:
Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Represent Roswell in a professional manner during sales calls/meetings where technical Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Experience using JS libraries Well-versed in Git version control system Proficient with best practices in responsive design Solid knowledge of performance Improvement and optimization best practices Knowledge in data migration and synchronization between Shopify instances Fundamental understanding of Shopify and its API / Application ecosystem Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills A passion for front-end architecture and learning new technologies. Deep understanding of ecommerce solutions, web design, development process, and Familiarity with A/B testing, SEO and data-driven practices Familiarity with analytics tools such as Google Analytics, GTM Familiarity with WCAG and accessibility best practices Positive attitude and problem solver Can work and stay well-organized between a variety of projects Ability to work independently to solve technical problems, mitigate risk, make decisions, Ability to work in a small and fast paced boutique environment Familiarity with WordPress a plus Experience building SPAs (Single Page Application) and PWAs (Progressive Web Front-end Javascript frameworks experience (React, Vue, Angular, Ember, etc.) TypeScript Familiarity with Slate and ThemeKit Understanding of SEO best practices Understanding of and experience implementing responsive UI/UX design Understanding of and experience implementing WCAG accessibility compliance Shopify App Development Strong full stack foundations Experience with server side Javascript (NPM, Node, Express) Experience with server side web and API dev (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, .NET, etc.) Experience consuming third party APIs Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL server, Oracle) Experience with schemaless DBs (MongoDB, etc.) Experience with Jira Experience using Git CLI and UIs, GitHub, and GitFlow branching and collaboration Agile experience a plus Server experience a plus (Linux/Unix/Apache/Nginx) Comfortable using CLI 
ScrapedJobID1171:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1172:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1173:

ScrapedJobID1174:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1175:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID1176:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1177:
Developing code and supporting documentation Working in a team environment to develop, unit test and deploy software changes Working with clients to understand and implement new requirements/solve complex technical application challenges Providing input on new designs and architecture as needed Developing a well-tested, high performance, scalable client/server web application Mentoring other developers 5-7 years’ experience Development of Web-based and Client/Server applications in Agile environment Experience developing applications for the cloud is a must Strong experience developing full lifecycle Web applications using ReactJS/PHP Experience in Cloud based development and application modernization including 12 factor development, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure (Blob, App Service, AzureSQL, CosmosDB, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Functions, etc.) and other cloud-based services Experience writing modern APIs leveraging Node.js Experience in event driven microservices architectures is a strong asset Experience in DevOps pipelines, based around Github Actions and Azure DevOps is an asset Experience developing applications for mobile platforms (Android and/or iOS) would be an asset Experience with cloud development user authentication and resource authorization using auth0, Oauth, Okta or Onelogin would be an asset Experience with Azure API Management is an asset Experience with Webpack would be an asset Experience with Acunetix web vulnerability scanning software would be an asset Experience with modern source repositories such as Github, Bitbucket 
ScrapedJobID1178:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1179:
Work with talented co-workers in a diverse role Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Analyze business problems of clients and help formulate technology roadmap Identify and propose technology solutions viable to the client needs Collaborate with other web specialists to address business, technical, and logical needs Generate interface designs, prototypes, data flow diagrams, and system models Participate in web app development, deployment, and migration Prepare technical documents and other required functional specifications Act as a collaborative member of the agile team Identify and propose technology solutions for client needs Experience working with modern Javascript frameworks Comprehensive knowledge of SQL database structure Experience working with back-end services Experience with security best practices 
ScrapedJobID1180:

ScrapedJobID1181:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1182:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1183:
Transaction Processing Services Project: Web-based, cloud-based project The main function of a Developer is to design, develop, and implement applications using general languages and technologies (e.g. - C#, C++, HTML) to support business requirements Analyze highly complex business requirements; generate technical specifications to design or redesign complex software components and applications Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts Leverage industry best practices to design, test, implement and support a solution Assure quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area Be flexible and thrive in an evolving environment Adapt to change quickly and adjust work accordingly in a positive manner Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with bank’s Values, its Code of Conduct, and the Global Sales Principles, while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions, and conduct risk 7+ years experience with Web and Cloud technologies (preferred Microsoft Azure 5+ years of hands-on experience with Development experience in needed language or technology Hands on experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large-scale projects from end-to-end Hands on experience in following the iterative and agile SDLC 1-2 years of prior experience in level 1 production support J2EE technologies - Java, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP, REST) Web application technologies - Restful APIs, Spring, Spring Boot, JSON Database experience - DB2, SQL Build management and code deployment experience - IBM Websphere, Azure CDP (Cloud Development Platform) Understand HTTPS, TLS/SSL and has experience on generate certificate Monitoring tools - Splunk Understand how the Banks risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment Must be fluent in English, oral and written, with excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills to understand, document and share key system information with their colleagues, support groups, other technical staff, business partners and management Takes accountability for results and exhibits a can-do attitude Self-starter with a desire to learn and contribute Has an appetite to continuously evolve and improve, to tackle difficult problems and seek/give constant feedback Embraces change and sees it as an essential driver to solve complex issues Demonstrates flexibility and can move forward without having all the answers Consistently seeks to understand, meet, and deliver on customers expectations Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required 
ScrapedJobID1184:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID1185:
Driven by a desire to learn Tenacious at finding solutions Prepared to invest personal time to achieve goals Team player Good written and oral skills Empathetic to client concerns Appreciation for Music, Drama and Theatre Full Stack Developer - Web Server, SQL Database, Application In-depth understanding of Microsoft .Net framework Capability of working with the MVC model Conversant with HTML and CSS3 Understanding of responsive design Highly adaptable to work with third party APIs Strong knowledge of javascript and jQuery Familiar with debugging techniques Xml experience - with XSLT 
ScrapedJobID1186:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1187:

ScrapedJobID1188:

ScrapedJobID1189:

ScrapedJobID1190:
Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems Implement prototypes and software components. Collaborate with team of excellent engineers to design, plan, develop, test, deliver and maintain complex features and new subsystems. Interact with product management teams to review and implement proposed designs. Participate and advise in code reviews. Experience with large scale, distributed application design. Expert in Javascript/Typescript Detail oriented and passionate about building great software. A constant desire to improve, learn more and take things to the next level. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. At least 1 year of experience in software development. Passion for building high quality software with extensive experience in unit testing and test driven development. Excellent communication and writing skills. Ability to operate effectively and independently in a dynamic, fluid environment. Fluid verbal skills in English Familiarity with web application development and JavaScript is a very strong plus. Familiarity with HTML5 and modern web standards. Experience with continuous build and integration tools such as Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, and/or BuildBot will be a strong plus. Experience with Node.js is a strong plus. Experience contributing as a full-stack developer. Experience with Git or equivalent distributed revision control systems 
ScrapedJobID1191:
Highly competitive market annual rates. Comprehensive benefits package. almost 2 weeks off per year (around Christmas and Easter time) in addition to vacation days! Your birthday off...with pay! Full benefits package & paid fitness breaks (eligible after three months) and much more that can provide an incredible lifestyle in Okanagan Valley,BC Collaboration on the direction of web application and technology needs, as well as code changes Test, troubleshoot, and maintain existing software. Providing on-call for occasional emergency technical support 3-5 years’ of production experience with ASP.NET, C#/.NET. Solid understanding of SQL Server database Good understanding of REST API fundamentals , Angular (or similar modern front-end frameworks) . Knowledge of technical SEO an asset and well as Azure experience (or similar cloud architecture solution) Strong object-oriented design skills Strong inter-departmental communication skills and ability to work with a small team. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada. Comprehensive benefits package. almost 2 weeks off per year (around Christmas and Easter time) in addition to vacation days! Your birthday off...with pay! Full benefits package & paid fitness breaks (eligible after three months) and much more that can provide an incredible lifestyle in Okanagan Valley,BC Test, troubleshoot, and maintain existing software. Providing on-call for occasional emergency technical support Solid understanding of SQL Server database Good understanding of REST API fundamentals , Angular (or similar modern front-end frameworks) . Knowledge of technical SEO an asset and well as Azure experience (or similar cloud architecture solution) Strong object-oriented design skills Strong inter-departmental communication skills and ability to work with a small team. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada. 
ScrapedJobID1192:
You want to work on a highly performing and complex product, with many real-world challenges You want to work in a place where we highly value our employees You like to integrate the latest methodologies and practices and be ever evolving You like to have an enormous impact on the core product of the company Define needs around maintainability, testability, performance, security, quality, and usability for UI platform Enable agile development of UI artifacts Design, develop, and manage automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests for all UI components Communication of new technologies, best practices, etc. to developers, testers, and managers Influence UI design requirements to build best-in-class experiences Mentor and peer review of designs and coded implementations Ensure the performance quality and responsiveness of applications Investigate issues reported by testing teams to determine impact, root cause, and solve them Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs to optimize performance Work in a fast-paced environment that fosters growth and learning Verbal and written communication is clear and concise Clearly articulate development and timeline dependencies Improve team development related processes that accelerate delivery, drive innovation, lower costs, and improve quality 5+ years’ experience in front end software development utilizing Angular Strong knowledge of Angular 11 Deep understanding of UI technologies and techniques Experience with Angular material Experience with Angular-cli and its configuration Knowledge of front-end patterns (container/presenter, etc.) Experience in testing 
ScrapedJobID1193:

ScrapedJobID1194:

ScrapedJobID1195:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1196:
Debugging the application. Working with the API and server team to implement necessary changes. Coding in PHP to resolve errors. Implement new features. Produce documentation to support the application. Provide updates at daily scrum meetings. Support the Web Services team with other development tasks as needed. PHP MySQL API integration Javascript/jQuery Git Strong debugging skills Strong documentation skills oAuth Linux / CLI based tools 
ScrapedJobID1197:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1198:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID1199:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID1200:
Develop new mobile apps, websites, and web applications Help define application architecture and plan solutions to technical challenges Research and implement tools and libraries that evolve development processes and capabilities Collaborate with designers to craft cutting-edge user experiences Manage your time against multiple deadlines and requirements Three or more years of Full Stack development experience and a track record of excellence as demonstrated in your body of work. A post-secondary education studying computer science, web/app development or comparable. Proficient with HTML5/CSS/JavaScript technologies Proficient with Ruby on Rails & React.js Proficient using responsive development techniques Good communication skills to help you collaborate with your team and clients A dependable home office including private working area, fast & reliable internet Agile development methodologies Styling frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, or similar) React Native Cloud computing (Google, AWS or similar) Meaningful work contributing to projects that make a difference in people's lives; Continual professional development through mentorship, training, workshops, and conferences; Competitive salary; Health and dental benefits; Flexible hours and the ability to work remotely (from home or locations); Direct access to executives; Paid holidays; Participating in online social team building activities; and Hanging out with like-minded people with lots to learn and do. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday React or Rails: 2 years (required) Web or Mobile App development: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1201:
Design, develop, and implement full-stack software systems that will be used by traders Build scalable and robust software using best practices Collaborate with traders, researchers, and software engineers within our group as well as across the organization globally. Analyze end-user needs and business goals to design and develop new features. Evaluate appropriate new technologies, tools, frameworks and software components for integration 5+ years web development experience Node.js and web/ front-end technologies Node.js OR java OR python (says Ruby in JD, it's not mandatory) ** need AT LEAST 2 people 
ScrapedJobID1202:

ScrapedJobID1203:
Develop new user-facing features using React.js Build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers 4+ years of strong software development experience Rich experience in Frontend Development. Experience with popular React.js workflows such as Understanding of the Node. js-based tooling like Webpack, NPM, Babel, ExpressJS, etc. Well-versed in Ecmascript 5/6/7. Familiarity with RESTful API as well as modern front-end builds pipelines and tools. Hands on development in Experienced in modern dev tools, processes, and methodologies like TDD, Unit Testing & Functional testing using Mocha, Chai, Jest, or other frameworks. Must be well versed with agile environment. Strong communicator who embraces collaboration. Experience with Familiarity with code versioning tools such as GIT. Experience working with large branded websites, content management systems, e-commerce platforms, and backend frameworks (Java, .Net) Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms Bachelor's degree in interactive development or computer science is a plus. Flexible vacation policy; time is not limited, allocated, or accrued 15 paid holidays throughout the year Generous parental leave and new parent transition program Tuition reimbursement Corporate gift matching program 
ScrapedJobID1204:
Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back-end APIs. Work with development teams, stakeholders and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any code issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. Basically, you're excited to bring an exciting user experience to our patients. You're passionate, creative, and understand life at a fast-growing company You learn quickly and master diverse technologies and techniques You're also known as uber-competent. You're good at what you do and you're passionate about coding You have never encountered a problem you couldn't creatively solve 2+ years proven work experience as a proficient Full Stack Developer Experience using React & Golang (2+ years) Experience developing desktop and mobile application Comp Sci Degree Start-up mentality Willingness to learn new tech Experience using Flutter 
ScrapedJobID1205:
Hands on contribution with .Net Core code Collaborate with other development teams on design and implementation of features spanning multiple products Perform Test-Driven and Security-Driven Development Analyze call stacks, trace files, performance data to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of bugs. Participate in development of prototypes, minimum viable products and PoCs 5+ years experience of coding in C#/ .Net (Preference for .Net Core) Strong knowledge of Microsoft based technologies (C#/ .Net) or other object oriented programming languages Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS, GCP) Experience with SQL database design, optimization and writing queries. Experience with Messaging queues such as Kafka, Google PubSub, RabbitMQ Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization Post-Secondary Diploma/Degree specialization in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field Docker GCP Kubernetes Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries and JavaScript frameworks(e.g. Angular, React, Node.js, Vue.js) and experience with UI/UX design Overtime pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1206:
3 years minimum experience in UX/UI, agency experience is an asset. Portfolio showing both UX and UI work Top-notch communication and facilitation skills. You're comfortable speaking hard truths, championing user needs and providing design rationale to project and client teams, as well as presenting your own work and running in-person or remote sessions. You epitomize collaboration and have experience working with design, SEO, CRO, and development teams. Knowledge of common web CMS, like WordPress, and their limitations are an asset. High proficiency with Sketch, Invision, and Google Suite - particularly Sheets and Slides Any additional creative skill sets are welcome and interesting (tell us about them!) Lead workshops to get to the crux of client needs, while keeping their customers front of mind. Deliver strategic yet thoughtful information architecture and content activities, collaborating with key teammates as needed such as SEO Strategists. Collaborate with creative, acting as a champion of accessibility and usability in interface design. Collaboratively plan and articulate functional requirements with front and back end developers. Evaluate, test and continually improve our solutions for end users and client teams. Advocate for users in a full-service digital context, ensuring fantastic web, product, brand, and digital experiences. Paid time off and bonus time off during the holiday season to spend time with your loved ones without thinking about work. Flexible working hours and work-from-home options. You know how and when you work best, and we trust you to do it. Comprehensive medical benefits, including a healthcare spending account, so you can take care of yourself and your family. Access to LinkedIn Learning and support in your professional development because we want to help you achieve your goals. A wellness program including weekly meditation so you can take care of your mind. Regular Lunch and Learns covering a vast array of topics all designed to keep you informed on the industry and our agency. Access to internal committees led by subject matter experts that are designed to tackle plans or solve problems. These committees ensure that everyone within our agency has the opportunity to learn about the different facets of our organization. Are you a project manager fascinated by work in the creative department? No problem, sign up and see how it's done. 
ScrapedJobID1207:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID1208:
Build, validate and maintain web pages, templates and emails from created or supplied PSD or wireframe layouts using clean, lightweight, semantic code that adheres to current Web Standards; Collaborate with design team on UX and UI Implement web design mockups accurately into HTML, CSS & Javascript using frameworks such as Bootstrap. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes via the companies marketing resource management tool DaVinci Workgroups. Assist in the conception, automation, development, and management of various digital channels, new media projects, and new website development as well as emerging technologies. Ensuring SEO best practices are adhered to when assessing content and content strategies Monitoring and analyzing web and social media channels. Documenting functional and design requirements, as appropriate. Documenting process and standards Provide general support related to digital marketing operations Through metrics and reporting ensuring that iA Wealth's online channels are as efficient and effective as possible. Staying abreast of industry standards for email, web and mobile sites, including emerging technologies, design techniques, accessibility and usability. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes. Designing digital content for use on internal channels including knowledge bases, extranets and other communications assets (as required) in collaboration with stakeholders and vendors. Sourcing stock video and imagery. Maintaining digital assets and monitoring content schedules for internal channels. Working with the team and external knowledge experts to develop and maintain a marketing digital and social strategy across multiple audiences and platforms. Research and recommend new media and trends as part of an overall strategy. To succeed in this role, the individual collaborates with others and is a self-starter with ability to work under tight deadlines and with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment. University/College Degree or Professional Certificate in Digital Media, Graphic Design, Marketing or Communications. Minimum 3 years of experience in Web Design/Front-end Development and current web technologies. Strong interest and hands on experience in the following capacities: Content Management Tools/Systems Front-end development Responsive Design General understanding of best practices in usability and accessibility (WCAG/AODA) General understanding of website metrics SEO/SEM (Search Engine Optimization/Search Engine Marketing) Social Media applications/Platforms and best practices Mobile Website Email design and email marketing best practices Proficient in the technology tools used for the corporate web properties: Sitefinity, Sitecore, Adobe Creative Suite, JavaScript/Jquery, JSON, PHP, XML, HTML/HTML5, CSS, SQL, Axure, Figma and MS Office. Working knowledge of the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, Search Engine Optimization, Taxonomy, Microsoft Sharepoint, Vimeo Video Platform and SproutSocial. Email Platforms (e.g. Act-On, Campaign Monitor, Hubspot) Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) an asset. Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to deliver a project from concept to completion. Good verbal and written communications skills. Experience in financial services industry an asset. Knowledge of French an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1209:
Actively be participating in work groups and work sessions with functional and technical consultants Work with the IT Directors, Management to support strategic system initiatives. Maintain accuracy and integrity of TBG data through ongoing system and table maintenance including data cleansing as required. Identify opportunities in the system to streamline and improved business processes and system functionality. Assist in development of strategic direction for Information Services in the areas of systems, standards, and methodology. Develop and enforce policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines. Implementation and adherence to Beer Store & BDL technical standards Delivering large-scale, complex programs that combine business processes with technology to help our business achieve the highest levels of performance Involved in all phases of a life cycle implementation, including development of specifications, prototypes, design, configuration, testing, go-live, user training and postproduction support Work closely with functional configuration consultants to ensure accuracy and completeness of functional requirements, creates technical specifications and the development of programs according to specifications. Handle technical component delivery and participates in full integration testing and assumes responsibility for testing the application code from a technical perspective to verify that programs follow standards and meets technical specifications Responsible for regression testing of universal changes and fixes and the coordination of the deployment. Monitor the system integrations and interfaces between SAP ERP system applications and third-party vendors Ensure the integrity, accessibility and accuracy of employee data is maintained through strictly controlled role and security design. Follow Change Control Board process and attend meetings where required to present changes/fixes for approval Monitor internal/external ticketing systems and work with Business Owners to resolve Monitor Brewer XML files to be delivered as per our SLA (Service Level Agreement) Monitor Brewer Reporting on SFTP servers as per our SLA agreement Monitor the performance in BW Monitor Daily Process Chains within BW (Business Warehouse) Create documentation and detailed communication to the user community Meet regularly with the business to adopt successful partnership Act as the liaison between IT, the business community & external partners on HRMS initiatives Degree or Diploma– Business, IT, or related specializations preferred but not required SAP certification preferred 5 + years of experience working with ERP systems; SAP experience is required 5 + years of TBS/BDL experience is a strong asset but not required Design, build, test and retrofit BW Layered Scalable Architecture (LSA) data flow from data sources to reporting front end (BEX and AFO reports) Design and build new data processing flows using InfoCubes, DSOs, SPOs, expert routines and BEX reports. Design and modify BEX queries and report to meet power user’s requirements. Handling Incidents and change requests Objects transport in BI for development, testing, and production servers. Performance tuning and troubleshooting BI reporting issues during user acceptance testing. Analysis on the requirements gathered. Design and develop data flows, customize as per business requirements. ABAP custom coding to manipulate and filter data in both ECC and BI. BI Content objects activation and modification. Process Chain creation for data load scheduling. Performed analysis on the existing data models and identifying the changes to be made to meet user requirements. Create prototype reports and perform unit testing. Strong Communication skills (written and verbal) and the ability to engage with all Business Users Ability to produce high level documentation 
ScrapedJobID1210:
Dashboard development Alert system and automations Cloud-computing and back-end development Managing a software team Python, Javascript Front-end applications Vue.js and ReactJS Working with Swagger API, Express, NuxtJS Object Oriented Databases like MongoDB or similar Previous management experience with software teams Knowledge of good code collaboration and quality standards Automation / AI model implementation (Python ML Models) AWS Lambda, EC2 and cloud cost optimization LoRaWAN Stack, Networking Linux CLI 
ScrapedJobID1211:
Design and develop robust new AEM components or modify existing ones, including their configuration, Java code, client libraries, and templates that meet business, technical and quality requirements. Provide technical guidance to AEM developers around best practices in AEM development - both back-end and front-end execution Configure Apache/Dispatcher front-end web servers as needed for existing and new websites for web applications, integrations, and services Review and approve/decline pull requests for merging code into the main branches of Bitbucket repository. Work closely with onsite and offshore developers, as well as Product Owner and stakeholders. Assist technical support staff, project managers, and users as needed to support business applications by diagnosing complex production issues requiring extensive analysis and troubleshooting. Provide technical guidance to projects ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; research and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope 5+ years experience developing applications with AEM 5+ years hands on experience in creating OSGI bundles, AEM Templates/Components and Workflows. Understanding the broader Adobe Marketing Cloud product stack, web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3, client-side scripting, and JavaScript frameworks Experience with Adobe’s latest maven archetype for building AEM projects - NPM, specifically webpack (https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) to allow for the use of Sass for compiled css files (https://sass-lang.com/) a definite bonus to have. Strong experience in using the following aspects of AEM: Sling, Dialog Configuration, Authoring Environment, CRX DE, Package Manager, User Administration Area, Assets Area, OSGi consoles 7+ years of Web application development experience including REST, Java, J2EE, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 and ReactJS Experience integrating AEM with other Adobe Marketing Cloud products, such as Analytics, Target, Campaign 7+ years experience with Unix/Linux, web and web hosting technologies 5+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) and also Adobe Cloud Manager Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Adaptable to working on teams delivering in a Waterfall or agile style Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do Self-directed and proactive Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment The candidate selected for this role is required to have special clearance from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. To see if you are eligible for this clearance, please review the section 201 on the Federal Government site (http://iss-ssi.pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca/msi-ism/ch2-prt1-eng.html) Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security 
ScrapedJobID1212:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs – front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years software engineering experience including 3+ years experience programming in Java 3+ years experience as a JavaScript developer 2+ years experience with TypeScript and React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS ( S3, ECS, Lambda, etc ) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1213:
Primarily focused on development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust capabilities for Canadian Banking Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 2+ years experience with React/REdux front end development is required. 2+ years experience with Spring Boot back-end development is required. Experience with coaching team members with React/Redux front-end and Sprig Boot back-end best practises is required. Experience with reviewing code, product solutions, architectural design, etc is required Experience with designing documentation and other internal materials is considered essential Having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Experience with NodeJS/Cloud Development is considered a plus. Experience working in an agile environment. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience in building automated self-serve solutions for end users and adopters would be considered a strong asset. Experience in defining current and future state for products and the associated roadmaps would be considered a strong asset. Attention to details, high standards for quality, ability to balance risk with technological advancements. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and influencing skills with ability to build and foster relationships with business users, project stakeholders, strategic technology partners and external vendors and clients. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1214:
Develop front-end software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards and programming Improve operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures Protect operations by keeping information confidential Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Plan and design the structure of enterprise GIS technology solution(s) Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering 7+ years of experience with development and software engineering Proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery and familiar with RESTful APIs Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles Experience with React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Exposure to Mobile development Familiar with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Excellent communication skills Organizational and leadership skills Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token Knowledge of selected coding languages (e.g. Java, C#) Knowledge of GIS and location based services Knowledge with Open Source software Experience in cloud technologies (e.g. Azure, AWS) Familiarity with various operating systems (e.g. Windows, UNIX) and databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MSSQL) 
ScrapedJobID1215:
7-10 years of experience with software Back-end development primarily with .NET, Java or Node.JS 4+ years of experience with Web and Front-end technologies like: Javascript, JSON, REST, SOAP etc. Experience with Microservices and APIs Experience with Software ID/Access Management with tools like OAuth, SAML or OpenID General DevOps experience is highly valuable AWS or Azure Cloud is also highly valuable Strong communicator and experience either mentoring or teaching other lower level resources Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1216:

ScrapedJobID1217:
Working within an agile and cross-functional squad to ensure collaboration across design activities and work closely with a Content Designer to produce flows for the bank’s online banking. The main responsibility of the role is collaborating with other designers on the team as well as Product and Technology in order to shape exceptional digital self-serve features for our clients. Looking for a flexible designer (i.e., Strong Interaction + Skills in Visual) with a product mindset Collaborative, humble, open, critical thinkers, curious, data-driven BA/BS degree in Design (e.g., interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science (CS), or a related field or equivalent practical experience 4 - 7 years UX Interaction Design experience Strong focus on Product Design (Strong Visual skills with basic interaction skills) Demonstrated expertise with design, prototyping, and research tool Figma (other tools such as Sketch and InVision acceptable too) Has worked in an Agile setting and a proven track record of working closely with Product owners and developers Has experience working with a Design System Strong communication, collaboration and influence skills Has conducted or helped conduct qualitative or quantitative research Understands front-end development and its constraints Has content design skills 
ScrapedJobID1218:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1219:
Develop high-quality, high-functioning and beautiful websites for our internal projects and for our clients Collaborate with design and copy teams to translate campaigns and activations into optimized web elements - including websites, microsites, landing pages, integrations, systems, and forms Integrate with third-party APIs and mobile apps Develop internal web-based dashboards and client portals Implement UX designs that meet business objectives and user needs Partner with creative to realize the best work and offer solutions that look as good as they work 
ScrapedJobID1220:
Responsive website development leveraging CSS media queries Custom WordPress development including, but not limited to, page template and theme design, custom post types, taxonomies and fields Customized WordPress theme creation using actions, filters, and hooks in functions. Proven ability to code in the following languages: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JQuery, JavaScript Proficient with REST APIs Familiarity with SQL is an asset Understand and implement UI/UX best practices Strong verbal, written and comprehension skills Knowledge of Google Analytics with certification (preferred) Monday to Friday Vancouver, BC (preferred) Wordpress Development: 5 years (preferred) html/css: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1221:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1222:
You will work as part of an overall team, often composed of client and Deloitte resources, to deliver software that drives meaningful value and change for our clients. You will focus on building out digital experiences primarily for the browser, using industry standard technologies and tools, and in conjunction with peers across disciplines such as creative, UI / UX, back-end service development and agile delivery. You may lead teams, and have line reporting responsibilities, or have strong individual contributor expectations. On top of regular delivery work, you provide our clients with advice on digital change, identifying technical debt and recommending improvements to architecture Mentor junior members of the team and participate in code reviews to help them grow inside the team. Meaningfully contribute to agile ceremonies including grooming, planning, scrums, retrospectives. Over time, build out insights and knowledge of the industries that we work in. Bachelor or higher degree combined with around five years of post-graduate experience, preferably including client-facing consulting role(s); Experience producing web / mobile / enterprise solutions in a professional development environment; Experience leading a team, working with others to solve problems, sharing knowledge and can help grow and mentor junior developers; A passion for digital transformation and technology; Ideally you have worked on project in which you integrated this front-end savviness with front-office systems (e.g. Salesforce, Adobe Experience, SAP Hybris); Experience in agile development environments, including ceremonies such as backlog refinement and spring planning; You have the ability to work independently as well as in a highly collaborative team-setting; You balance logical problem solving with innovative thinking; You like building positive client and peer relationships by developing an understanding of customer's business and project scope and can translate business requirements into technical requirements; You can contribute positively to team culture, with a focus on inclusion and diversity; Identifying potential opportunities for additional revenue generation; Developing analytical and insightful recommendations to meet deliverable targets and complete project tasks within budget and to customer satisfaction; Identifying and communicating conflicts or issues to Project Manager or Team leader; Assisting in the development of client proposals; Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills (English and/or French) You write ES6 JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3 code. You can tell us all about the strengths and weaknesses of React, Vue, Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, Pug and Handlebars. In short, front-end is your expertise. Yoave experience translating designs and wireframes into high quality, responsive websites with performance and accessibility in mind You love optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers (browser testing and accessibility testing) You have worked with Webpack, Parcel, Gulp, Browserify and the Command Line Interface (CLI) is your best friend; You know and understand git and have lots of experience with Bitbucket, Github and how they integrate with tools such as Jira. Knowledge of comparable source control tools (e.g SVN) are also valuable. You can build reusable and maintainable components (Angular, React) and front-end UI libraries for rapid development. You are familiar with RESTful APIs and have knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token You have used a TDD approach for unit tests and know what the best tools are for the task; You have an interest in technology beyond the web, such as back-end development (e.g. Rails, Python, Java, NodeJS), design (e.g. UX expertise, Photoshop, Sketch), cloud technologies (Amazon AWS, Firebase, Azure), microservices, iOS development, etc You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1223:
Create cutting edge web applications using React focused on usability, responsiveness, configuration, and presentation of data through visualizations Leverage current technologies to build modern, functional, responsive web clients using React Evaluate and utilize the latest concepts, tools, and technologies Peer review code for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Collaborate with UX and visual designers on proposed designs Collaborate with the Automation and Test team on identifying test cases for new features and regression testing 5+ years of front-end software development experience using JavaScript or similar technologies Experience developing production quality consumer-facing React applications using tools; Redux, yarn, npm Solid understanding of data structures, asynchronous architectures and building data-intensive applications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline You are equally excited to build a minimum viable product as you are cementing a feature in maintainable and tested code Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation Experience with charting and visualization libraries (D3.js, KendoUI) Building real-time applications using technologies like Websockets, Socket.io, SignalR Scripting languages and version control systems (Git, Mercurial) University degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline 3+ years of web development experience using, React, Angular, JavaScript, or similar technologies 
ScrapedJobID1224:
Develop new mobile apps, websites, and web applications Help define application architecture and plan solutions to technical challenges Research and implement tools and libraries that evolve development processes and capabilities Collaborate with designers to craft cutting-edge user experiences Manage your time against multiple deadlines and requirements Three or more years of Full Stack development experience and a track record of excellence as demonstrated in your body of work. A post-secondary education studying computer science, web/app development or comparable. Proficient with HTML5/CSS/JavaScript technologies Proficient with Ruby on Rails & React.js Proficient using responsive development techniques Good communication skills to help you collaborate with your team and clients A dependable home office including private working area, fast & reliable internet Agile development methodologies Styling frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, or similar) React Native Cloud computing (Google, AWS or similar) Meaningful work contributing to projects that make a difference in people's lives; Continual professional development through mentorship, training, workshops, and conferences; Competitive salary; Health and dental benefits; Flexible hours and the ability to work remotely (from home or locations); Direct access to executives; Paid holidays; Participating in online social team building activities; and Hanging out with like-minded people with lots to learn and do. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday React or Rails: 2 years (required) Web or Mobile App development: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1225:
3+ years experience in web UI and front-end web engineering Experience working with multiple client-side frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular Experience with micro-frontend technology and/or building front end frameworks is a plus Experience with direct DOM manipulation and other advanced Javascript/HTML skills Experience with library development and publishing is a plus Experience with security best practices on the web Experience with JSON and REST APIs Experience with Node.js, NPM and server-side JavaScript Knows how to implement pixel perfect responsive design Experience with front-end build and testing tools such as webpack, roll-up, jest Experience working within an organizational code base in multiple environments across numerous ongoing release cycles Experience integrating front-end web/UI interface with back end application server technologies Strong communication, organization, and leadership skills required 
ScrapedJobID1226:
Des professionnels hautement motivés ayant un large éventail d'expertises et l’attitude centrée-client de consultation / génie conseil. Des professionnels/les ayant la capacité de s'adapter autant à des tâches exécutées à l'interne qu'à des projets réalisés directement chez nos clients. Des individus curieux avec un esprit ouvert et une mentalité startup de créativité et d’exploration novatrice. Highly motivated professionals with expert backgrounds and a service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Inquisitive, open-minded individuals with a startup mentality of outside-the-box exploration and creativity. Effectuer des activités d’analyse de requis, architecture, maquettes, prototypes, conception détaillée, implémentation, vérification et tests des interfaces usager de systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques complexes. Travailler étroitement avec nos équipes de conception de logiciel (incluant logiciel embarqué) pour produire de designs de haute qualité. Perform requirements analysis, architecture, mockups, prototypes, detailed design, implementation, verification and test tasks on user interfaces of complex embedded and cloud-based systems. Work closely with our Software and Embedded FW groups to produce high quality designs. Baccalauréat en génie logiciel, informatique ou l’équivalent. Minimum de 5 ans d’expérience dedéveloppement React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS Expérience avec Nginx, de préférence sur des projets embarqués. Expérience de la conception de services d’API REST Expérience avec Swagger, OpenAPI fortement souhaitée Expérience éprouvée dans le travail avec la méthodologie Agile Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Connaissances avancées d’OOP De l’expérience avec le développement piloté par les tests est un plus Une expérience de niveau expert avec d’autres technologies Web modernes dans un ou plusieurs frameworks tels que Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python est un plus De l’expérience avec d’autres moteurs est un plus (Apache, etc.) Plus de 4 ans d’expérience pratique avec les bases de données relationnelles et / ou NoSQL, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. sont un plus Portefeuille requis avant une éventuelle entrevue Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent. Minimum of 5 years of React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS development experience Experience with Nginx, preferably on embedded projects. Experience with designing REST API services Experience with Swagger, OpenAPI is strongly desired Proven track record working with Agile Methodology Experience with CI/CD pipelines Advanced knowledge of OOP Experience with Test Driven Development is a plus Expert level experience with other modern Web technologies in one or multiple frameworks such as Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python are a plus Experience with other engines is a plus (Apache, etc.) 4+ years of hands-on experience with relational and/or NoSQL databases including but not limited to MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. are a plus Portfolio required before possible interview Nous pouvons clairement voir votre dévouement et votre passion pour les flux de travail modernes et fluides et les performances d’interfaces pour systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques. Vous avez un œil pour les implémentations parfaites au pixel près des concepts UX et des flux utilisateurs à supporter. Excellente contribution au travail d’équipe Sens élevé de l’organisation, de l’auto-suffisance, avec une mentalité d’équipe Excellentes aptitudes de communication orale et écrite, dont la capacité à produire de la documentation claire pour les collègues et les clients. Excellents talents analytiques et aptitudes de solution de problèmes De l’entregent, une prédisposition et un désir à la collaboration amicale et respectueuse avec autrui We can clearly see your dedication and passion for smooth modern workflows & performances for both embedded and cloud-based enterprise level designs. A great eye for pixel perfect implementations of provided UX designs and user flows Great team player Organized, goal-oriented, self-starter, with a team focused mentality Excellent communication skills Outstanding analytical skills and problem-solving ability Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to produce clear documentation for both colleagues and customer A friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others Culture Corporative – des gens exceptionnels et un environnement flexible avec beaucoup d’activités sociales! En fait, nous avons même gagné un prix à ce sujet ! Conciliation travail/famille – 4 semaines de vacances dès l’embauche et le boulot ne vous suis pas à la maison ! Opportunités de développement professionnel – Travailler au sein d’une société de conception est l’antidote parfait contre le travail répétitif à la chaîne ! Nous avons continuellement une variété de nouveaux projets représentant une grande diversité d’opportunités de croissance. De super avantages sociaux – et ils débutent la même journée que vous… et ils s’étendent à votre famille… et la compagnie contribue à votre REER en même temps que vous ! Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1227:
building applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing defining the architecture for new developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: building applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing defining the architecture for new developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: 
ScrapedJobID1228:
Évaluer les choix technologiques et tester rapidement les solutions; Donner une vision technique à l’équipe et travailler avec les architectes pour établir la feuille de route des applications qu’elle prend en charge; En collaboration avec l’équipe, résoudre les problèmes d’architecture; En collaboration avec les responsables de produit, transformer les livrables en résultats techniques; Concevoir des systèmes évolutifs en tenant compte de la performance et de la sécurité; Cerner et résoudre les problèmes de développement web frontal qui touchent les clients; Garantir une expérience uniforme entre les divers navigateurs et appareils; Promouvoir l’utilisation de tests unitaires et le développement guidé par les tests lors de la conception et du développement; Encourager l’équipe à appliquer les meilleures pratiques et lui montrer comment faire; Appliquer et promouvoir les meilleures pratiques en matière d’accessibilité (nous croyons que le web devrait être accessible à tous); Examiner et développer les pipelines fondés sur des conteneurs pour votre équipe Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement frontal (React); Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement interne (Node.js, PostgreSQL); Capacité de travailler efficacement en équipe; Expérience du mentorat de développeurs moins expérimentés, de la vérification de la qualité du code et de la promotion des meilleures pratiques; Expérience en vulgarisation des concepts et des exigences techniques; Expérience en conception et en description des API (nous utilisons Node.js, Express et OpenAPI Spec); Expérience de la programmation réactive fonctionnelle (FRP); Expérience des technologies de mise en grappe (nous utilisons Kubernetes); Expérience de la conception de systèmes à haute disponibilité et des tests de sollicitation sur ceux-ci; Expérience de l’écosystème Docker; Expérience en protection des applications web contre les menaces courantes; Expérience de la conception, du développement et de la mise à jour des systèmes à haute disponibilité (atout). 
ScrapedJobID1229:
Design, development, and testing of new features in the application Consult with product owners/business partners to translate requirements into software design Regular communication with others involved in the development process Participate as a team member in fully agile deliveries Active participation in a collaborative work environment Collaborate on peer code reviews 6+ years of professional full-stack software development experience with advanced proficiency in JavaScript Proven experience with with Vue.js Experience developing Express.js based RESTful web applications Experience with multi-tenancy implementations Developing and querying against NoSQL databases Demonstrable responsive UI design using bootstrap Experience developing software deployed to Cloud Platforms (Azure/AWS) Proficient with GIT distributed source control Experience developing against Microsoft Azure's Cosmos DB Designing and documenting RESTful API's using the Swagger framework Experience writing progressive web applications with offline functionality Working and collaborating with remote team members 
ScrapedJobID1230:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID1231:
Write, debug, deploy, and document code for client-facing products components in a clean, well-structured, easily maintainable format. Write technically challenging code that interfaces with internal and external systems. Program large-scale, high-volume websites in a load-balanced or web farm/cloud environment Program multilingual websites, including using techniques to Search Engine Optimize (SEO) Maintain and support multiple projects and deadlines Be responsible for the reliability and maintenance of customer-facing web applications, including at times after-hours support Propose solutions to problems and consider timeliness, effectiveness, and practicality in addressing client needs. Conduct ongoing enhancements and defect resolution to existing applications Ensure cross-browser compatibility and web standards on all solutions Meet project expectations and produce high-quality deliverables on time and within budget Self-starter or takes initiative Any other duties as requested by the Director, Dev Studio Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Software Engineering or an equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum 3-5 years software development experience, Ability to work on multiple projects with multiple deadlines Excellent organizational skills with a high degree of attention to detail Ability to work effectively within a team environment and accept direction Clearly articulate ideas and thoughts verbally Familiarity with unit testing principles and unit testing tools Excellent written and oral communication skills 2+ years building ASP.NET MVC web applications using C# in Visual Studio 2 years experience building standards-compliant (W3C WCAG 2.0) web user interface with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and bootstrap. Experience building and consuming RESTful APIs or web services Experience working with source control e.g. Git Experience working with WordPress Experience in Umbraco, Kentico, and AEM CMS platforms preferred. Experience creating websites that adhere to WCAG 2.0 Level AA guidelines preferred. Knowledge of database design in SQL Server, SQL/T-SQL, database indexing, views, and stored procedures a plus Experience developing on the Shopify eCommerce platform a plus Experience developing and deploying cloud solutions on Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, or Google Cloud Familiarity with project management and bug-tracking software such as VSO, JIRA, Bugzilla, etc. Knowledge of Angular and React frameworks would be an asset Some ability in Photoshop/GIMP is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1232:

ScrapedJobID1233:
Build cross-platform applications Develop and maintain product features and content Craft product plans through product analytics Develop both web and mobile web pages Implement responsive web applications Create Rich Internet Applications for both web and mobile pages Contribute design considerations for new products or architectural changes to existing products Maintain and upgrade existing systems Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve bugs Work with Project Managers and designers to effectively plan and manage development tasks and project milestones Work with other team members to investigate and resolve software defects Research new technology to provide product innovation and/or problem resolution Contribute to the ongoing development, documentation and maintenance of programming and systems integration standards Adhere to company technical standards and processes Contribute and create an environment that promotes innovation, knowledge sharing and cross training At least 1 year of professional experience in a software development environment Post-secondary education in computing science, computer engineering or an equivalent program Experience with CSS, HTML, JavaScript / JQuery Knowledge of web frameworks (example: AngularJS) and web components as well as integrating with REST APIs Understanding of web standards, responsive design, and cross-browser compatibility Active problem solver with a willingness to challenge the status quo and make recommendations for improvements Ability to work on multiple projects within strict deadlines Sound decision making and time management skills Strong communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and/or as a collaborative team member Thrives in a high-paced, constantly changing technical environment Bonus : Experience with ES2015, mobile design patterns and web optimization. Bonus : Experience with SQL and working database experience 
ScrapedJobID1234:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID1235:
Build solutions to real-time software challenges, leveraging web technologies. This includes both modern PWAs and legacy applications. Lead a team of passionate software developers to achieve an optimal balance between Product (roadmap), Support (maintenance), and Project (revenue-driven) work. Own the technical plan for our current and future Web products. This includes architecture, maintaining a technical roadmap for all Web products, and leveraging web frameworks (front-end and back-end). Provide team leadership and motivation. This includes ensuring work assignments are challenging and setting stretch goals for each individual team member so they can grow professionally. Be the process and tool champion for the team. We are looking for someone who can facilitate healthy collaboration, knowledge sharing, and promote efficient use of tools. Complete code reviews and perform technical coaching to enhance learning within the team. Facilitate troubleshooting and be accountable to fix high priority customer issues. We are looking for someone who can solve problems together with our customers and Web teams. Lead the planning for the Web development teams including estimation and scheduling. Other duties as required Degree in Electrical Engineering, Power Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline. 5+ years’ experience in Software Development. 3+ years’ experience as a Team Lead and/or Senior Architect Experienced with building scalable and modern progressive web applications Demonstrated success with working directly with customers to build intuitive workflows and lead our web development team in creating valuable workflows and valuable web products Experienced with many different SD life cycles including Scrum/Kanban/Waterfall Must have hands-on experience building modern PWAs and traditional web applications (ASP.NET). Demonstrated experience and success with introducing test frameworks and test automation for web applications Excellent communication skills with the ability to translate technical concepts into understandable requirements Experienced with mentoring, leading, and motivate a team of developers Strong collaborative skills to work with internal teams and external clients 
ScrapedJobID1236:
Under the overall direction of the Manager, the contractor, working with the other project team members, shall assist the manager with the following tasks: Provide system life-cycle support for Air Navigation operational and non-operational systems Assists in requirements analysis and specification writing and management Assists in the analysis, development, and implementation of software solutions for new requirements and identified deficiencies Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design and develop and troubleshoot applications Assists in maintaining the software development environment Recommends practices for configuration, installation, optimization and use of productivity tools. Degree from a recognized university or community college with an acceptable specialization in computer, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science or information systems Experience developing applications in C/C++ (open to entry-level and all levels of experience) Experience using GitLab, TFS, Artifactory, Jenkins Experience in designing, developing customer-facing, front-end software through interaction with the customer Experience developing front-end technologies such as JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue.js an asset Experience using Maven, Conan, CMake an asset Experience with MFC, and/or Modern C++ an asset Experience using RTI DDS an asset Experience developing real-time applications an asset Knowledge of design patterns Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodologies Strong Critical Thinking Effective English language written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1237:
Assist senior designers in designing new products and features Assist with user research and competitor research Participate in our design review and brainstorming sessions Work with front-end developers to improving platform consistency Assist in documentation and building design systems. Identify opportunities for design improvement across the DH platform. Fundamental knowledge of user experience, user interface, and interaction design Self-motivated learner, ability to quickly learn and adapt Problem-solving mentality Excellent communication skills, can articulate decision making, and thinking approach. Familiarity with UI design and prototyping tools Must have portfolio URL or case studies featuring examples of interaction design work. Product design workflow and best practices Understand the delivery process from discovery to release Experience meetings with customers to discover problems and test assumptions Understand design principles and how we use them to help make design decisions 
ScrapedJobID1238:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1239:
3+ years of professional experience in software development Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications Experience designing and developing responsive design websites Comfortable working with debugging tools like Firebug, Chrome inspector, etc. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage 
ScrapedJobID1240:
Build, validate and maintain web pages, templates and emails from created or supplied PSD or wireframe layouts using clean, lightweight, semantic code that adheres to current Web Standards; Collaborate with design team on UX and UI Implement web design mockups accurately into HTML, CSS & Javascript using frameworks such as Bootstrap. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes via the companies marketing resource management tool DaVinci Workgroups. Assist in the conception, automation, development, and management of various digital channels, new media projects, and new website development as well as emerging technologies. Ensuring SEO best practices are adhered to when assessing content and content strategies Monitoring and analyzing web and social media channels. Documenting functional and design requirements, as appropriate. Documenting process and standards Provide general support related to digital marketing operations Through metrics and reporting ensuring that iA Wealth's online channels are as efficient and effective as possible. Staying abreast of industry standards for email, web and mobile sites, including emerging technologies, design techniques, accessibility and usability. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes. Designing digital content for use on internal channels including knowledge bases, extranets and other communications assets (as required) in collaboration with stakeholders and vendors. Sourcing stock video and imagery. Maintaining digital assets and monitoring content schedules for internal channels. Working with the team and external knowledge experts to develop and maintain a marketing digital and social strategy across multiple audiences and platforms. Research and recommend new media and trends as part of an overall strategy. To succeed in this role, the individual collaborates with others and is a self-starter with ability to work under tight deadlines and with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment. University/College Degree or Professional Certificate in Digital Media, Graphic Design, Marketing or Communications. Minimum 3 years of experience in Web Design/Front-end Development and current web technologies. Strong interest and hands on experience in the following capacities: Content Management Tools/Systems Front-end development Responsive Design General understanding of best practices in usability and accessibility (WCAG/AODA) General understanding of website metrics SEO/SEM (Search Engine Optimization/Search Engine Marketing) Social Media applications/Platforms and best practices Mobile Website Email design and email marketing best practices Proficient in the technology tools used for the corporate web properties: Sitefinity, Sitecore, Adobe Creative Suite, JavaScript/Jquery, JSON, PHP, XML, HTML/HTML5, CSS, SQL, Axure, Figma and MS Office. Working knowledge of the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, Search Engine Optimization, Taxonomy, Microsoft Sharepoint, Vimeo Video Platform and SproutSocial. Email Platforms (e.g. Act-On, Campaign Monitor, Hubspot) Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) an asset. Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to deliver a project from concept to completion. Good verbal and written communications skills. Experience in financial services industry an asset. Knowledge of French an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1241:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1242:
Travailler de pair les demandeurs des lignes d’affaires, avec les analystes TI et techniciens au support afin de comprendre les demandes, concevoir et livrer une solution répondant aux exigences exprimées Agir à titre de d’analyste-programmeur web avec langage Windev, développement front et back-end Analyser les demandes de changement et les anomalies, coder, tester et implanter du code de qualité Assurer le contrôle de qualité sur les changements effectués et les documenter DEC / Baccalauréat en informatique, génie logiciel ou équivalent 3-5 ans d’expérience pertinente Expérience démontrée en Windev, développement orienté-objet Expérience de base en C#, ASP.Net ou .NetCore Expérience en développement d’API et web services, un atout Connaissances des bonnes pratiques de développement logiciels Tu aimes les défis et résoudre des problématiques qui te font évoluer Tu fais preuve d’initiative, d’autonomie et de flexibilité dans le travail Tu aimes échanger avec tes collègues, partager tes expériences et trouvaille et bénéficier de l’expérience des autres Tu gères bien tes priorités pour organiser tes tâches et travailler sur plus d’un dossier à la fois Employee assistance program Life insurance Monday to Friday windev: 3 years (required) French (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1243:
Experience in a high level language like C#, Java, C++ or VB.net Experience using scripting languages such as Python, PHP, Lua, Node.js Cybersecurity, cryptography, and encryption experience. Understanding of physical security is desirable UX/UI, user interface or website implementation. Cross platform skills (e.g. Two or more of Windows, Linux, MacOS, BSD) “Full stack” web development. Various stacks will be considered Database experience. RDBMS or NoSQL 2D and 3D model rendering The opportunity to work on cutting edge technology Satisfaction of helping others through medical device technology An organization with strong core values A team oriented/collaborative environment An award winning company culture & tight knit team Profit sharing Competitive compensation Excellent benefits package Monthly All-hands meetings Active social committee 50% BC Transit cost sharing in Victoria, and TTC/Transit subsidy in Toronto Galloping Goose access and shower facilities for midday runs or biking to work in Victoria Help brainstorm, architect, and engineer complex software applications and systems for medical devices Set up, configure, and maintain development environments Implement software controls, standards, and processes Write and document software on various platforms Help maintain Medical Device Design History Files Help develop Detailed Design Specifications and Verification Plans Contribute to formal Design Reviews and Source Code Reviews Help develop software tasks and estimates for customer proposals Collaborate with other team members, disciplines, departments, and external development partners Research, source, evaluate, and apply new technologies, APIs, libraries, and standards for medical device software Mentor and/or share knowledge with others Perform other related duties, as required Bachelor’s degree in electrical, mechanical, electronics or software engineering or a Diploma in electronics or software engineering Experience must include: Proficiency in one or more programming and scripting languages AND Application development experience OR Web development (e.g. front end or back end) development experience OR Mobile development experience. Mandatory: Excellent communication skills, both written, and oral. Eligible to work in Canada. Self-directed completion (e.g. Capstone project) of an electromechanical device and/or co-op work term or summer student experience Experience programming in C/C++, Java or Go or developing firmware on bare metal. Experience developing firmware in a highly-regulated industry, such as: aerospace, medical or automotive. Experience working within a Medical Quality Management System (e.g. ISO13485, IEC60601-1, IEC62304) 
ScrapedJobID1244:
Enabling developers and designers to create consistent and accessible experiences by guiding the implementation of Skyline. Defining Skyline's growth strategy to help us scale across the organization. Identifying efficiencies that we could solve through system thinking in cross-functional team processes. Report to the Director of Product Experience and be one of the leaders in the Skyline team. Define best practices for front-end developers at Benevity. Build new design system components, ensuring that our design system meets the highest standards of accessibility and inclusiveness. Act as a communication bridge between the Product Design and Engineering teams, creating a shared language and helping break down knowledge silos. Contribute thoughtfully to building an inclusive environment for everyone. Use Figma to facilitate communication and collaboration between designers and yourself. Actively participate in ongoing planning activities with your team. Ensure that work flowing into the team accurately captures acceptance criteria for functional and non-functional requirements. Educate teams on testing interfaces on various browsers, operating systems, devices, networks and assistive technologies. Build strong, inclusive, collaborative relationships with peers, including designers, product managers, developers and cross-functional team members. You are a cultural contributor and a mentor to others. You start from a place of curiosity and seek out feedback from everyone. You foster a space where everyone can participate. Experience using one or more modern frameworks like Vue, Angular, React, Web Components or any other component-based development framework is required. A deep understanding of any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack. A deep understanding of CSS and familiarity with naming conventions such as BEM. Strong understanding of front-end build tooling, ES modules, and cross-browser compatibility. Experience creating prototypes using modern front-end technologies. Passionate about creating accessible, performant interfaces that delight our end users. Experience with automated UI testing and review processes Compelling communication, collaboration and creative problem-solving skills: an ability to lead and the humility to adapt. 
ScrapedJobID1245:
Les développeurs full stack auront une gamme de responsabilités allant de la conception et la mise en "uvre de produits numériques à l'assurance que nous restons à la pointe de la technologie Nos développeurs contribuent à l'ensemble de la pile technologique, de la base de données et de l'infrastructure DevOps qui prend en charge le déploiement continu, sur les applications natives, au développement frontal En tant que développeur, vous travaillerez dans une équipe interfonctionnelle avec le Product Owner, les Designers et le Lead Developer pour co-développer les produits numériques Utiliser des pratiques d'ingénierie Agile et diverses technologies de développement de logiciels et de sites Web Collaborer avec les autres membres de l'équipe pour créer des user stories claires, concevoir des tests Communiquer avec les équipes informatiques sur toutes les innovations numériques liées aux systèmes informatiques fondamentaux Communiquer avec les parties prenantes de l'entreprise sur les processus Agiles pour définir et gérer les attentes Au moins 5 ans d'expérience en développement logiciel avec une expérience de travail dans des équipes Agile Excellentes compétences en programmation dans au moins un langage/cadre de programmation moderne tel que : Play Framework, Java, Spring, Sprint Boot Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML/CSS et d'un framework Javascript frontend moderne, tel que ReactJS, AngularJS, Vue.js Connaissance pratique de SQL et d'une technologie de base de données commune, telle que SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL Connaissances de base sur l'architecture logicielle des applications Web, les API, l'authentification Connaissance de la programmation en binôme, de l'intégration continue et du développement piloté par les tests Expérience avec un cadre de tests unitaires Une connaissance des concepts de programmation fonctionnelle et des microservices est un plus Les contributions à la communauté (par exemple, travail open source, publication / présentation d'idées techniques) sont un plus Full stack developers will have a range of responsibilities from shaping and implementing digital products to ensuring that we stay on the leading edge of technology Our developers contribute across the full technology stack, from database and DevOps infrastructure that supports continuous deployment, over native apps, to front end development As a Developer you will work in a cross-functional team with the Product Owner, Designers and Lead Developer to co-develop the digital products Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations At least 5 years of software development experience with experience working in Agile teams Excellent programming skills in at least one modern programming language/ framework such as: Play Framework, Java, Spring, Sprint Boot Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and a modern frontend Javascript framework, such as ReactJS, AngularJS, Vue.js Working knowledge of SQL and one common database technology, such as SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL Basic knowledge about web applications software architecture, APIs, Authentication Knowledge of pair programming, continuous integration and test-driven development Experience with a unit testing framework Familiarity with the concepts of Functional Programming and Microservices is a plus Community contributions (e.g., open source work, publishing / speaking on technical ideas) is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1246:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1247:
Work Business Users and IT Solutions team to translate requirements into software solutions and is expected to deliver high quality results within project schedule timelines. Experience developing in .NET, and .NET Core. Experienced person (at least 4 years) in software development. Web application development using HTML5, JavaScript, Typescript and CSS Expert in Angular Framework (3+ years of experience) Advanced working knowledge of Bootstrap, Angular Material and Angular Reactive Forms Testing frameworks – Mockito or other Strong experience in C# (3+ years of experience) Server-side REST API Development using ASP.NET Web API (C#)/.NET Core frameworks Advanced working knowledge of Entity Framework & LINQ PL/SQL or SQL, Stored procedure developing using an RDBMS preferably Oracle 12 Automated test case development using testing frameworks such as nUnit (C#) or xUnit.net (C#) Experience of one of the mocking frameworks like MOQ or Fake Agile Software Development, SCRUM Experienced in writing / consuming REST APIs, concept of Microservices Developing mobile responsive web applications API design and best practices Test driven development Evidence of SOLID and design pattern use OOP principles and design Version control practices using GIT Working knowledge of OAuth2, JWT for application authentication and authorization Full SDLC experience from collecting user stories and requirements to developing unit tests DevOps experience: Creating, maintaining a CI/CD pipeline in Azure DevOps Knowledge Linux Server Environment (Configuration, Maintenance and Development) Azure AD integration using ADAL, ADAL4J libraries 
ScrapedJobID1248:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm School or educational institution/establishment Startup company Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Visual Basic PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS Ajax JQuery Angular.js D3 Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) Subversion (SVN) Basic security clearance Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Standing for extended periods Willing to relocate MS Windows Linux Internet Database software MAC JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Servers Mail server software Communication software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software API Initiative Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID1249:
Working within a scrum team and contributing in all secure cloud-based mobile and web development activities across the entire product lifecycle including prototyping, design, development, QA, production, performance analysis, and optimization Architect and introduce new/complex/custom integrations, including solutioning, implementation approach, maintenance approach and documentation Architect, evaluate and recommend new integration technologies, focusing on scaling and growth Collaborating with product development team and executive staff to in an agile environment to set specifications for new mobile and web applications Design creative prototypes according to specifications; writing high-quality code to program complete mobile and web applications on schedule, frequently and consistently Perform pre-launch unit and integration testing, functional, and non-functional testing Troubleshooting and debug applications, solving complex technical issues Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications Developing technical handbooks to accurately represent the design and code of new applications. BSc/BA in Computer Science or similar technical field of study; MSc/MA will be appreciated 4+ years within designing and building mobile application, web application, and .net development Experience in Git; expertise in Python, C++, C#, ASP.net, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, RESTful API’s, and Java (J2EE) Strong knowledge of Cloud-native, Video-First software architecture; good knowledge of system integration technologies: SOA, Web Service, Spring boot and ESB, etc. In-depth knowledge of programming for diverse operating systems and platforms, software design, and programming principles Strong experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, backbone, etc.) Experience working with Microsoft technologies such as SharePoint framework, Add-ins, Graph API, Teams, and Azure. Experience working in engineering teams in an agile and dynamic environment Extensive experience working with developer tools like emulators, debuggers, profilers etc Experience building, stacking, and consuming RESTful & TCP APIs Strong technical qualities with a passion for delivering leading-edge designs and contributing to a culture of technical excellence and innovative solution design Experience in peer-to-peer financial technology platforms is a plus Strong communication and interpersonal skills suited to a global organization Analytical thinking, mathematical, and problem-solving capability Great attention to detail and time-management skills Strong collaborative approach to problem-solving Certified application developer is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1250:
Create websites, landing pages, and web applications that are responsive, performant, and accessible that engage audiences through the use of animation and complex interactions. Build reusable components with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for use across large-scale marketing properties and documenting them in our style guides. Develop Content Management workflows and functionality that allows other teams to deploy content quickly across multiple geographies and languages. Test-driven development to ensure our teams are writing well-tested code. Learning the latest front end technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best tools and techniques possible. Being an advocate throughout the company for great UX. Developing public-facing websites that perform well on all devices using modern languages and frameworks. Experience using a broad array of technologies and frameworks like (but not limited to) Ruby on Rails, Java/JEE, Node.js, Javascript, React or React Native, GraphQL. Experience in any of these is an asset, but not required. Don’t have experience with many of them? No problem — a deep understanding of any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack goes a long way. (Also: Check out our StackShare here.) Building complex interactions in a performant way, with a high degree of polish. Authoring resilient code that conforms with accessibility requirements and follows progressive enhancement methodologies. Providing highly effective code reviews and peer mentorship. Curiosity and passion to constantly learn new things; Shopify changes fast, and we need the people who work here to be able to change and learn fast too. Working with modern web stacks (transpilers, linters, build and CI tools, etc.). Experience with relational databases and SQL. You’ve mentored teammates on new ways to deepen their technical craft. Working in an agency or creative studio environment delivering websites for a variety of clients. Experimentation and evaluation methodologies to help inform decisions with real-world data. A deep understanding of one or more specific client-side areas like animation, performance, or accessibility for example. Building multi-language websites with complex internationalization and localization requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1251:
Post-secondary Education in Design/and or Corporate Branding Minimum of 2 years’ experience in a similar role or capacity Expert ability to hand-code in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for creating, modifying and editing Understanding of custom WordPress themes Take pictures for events, portraits and more Create video and motion graphics for social media purposes Intermediate ability in User Interface and User Experience Design Skillful understanding of PHP, my SQL for creating, modifying and editing Knowledge in website frameworks (Zurb Foundation, Bootstrap) for responsive design Ability to design wireframes and develop front-end code Excellent at adapting to changes and receptive to feedback Very high attention to detail with the ability to meet deadlines under pressure Superior ability maintainprofessionalism and cordiality when working with others Strong ability to take initiative and complete tasks Strong ability to work as a team, with other departments and independently Expert in Adobe Creative Suite applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) Excellent creative abilities for design purposes adhering to the College’s needs Familiarity with Microsoft Office applications Strong proficiency in English Maintain and create new pages for corporate website through Wordpress and hand-coding HTML, CSS and PHP Infuse new ideas for improving UI and UX across the website Fully optimize the new website in terms of mobile usability and site speed Develop wireframes, prototypes, high fidelity mock ups for print and web with ability to transition mock ups into code Create print-ready marketing materials such as viewbooks, flyers, banners, posters, business cards etc. for print production Maintain and uphold all brand standards Perform online data analysis, targeting and positioning for marketing campaign operations, and collaborate with other departments to ensure the digital strategic marketing plan is effectively implemented Create, edit, modify and update current online and offline marketing materials Fully optimize the new website in terms of SEO and mobile usability Create infographics Provide reports on lead conversion, Google Analytics Be a contributing team member for all marketing initiatives involving digital and print Photo editing and manipulation Other duties as assigned by the Web Division Manager Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1252:
Make endpoints for frontend apps and other backend services to use / write wrappers for other API developers Ability to track the workflow whenever it's needed. Identify code problems, build solutions and complete code reviews with other developers. Maintaining codebase and making improvements when necessary. Logging, error reporting and analytics. Reviewing accessibility as part of the development process. Collaborate with other teams to get technical requirements to develop a solution. Knowledge about database management and architecture. Understand what technologies other teams are using. Work with designers to help them understand possible technical restrictions Familiar with Micro Service Architecture. Maintaining the best security, reliability and performance practices. Assist and rapidly test solutions for the team. Develop scalable solutions with performance and security in mind. Ensure cohesive experience across multiple devices. Node.js: 2 years (required) React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1253:
7+ years of experience in Software Development At least 2+ years of experience as a manager of software development JavaScript with Angular is a preferred language to have experience with Experience managing at least 1 or more teams with 5+ team members Previous experience implementing new technologies and products Experience with cloud is a nice to have Strong people management experience including hiring, performance management and end of year reviews (This is a MUST) Strong communication skills Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1254:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1255:

ScrapedJobID1256:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID1257:
Providing SFCC expertise and solution design and implementation Design, code, and test technical solutions Understand technical requirements and propose alternative options to improve applications Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions Create technical documentation Knowledge of SFCC is required Knowledge of digital commerce components Knowledge of digital commerce integrations Extensive knowledge of JavaScript 5+ years ecommerce experience Remote or hybrid in Montreal 50% employer paid healthcare 3 weeks vacation, 10 sick days, 4 personal days, 3 wellness days Flexible working hours Free parking onsite Bonus pay Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1258:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID1259:
You have a product first mentality You obsess over perfecting the execution of designs with code You love being able to share your opinions on designs You want to do things the right way, not necessarily the easy way You seek out ways to leverage industry standards, frameworks, and tools (where it makes sense), rather than always having to reinvent the wheel Bring expertise of design systems to guide both engineers and designers on best practices Help set the methodologies followed for frontend development Collaborate with other engineers and the Product team to define clear deliverables and establish project milestones Take ownership of features from end to end by going through design, implementation, testing, and maintenance phases Lead engineers by example and processes Identify opportunities to improve existing code or architecture Stay up to date with best practices and emerging technologies 5+ years of experience building JavaScript applications Experience working as a designer for software applications is a plus Care about quality, both in your product design and codebase Deep understanding of ES6 and frontend frameworks (Angular and TypeScript are a plus) Deep understanding of CSS, CSS preprocessors (e.g., SASS/LESS), and design frameworks (e.g., Material, Bootstrap, etc.) Solid experience with code design methodologies (e.g., BEM) Solid understanding of the full web stack (e.g., HTTP, headers, caching, etc.) Belief in automated tests and taking ownership over the quality of your code Experience working collaboratively, participating in code reviews and being a great teammate 
ScrapedJobID1260:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID1261:
Assesses impact of design decisions to the computer solution/product/service being developed (i.e. performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommends alternate/creative solutions for mitigation/optimization if required. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Leads and implements initiatives as required to deliver business objectives. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders and ensures alignment. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Leads/conducts detailed code-reviews and provides feedback in a constructive manner. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 5 - 7 years of relevant experience and/or certification in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced level of knowledge in domain. Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages (Angular and Java)and can code with little oversight. Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1262:
Provide system life-cycle support for operational and non-operational systems Assists in requirements analysis and specification writing and management Assists in the analysis, development, and implementation of software solutions for new requirements and identified deficiencies Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design and develop and troubleshoot applications Assists in maintaining the software development environment Recommends practices for configuration, installation, optimization and use of productivity tools. Degree from a recognized university or community college with an acceptable specialization in computer, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science or information systems Experience developing applications in C/C++ (open to entry-level and all levels of experience) Experience using GitLab, TFS, Artifactory, Jenkins Experience in designing, developing customer-facing, front-end software through interaction with the customer Experience developing front-end technologies such as JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue.js an asset Experience using Maven, Conan, CMake an asset Experience with MFC, and/or Modern C++ an asset Experience using RTI DDS an asset Experience developing real-time applications an asset Knowledge of design patterns Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodologies Strong Critical Thinking Effective English language written and verbal communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID1263:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID1264:
Adoption of Agile and Scrum development methodology 
ScrapedJobID1265:
Build applications for various front office businesses Define the architecture for new developments Ensure all data and flows between other trading and settlement applications are maintained Manage multiple initiatives from start to end, including: Build applications for various front office businesses Define the architecture for new developments Ensure all data and flows between other trading and settlement applications are maintained Manage multiple initiatives from start to end, including: 
ScrapedJobID1266:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Designs and creates software with a focus on iterative, continuous development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between cross-functional teams Areas of specialization may include front-end and full stack development Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of training and experience Minimum 5 years’ experience as a Front-end Developer Knowledge of full stack development practices, including each of the following: Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment/Delivery practices Container Platforms (Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure) Git branching models (gitflow, github flow) Experience developing/coding with the following: JavaScript JavaScript framework (Vue/Vuetify and/or React/Bootstrap) plus test framework OAuth/OIDC WebSocket Preference will be given for experience developing/coding with any of the following: 
ScrapedJobID1267:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in Django, Python Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny back-end bug fixes to broad structural changes spanning multiple codebases Performing Incidence management and root cause analysis Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred Backend server architecture experience; Python and Django experience Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services, and cloud platforms such as Google Cloud Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of critical concepts in DevOps and Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1268:
1+ years of experience in React, ideally React Native Work experience or hobby experience with React Hooks Innately curious with a desire to learn and teach, and an excellent command of engineering fundamentals Innately curious to build apps used by users that love your app Back-End: GraphQL (Ruby), Rails API (testing: rSpec) ML: Python, Flask Documentation: GraphQL Playground, Postman, Github DevOps: AWS, Heroku, Vercel (we love Vercel!!!!) and Digital Ocean (we love DO!!!!) Design: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Suite 
ScrapedJobID1269:
Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code and working toward the next generation of the ApprenticeSearch.com project Design and implementation of key functionality and features supporting the ApprenticeSearch.com mandate Integration of user-facing elements with server side logic to best support skilled trades connectivity Implementation of security and data protection Expert in Ruby on Rails, with knowledge of the Django web framework Familiarity with some ORM libraries Able to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system Understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Understanding of accessibility and security compliance Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Understanding of back-end technologies, such as MVC architecture, SQL, and Ruby Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes Strong unit test and debugging skills Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git and Bitbucket Energetic and creative thinker with strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and in a team environment Ability to work effectively under pressure and meet deadlines A Criminal Records Check is required Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1270:
Provide AI/Machine Learning and Data Science skills as required to advance our AI innovations or client project requirements using AI methods. This includes both end user Interface development (Front End) and Back End Technical support Advocating and communicating technology capabilities internally and externally, including leadership with our customers, partners, and vendors. Conducting research to remain up-to-date and knowledgeable regarding industry trends and emerging technologies, as well as leading internal R&D to maintain a technological advantage for teaching and learning, in partnership with strategic suppliers or institutions (governmental, educational or others) Proactively establish relationships and meet with current and potential customers to demonstrate the company's credentials at solving problems with technically-differentiated solutions 5 + years of programming experience is required as a full-stack software engineer. You have work experience in early stage / start-up Software Commercialization companies. You have strong communication skills given client interactions in set-up and configuration requirements, or developing custom functional specifications. You have proven success building high-performing technical teams and working with rapid growth and implementing change You are a strategic thinker and effective communicator offering expertise in technological development and the demonstrated ability to implement and execute organizationally. You bring knowledge and experience with Agile software development and agile scrumming practices and ensuring effective logging of software developments. Java, Python Experience in database design, development, and enhancement. Specifically with SQL or related / Mongo (or other NoSQL) Working experience and knowledge of Amazon server infrastructure and technical operations Advanced experience in application design, development and implementation of medium to large database projects supporting Software as a Service (SaaS) Applications Javascript + AngularJS (or similar front-end framework), html + css Experience with SalesForce CRM Integrations Experience with version control i.e. Github and maintaining documentation function/feature practices Mongo Database (Structured and Unstructured data) Redis Experience with unix/linux AI/Data Sciences: Python: numpy / pandas / scikit /WEKA Android Stack for Mobile Application Development PowerBI (Advanced Analytics visualizations) Data Wrangling. – data science skills and advanced analytics Amazon Infrastructure Operations NLP (GPT-3 / Bert) Documenting Source Code Documentation and disciplined software development practices (ie: ticket logging in Assembla) You will be able to work with acclaimed thought leaders in the field of AI, Data Sciences, and Software as a Service, both in the company and also interact with our prestigious board of directors, and board advisors. You will work in a culture that values inclusiveness and diversity. You will have access to health and wellness and fitness benefits to ensure you keep healthy and strong in body, mind and spirit. You will participate in a corporate culture that values weekly open communication - Happy Snappy Monday to keep employees informed of company developments and highlights to recognize on a continual basis employee performance - weekly happy shout outs to give thanks. You will have a holiday incentive package that is generous and customized to your personal and family needs - ie: the office fully closes between xmas and new years, statutory holidays and three weeks of vacation. Access to attend educational and training forums as required that support the company’s business goals and your personal growth needs. You will have a financial incentive package with a base of $100K+, plus year end bonus, plus equity participation in the company shareholder agreement. Salary is commensurate with work experience and meeting business needs. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have at least 5+ years of programming experience as a full-stack software engineer? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1271:
Développement de logiciels pour la construction et l'extension de notre infrastructure de test Planification et préparation de l'installation d'essai Développement et exécution de tests automatisés Exécuter des tests manuels selon les besoins pour maintenir le rythme de développement Agile Membre de l'équipe Agile, composée de développeurs et analyste en assurance qualité, qui est responsable des prochaines versions. Participer activement aux processus Agile tout au long du développement du produit Accroître les capacités, la qualité et l'efficacité de l’assurance qualité Effectuer des tâches liées à la sécurisation et à la conservation des produits, des outils et des processus dont vous êtes responsable de la sécurisation. Développement de logiciels pour construire et étendre notre infrastructure de test Planification et préparation de la configuration des tests Développement et exécution de tests automatisés Exécution de l'assurance qualité manuelle si nécessaire pour maintenir le rythme de développement Agile Partie de l'équipe Agile composée de DEV et QA qui est responsable des prochaines versions. Participer activement aux processus agiles tout au long du développement du produit. Développer les capacités, la qualité et l'efficacité de l'AQ Effectuer des tâches liées à la sécurisation et à la conservation des produits, des outils et des processus que vous êtes chargé de sécuriser. Forte expérience en linux/unix Forte expérience avec toute base de données relationnelle ou big data DB Expérience en matière de tests cloud native Connaissance du traitement des données/de l'analyse des données Connaissance des tests back-end et front-end Capacité à analyser et à résoudre les problèmes rapidement et de manière créative. Solide bagage technique et capacité à apprendre rapidement des produits et des méthodologies de test complexes, ainsi que de solides compétences en matière de dépannage, axées sur le détail. Esprit d'équipe et attitude positive ; excellentes capacités de communication en anglais. Solides concepts de test et connaissance des processus d'AQ Expérience de l'utilisation d'outils basés sur la méthode Agile comme Jira. Expérience avec les scripts Shell/jmeter Expérience avec la programmation comme java/python Expérience du pipeline CI/CD et de docker/helm Software development towards building & extending our testing infrastructure Planning and preparing testing setup Developing and running automated tests Performing manual QA as needed to maintain Agile development pace Part of Agile team consisting of DEV & QA which is responsible for the upcoming releases Actively participate in agile processes throughout the product development Expand the QA capabilities, quality and efficiency Perform tasks related to securing and keeping the products, tools, and processes that you are responsible for securing Strong experience in linux/unix Strong experience with any relational database or big data DB Experience with cloud native testing Knowledge of data processing/data analytics Knowledge with both backend and front end testing Ability to analyze and solve problems quickly and creatively Strong technical background and ability to learn complex products and testing methodologies quickly as well as strong, detail-oriented troubleshooting skills Team player and positive attitude; excellent communications skills in English Strong testing concepts and knowledge of QA processes Experience of using Agile based tools like Jira Experience with Shell/jmeter scripting Experience with programming like java/python Experience CI/CD pipeline and docker/helm Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1272:
BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 6+ years’ experience developing web, software, or mobile applications. DevOps experience with AWS infrastructure. Experience in designing and developing front-end web applications using React/Redux or Angular framework. Experience designing and implementing scalable web services with REST or SOAP APIs, preferably using frameworks such as Spring, Express.js, or FastAPI. Experience in test driven development with familiarity with modern testing frameworks and tools such as Jest, JUnit, and Karate, etc. Solid understanding of design patterns and their application in writing highly scalable code. Strong desire for learning and growth with collaborative can-do attitude Ability to take initiative with a strong sense of ownership. Excellent problem-solving skills with the ability of breaking down complex problems into simple executable tasks. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies Solid understanding of AI / Machine learning techniques to enhance content localization is a plus. Contribute to the design and architecture of the project with internal and external stakeholders and vendors. Gathering functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Act in a technical leadership capacity: Mentoring junior engineers, new team members, and applying technical expertise to challenging programming and design problems Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams: product management, various product lines, or business units to drive forward results Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1273:
10+ years of industry experience in the software product industry with senior architecture/software development roles Proficient in mobile architecture & design that serve millions of users Expertise in developing & designing client-side applications using the latest front end technologies using Swift and/or Kotlin Experience in leveraging Amazon Web Services for building scalable client-side applications Experience in building a component library and contribute to design systems is preferred Understanding of industry-leading technology/solutions in big data and machine learning Experience in making successful trade-offs that balance the short- and long-term product goals Partner with the engineering directors to build strong engineering teams Bachelor’s degree required, or equivalent work experience Drive end-to-end architecture across Intuit’s product offerings Lead the technology evolution of the mobile UX framework, including data, analytics, productivity, and tools Mentor others in development technologies, tools, and processes Present your own designs to internal and external groups, review designs of others Participates in industry conferences and public speaking opportunities at technology and business conferences Inspire innovation and deliver quality at speed across offerings and platform Partner with engineering leaders across Intuit to identify areas across people, process, and technology to dramatically improve velocity 
ScrapedJobID1274:

ScrapedJobID1275:

ScrapedJobID1276:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1277:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Lead by example, developing efficient, high-performance software, implementing front end using ReactJS Conducts code reviews delivered by the team, ensuring high quality Mentors and builds relationships with team members Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are held and projects remain on track Contributes to QA efforts where needed Represents RM in settings where deep knowledge of our tech stack is needed such as RFPs, Security Audits, employee on-boarding, etc. Minimum of 5+ years of experience developing web applications in a similar position, implementing applications in a front-end capacity using ReactJS University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development Experience with ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1278:
Highly competitive market annual rates. Comprehensive benefits package. almost 2 weeks off per year (around Christmas and Easter time) in addition to vacation days! Your birthday off...with pay! Full benefits package & paid fitness breaks (eligible after three months) and much more that can provide an incredible lifestyle in Okanagan Valley,BC Collaboration on the direction of web application and technology needs, as well as code changes Test, troubleshoot, and maintain existing software. Providing on-call for occasional emergency technical support 3-5 years’ of production experience with ASP.NET, C#/.NET. Solid understanding of SQL Server database Good understanding of REST API fundamentals , Angular (or similar modern front-end frameworks) . Knowledge of technical SEO an asset and well as Azure experience (or similar cloud architecture solution) Strong object-oriented design skills Strong inter-departmental communication skills and ability to work with a small team. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada. Comprehensive benefits package. almost 2 weeks off per year (around Christmas and Easter time) in addition to vacation days! Your birthday off...with pay! Full benefits package & paid fitness breaks (eligible after three months) and much more that can provide an incredible lifestyle in Okanagan Valley,BC Test, troubleshoot, and maintain existing software. Providing on-call for occasional emergency technical support Solid understanding of SQL Server database Good understanding of REST API fundamentals , Angular (or similar modern front-end frameworks) . Knowledge of technical SEO an asset and well as Azure experience (or similar cloud architecture solution) Strong object-oriented design skills Strong inter-departmental communication skills and ability to work with a small team. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada. 
ScrapedJobID1279:
Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1280:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID1281:

ScrapedJobID1282:
Build cross-platform applications Develop and maintain product features and content Craft product plans through product analytics Develop both web and mobile web pages Implement responsive web applications Create Rich Internet Applications for both web and mobile pages Contribute design considerations for new products or architectural changes to existing products Maintain and upgrade existing systems Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve bugs Work with Project Managers and designers to effectively plan and manage development tasks and project milestones Work with other team members to investigate and resolve software defects Research new technology to provide product innovation and/or problem resolution Contribute to the ongoing development, documentation and maintenance of programming and systems integration standards Adhere to company technical standards and processes Contribute and create an environment that promotes innovation, knowledge sharing and cross training At least 1 year of professional experience in a software development environment Post-secondary education in computing science, computer engineering or an equivalent program Experience with CSS, HTML, JavaScript / JQuery Knowledge of web frameworks (example: AngularJS) and web components as well as integrating with REST APIs Understanding of web standards, responsive design, and cross-browser compatibility Active problem solver with a willingness to challenge the status quo and make recommendations for improvements Ability to work on multiple projects within strict deadlines Sound decision making and time management skills Strong communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and/or as a collaborative team member Thrives in a high-paced, constantly changing technical environment Bonus : Experience with ES2015, mobile design patterns and web optimization. Bonus : Experience with SQL and working database experience 
ScrapedJobID1283:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1284:
5 year web development experience with PHP, mySQL, HTML5, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap Experience developing custom responsive WordPress themes Experience creating mobile-responsive websites Strong front-end web development experience Graphic design and video-editing experience Must have strong website coding skills Possess strong analytical skills Ability to work in a team and independent environment 
ScrapedJobID1285:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1286:

ScrapedJobID1287:

ScrapedJobID1288:
Build, validate and maintain web pages, templates and emails from created or supplied PSD or wireframe layouts using clean, lightweight, semantic code that adheres to current Web Standards; Collaborate with design team on UX and UI Implement web design mockups accurately into HTML, CSS & Javascript using frameworks such as Bootstrap. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes via the companies marketing resource management tool DaVinci Workgroups. Assist in the conception, automation, development, and management of various digital channels, new media projects, and new website development as well as emerging technologies. Ensuring SEO best practices are adhered to when assessing content and content strategies Monitoring and analyzing web and social media channels. Documenting functional and design requirements, as appropriate. Documenting process and standards Provide general support related to digital marketing operations Through metrics and reporting ensuring that iA Wealth's online channels are as efficient and effective as possible. Staying abreast of industry standards for email, web and mobile sites, including emerging technologies, design techniques, accessibility and usability. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes. Designing digital content for use on internal channels including knowledge bases, extranets and other communications assets (as required) in collaboration with stakeholders and vendors. Sourcing stock video and imagery. Maintaining digital assets and monitoring content schedules for internal channels. Working with the team and external knowledge experts to develop and maintain a marketing digital and social strategy across multiple audiences and platforms. Research and recommend new media and trends as part of an overall strategy. To succeed in this role, the individual collaborates with others and is a self-starter with ability to work under tight deadlines and with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment. University/College Degree or Professional Certificate in Digital Media, Graphic Design, Marketing or Communications. Minimum 3 years of experience in Web Design/Front-end Development and current web technologies. Strong interest and hands on experience in the following capacities: Content Management Tools/Systems Front-end development Responsive Design General understanding of best practices in usability and accessibility (WCAG/AODA) General understanding of website metrics SEO/SEM (Search Engine Optimization/Search Engine Marketing) Social Media applications/Platforms and best practices Mobile Website Email design and email marketing best practices Proficient in the technology tools used for the corporate web properties: Sitefinity, Sitecore, Adobe Creative Suite, JavaScript/Jquery, JSON, PHP, XML, HTML/HTML5, CSS, SQL, Axure, Figma and MS Office. Working knowledge of the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, Search Engine Optimization, Taxonomy, Microsoft Sharepoint, Vimeo Video Platform and SproutSocial. Email Platforms (e.g. Act-On, Campaign Monitor, Hubspot) Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) an asset. Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to deliver a project from concept to completion. Good verbal and written communications skills. Experience in financial services industry an asset. Knowledge of French an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1289:
You're visually oriented and have a keen eye for detail - it's a thing of beauty to watch you work. You have a rock-solid reputation as a creative problem solver - nothing slows you down for long. You manage your time as expertly as you manage your projects. Prioritizing, planning and organizing are part of your DNA, and you handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and clear vision. You're 'web-savvy' and up to date with designing mobile trends, tools and methods. You're a natural at coming up with simple solutions to complicated web developing ideas and concepts and explaining them to others. You tackle every project with anticipation and excitement - no matter how big or how small. You ?get' what it means to be part of the team and enjoy working in a collaborative, open-office environment. The words ?that will do? aren't in your vocabulary. You always strive to find the best, most innovative solution. You don't sit around waiting to be told what to do. You know what needs to be done and you do it. You love rolling up your sleeves and digging into the details. You handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and a clear vision. Reporting to the Agile Team Lead, Development. Develop enterprise web applications to add value to the business, ensuring that applications are on the right platform. Support and enhance the external-facing AMA websites and all other internal applications. Collaborate and develop strong working relationships with key cross functional partners in support of the Project Execution Methodology. Ensure integrity and optimal performance of applications and databases. Provide analysis and recommended solution for data problems. Identify key areas throughout our website that can be modified, enhanced and beautified. Look for opportunities and make recommendations for improvements to our website and marketing materials - after all, it's all about the customer experience! Seeking to build in security during the development stages of software systems. Work with solutions architect, team leads, QA analyst and other developers and business users through the project life cycle to gather and understand requirements, determine best solutions, test solutions and demonstrate functionality to end users. Ensure all application changes are developed, tested, and implemented in a well-controlled environment. Follow modern application architecture guidelines and design principles such as separation of concerns, single responsibility, and least knowledge. Deploy code through an established automated deployment framework. Create user-centric applications by considering customer feedback, technical constraints, opportunities and usability findings. Enforce test-driven development (TDD) and continuous integration. You have a university degree or technical school diploma in a related technical field such as Information Technology or Computer Science. Have a degree in something else? Tell us about it and how you can use it in this role. You have at least 1 year of web development experience. You're comfortable working with data security at rest and transit. You're also at ease with Application Programming Interface (API) management and design. You have experience with the following languages, on this we must insist: ASP.NET MVC C# SQL (queries, views, stored procedures) Angular 2+ TypeScript Javascript CSS Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub) You'll get bonus points if you have: .NET Core Azure experience with App Services, SQL Server, Function and Logic Apps You have a deep knowledge of the full web stack (HTTP, cookies, caching, browser rendering) MCSD certification You have knowledge of Digital Marketing, and if you don't, an interest to learn would be great too! Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Defined Pension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. Work-from home options available. 
ScrapedJobID1290:

ScrapedJobID1291:
Des professionnels hautement motivés ayant un large éventail d'expertises et l’attitude centrée-client de consultation / génie conseil. Des professionnels/les ayant la capacité de s'adapter autant à des tâches exécutées à l'interne qu'à des projets réalisés directement chez nos clients. Des individus curieux avec un esprit ouvert et une mentalité startup de créativité et d’exploration novatrice. Highly motivated professionals with expert backgrounds and a service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Inquisitive, open-minded individuals with a startup mentality of outside-the-box exploration and creativity. Effectuer des activités d’analyse de requis, architecture, maquettes, prototypes, conception détaillée, implémentation, vérification et tests des interfaces usager de systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques complexes. Travailler étroitement avec nos équipes de conception de logiciel (incluant logiciel embarqué) pour produire de designs de haute qualité. Perform requirements analysis, architecture, mockups, prototypes, detailed design, implementation, verification and test tasks on user interfaces of complex embedded and cloud-based systems. Work closely with our Software and Embedded FW groups to produce high quality designs. Baccalauréat en génie logiciel, informatique ou l’équivalent. Minimum de 5 ans d’expérience dedéveloppement React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS Expérience avec Nginx, de préférence sur des projets embarqués. Expérience de la conception de services d’API REST Expérience avec Swagger, OpenAPI fortement souhaitée Expérience éprouvée dans le travail avec la méthodologie Agile Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Connaissances avancées d’OOP De l’expérience avec le développement piloté par les tests est un plus Une expérience de niveau expert avec d’autres technologies Web modernes dans un ou plusieurs frameworks tels que Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python est un plus De l’expérience avec d’autres moteurs est un plus (Apache, etc.) Plus de 4 ans d’expérience pratique avec les bases de données relationnelles et / ou NoSQL, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. sont un plus Portefeuille requis avant une éventuelle entrevue Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent. Minimum of 5 years of React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS development experience Experience with Nginx, preferably on embedded projects. Experience with designing REST API services Experience with Swagger, OpenAPI is strongly desired Proven track record working with Agile Methodology Experience with CI/CD pipelines Advanced knowledge of OOP Experience with Test Driven Development is a plus Expert level experience with other modern Web technologies in one or multiple frameworks such as Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python are a plus Experience with other engines is a plus (Apache, etc.) 4+ years of hands-on experience with relational and/or NoSQL databases including but not limited to MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. are a plus Portfolio required before possible interview Nous pouvons clairement voir votre dévouement et votre passion pour les flux de travail modernes et fluides et les performances d’interfaces pour systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques. Vous avez un œil pour les implémentations parfaites au pixel près des concepts UX et des flux utilisateurs à supporter. Excellente contribution au travail d’équipe Sens élevé de l’organisation, de l’auto-suffisance, avec une mentalité d’équipe Excellentes aptitudes de communication orale et écrite, dont la capacité à produire de la documentation claire pour les collègues et les clients. Excellents talents analytiques et aptitudes de solution de problèmes De l’entregent, une prédisposition et un désir à la collaboration amicale et respectueuse avec autrui We can clearly see your dedication and passion for smooth modern workflows & performances for both embedded and cloud-based enterprise level designs. A great eye for pixel perfect implementations of provided UX designs and user flows Great team player Organized, goal-oriented, self-starter, with a team focused mentality Excellent communication skills Outstanding analytical skills and problem-solving ability Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to produce clear documentation for both colleagues and customer A friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others Culture Corporative – des gens exceptionnels et un environnement flexible avec beaucoup d’activités sociales! En fait, nous avons même gagné un prix à ce sujet ! Conciliation travail/famille – 4 semaines de vacances dès l’embauche et le boulot ne vous suis pas à la maison ! Opportunités de développement professionnel – Travailler au sein d’une société de conception est l’antidote parfait contre le travail répétitif à la chaîne ! Nous avons continuellement une variété de nouveaux projets représentant une grande diversité d’opportunités de croissance. De super avantages sociaux – et ils débutent la même journée que vous… et ils s’étendent à votre famille… et la compagnie contribue à votre REER en même temps que vous ! Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1292:
Develop Web Services to be consumed by B2B partners using Web API or WCF technologies depending on the application architecture. Write server side web application code with C# / ASP.NET / MVC based on the design. Develop optimized code in C# and SQL server Implement client-side code using JavaScript, jQuery, and Typescript frameworks to provide the website users with dynamic and responsive user experiences Work with Azure cloud services (IAAS, PAAS) for modern application 3+ years with C#, ASP.NET and MVC 3+ years with jQuery, JSON, JS, CSS and Telerik / kendo controls 3+ years writing Stored Procs and DB knowledge ( SQL Server ) 2+ years with Asynchronous Programming using C# 2+ years with Typescript and HTML5 1+ years with .NET Core, PAAS and Micro Services 
ScrapedJobID1293:
Under the overall direction of the Manager, the contractor, working with the other project team members, shall assist the manager with the following tasks: Provide system life-cycle support for Air Navigation operational and non-operational systems Assists in requirements analysis and specification writing and management Assists in the analysis, development, and implementation of software solutions for new requirements and identified deficiencies Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design and develop and troubleshoot applications Assists in maintaining the software development environment Recommends practices for configuration, installation, optimization and use of productivity tools. Degree from a recognized university or community college with an acceptable specialization in computer, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science or information systems Experience developing applications in C/C++ (open to entry-level and all levels of experience) Experience using GitLab, TFS, Artifactory, Jenkins Experience in designing, developing customer-facing, front-end software through interaction with the customer Experience developing front-end technologies such as JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue.js an asset Experience using Maven, Conan, CMake an asset Experience with MFC, and/or Modern C++ an asset Experience using RTI DDS an asset Experience developing real-time applications an asset Knowledge of design patterns Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodologies Strong Critical Thinking Effective English language written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1294:
Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1295:
Join an established company with a startup vibe and the ability to work remotely! Receive a highly competitive salary of $85k-$130k along with a host of benefits! Enjoy a flexible environment with a supportive team culture! Developing, maintaining, and integrating coding for various client software systems and applications Delivering strong technical design and programming skills throughout the full Java stack Communicating technical problems to peers, architects and project managers while recommending creative solutions Contributing to a migration project moving an application from Oracle to SQL server Being a member of small, collaborative groups, with the opportunity to own your contributions as well as support your team Client-server architecture and Object-Oriented Programming concepts and design patterns Designing and implementing multi-threaded and multi-process large scale systems All tiers used in modern architecture (front-end, mid-tier, RESTful web services, messaging, data tier) J2EE technologies: Spring MVC, Spring Boot, React, Angular 2, Java, JPA, Hibernate, JSP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS MS SQL Modern front-end framework, such as Angular (1.x to 8), ReactJS Working with Oracle in a migration project Experience with databases and implementing scripts and stored procedures - Oracle, MySQL Medical and dental benefits RRSP matching Paid vacation time Annual training budget and professional development Profit sharing The flexibility of a software consulting environment Work/life balance and the ability to work remotely Growth opportunities in a company with a high retention rate Project variety and the ability to flex your creativity muscle The opportunity to join a supportive work culture where your opinions are valued A fun office environment with a startup vibe, including a fully stocked beer fridge, D&D and movies Summer BBQs, annual Christmas parties, team dinners and other social events 
ScrapedJobID1296:
Développement de logiciels pour la construction et l'extension de notre infrastructure de test Planification et préparation de l'installation d'essai Développement et exécution de tests automatisés Exécuter des tests manuels selon les besoins pour maintenir le rythme de développement Agile Membre de l'équipe Agile, composée de développeurs et analyste en assurance qualité, qui est responsable des prochaines versions. Participer activement aux processus Agile tout au long du développement du produit Accroître les capacités, la qualité et l'efficacité de l’assurance qualité Effectuer des tâches liées à la sécurisation et à la conservation des produits, des outils et des processus dont vous êtes responsable de la sécurisation. Développement de logiciels pour construire et étendre notre infrastructure de test Planification et préparation de la configuration des tests Développement et exécution de tests automatisés Exécution de l'assurance qualité manuelle si nécessaire pour maintenir le rythme de développement Agile Partie de l'équipe Agile composée de DEV et QA qui est responsable des prochaines versions. Participer activement aux processus agiles tout au long du développement du produit. Développer les capacités, la qualité et l'efficacité de l'AQ Effectuer des tâches liées à la sécurisation et à la conservation des produits, des outils et des processus que vous êtes chargé de sécuriser. Forte expérience en linux/unix Forte expérience avec toute base de données relationnelle ou big data DB Expérience en matière de tests cloud native Connaissance du traitement des données/de l'analyse des données Connaissance des tests back-end et front-end Capacité à analyser et à résoudre les problèmes rapidement et de manière créative. Solide bagage technique et capacité à apprendre rapidement des produits et des méthodologies de test complexes, ainsi que de solides compétences en matière de dépannage, axées sur le détail. Esprit d'équipe et attitude positive ; excellentes capacités de communication en anglais. Solides concepts de test et connaissance des processus d'AQ Expérience de l'utilisation d'outils basés sur la méthode Agile comme Jira. Expérience avec les scripts Shell/jmeter Expérience avec la programmation comme java/python Expérience du pipeline CI/CD et de docker/helm Software development towards building & extending our testing infrastructure Planning and preparing testing setup Developing and running automated tests Performing manual QA as needed to maintain Agile development pace Part of Agile team consisting of DEV & QA which is responsible for the upcoming releases Actively participate in agile processes throughout the product development Expand the QA capabilities, quality and efficiency Perform tasks related to securing and keeping the products, tools, and processes that you are responsible for securing Strong experience in linux/unix Strong experience with any relational database or big data DB Experience with cloud native testing Knowledge of data processing/data analytics Knowledge with both backend and front end testing Ability to analyze and solve problems quickly and creatively Strong technical background and ability to learn complex products and testing methodologies quickly as well as strong, detail-oriented troubleshooting skills Team player and positive attitude; excellent communications skills in English Strong testing concepts and knowledge of QA processes Experience of using Agile based tools like Jira Experience with Shell/jmeter scripting Experience with programming like java/python Experience CI/CD pipeline and docker/helm Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1297:
Day shift teaching: 1 year (preferred) mobile app development: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1298:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1299:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs – front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years software engineering experience including 3+ years experience programming in Java 3+ years experience as a JavaScript developer 2+ years experience with TypeScript and React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS ( S3, ECS, Lambda, etc ) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1300:
Strong development skills in Java/Spring (backend) and Angular (frontend) to support the team Coordinating, splitting and delegating development tasks Reviewing code of both internal and external team members Technical reviews with developers to ensure common understanding Providing technical/functional expertise within the team Coaching and mentoring junior/external team members Technical overview of the solution Ensuring high levels of motivation of the team Strong focus on high-quality from the team throughout the development process Taking part in customer-facing activities to ensure common business understanding Assisting in the interview process for developers and team leaders Ensuring excellent communication and collaboration between all internal and external teams This role involves working in a distributed environment with our international customers and has occasional overseas travel. Monthly travel between %0-%5MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, or based on an individual's status in any group or class otherwise protected under applicable human rights legislation. MPI encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled and all other qualified applicants 5+ years of experience 2+ years of Team lead exp. (will make exceptions for Senior Candidates) 
ScrapedJobID1301:
Work Business Users and IT Solutions team to translate requirements into software solutions and is expected to deliver high quality results within project schedule timelines. Experience developing in .NET, and .NET Core. Experienced person (at least 4 years) in software development. Web application development using HTML5, JavaScript, Typescript and CSS Expert in Angular Framework (3+ years of experience) Advanced working knowledge of Bootstrap, Angular Material and Angular Reactive Forms Testing frameworks – Mockito or other Strong experience in C# (3+ years of experience) Server-side REST API Development using ASP.NET Web API (C#)/.NET Core frameworks Advanced working knowledge of Entity Framework & LINQ PL/SQL or SQL, Stored procedure developing using an RDBMS preferably Oracle 12 Automated test case development using testing frameworks such as nUnit (C#) or xUnit.net (C#) Experience of one of the mocking frameworks like MOQ or Fake Agile Software Development, SCRUM Experienced in writing / consuming REST APIs, concept of Microservices Developing mobile responsive web applications API design and best practices Test driven development Evidence of SOLID and design pattern use OOP principles and design Version control practices using GIT Working knowledge of OAuth2, JWT for application authentication and authorization Full SDLC experience from collecting user stories and requirements to developing unit tests DevOps experience: Creating, maintaining a CI/CD pipeline in Azure DevOps Knowledge Linux Server Environment (Configuration, Maintenance and Development) Azure AD integration using ADAL, ADAL4J libraries 
ScrapedJobID1302:
Build new financial applications and high-quality features for Native Android applications. Work with Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement and support technical solutions across a full-stack of development tools and technologies. Provide support for testing engineers from inception to production. Identify gaps and solve problems to completion. Drive discovery of new capabilities and technologies. Direct and test strategy for overall delivery pipelines, and new product functionalities. 3 years of experience in Native Android development using Java and/or Kotlin. 1 year of experience conducting Acceptance Tests using Espresso and/or Unit testing with Robolectric. Understanding of architecture principles; MVVM, MVP, MVC, etc. Bachelor"s Degree or Diploma. Exposure to RXAndroid, Retrofit, Dagger 2, Android Components, Coroutines, Jetpack. Exposure to iOS development. Exposure to REST APIs. Familiarity with front-end technology and frameworks such as React or Angular. Experience with CI/CD pipeline development via Jenkins, Fastlane, Groovy. 
ScrapedJobID1303:
Help architect and design the next stage of the organizations digital systems and set organizational standards on patterns and library usage Lead digital delivery and engineers from best practice standpoint for scalable & accessible web applications and APIs with an emphasis on quality and automation Drive delivery of high quality products and features by working with cross-functional leads (product, design, marketing) to define, scope and prioritize upcoming projects Provide technical oversight to the breadth of engineering work on the team, participating directly in implementation as required. Implement a culture of continuous iteration and learning both on the product and team processes. Encourage and exemplify exceptional communication and collaboration on the team. Leverage these practices to help the team resolve ambiguity and make effective decisions. Mentor and help shape the technical culture across the organizations digital team and build technical bench strength Support & share best practices with teams and internal developer community as well as collaboration and stakeholder management with the broader team Effectively scale yourself by defining and delegating projects where appropriate, while continuing to Work in Agile team (Scrum, Kanban) – a passion for Agile methodology but the flexibility to think outside the scrum Enjoy and never hesitate to find opportunities to learn constantly and inspire those around you Proven ability to influence technology strategy and best practices across peer and leadership groups that support an agile\rapid development culture Outstanding communication skills (verbal and written) and ability to communicate with internal and external customers and all levels of management, including communicating technical information to nontechnical audiences Deep technical curiosity to learn and fill gaps in knowledge about systems you are responsible for. Able to learn and provide effective feedback to peers working on a wide breadth of technologies. Experience with engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, or application security Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, reliable and secure code using TDD principles as well as automated test cases Help analyze business requirements and suggest potential alternatives to their business partners as required keeping in mind simplicity in design of solutions Demonstrated track record of successfully understanding the business requirements and designing realistic and effective solutions Assist team with removing technical obstacles, barriers or limitations by provide options and solutions Participate in all scrum meetings demos/showcases with a strong voice at the table, keeping customer advocacy at the heart of all discussions Results orientated, strong collaboration and partnership with all teams and roles, and high ownership for your own and the teams work with emphasis on quality Have a passion for transforming, maturing and solving problems across all areas of the business Negotiating, influencing, effectively challenging and gaining commitment (impact and influence) Excellent knowledge of industry direction and trends within Web and Mobile application development University Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience demonstrating a proven track record Minimum 5-8 years of experience in building modern scalable web and mobile applications Minimum 3 years as senior technical team member or technical lead with proven track records of mentoring or guiding team members in technical aspects for on-time delivery with quality Experience with Springboot or any other Java frameworks NodeJS architecture and experience with architecting and developing NodeJS/Express based applications in a micro services environment Experience with Angular or similar front end javascript frameworks (React, Vue, etc.) Experience with Javascript based unit testing and e2e frameworks and code coverage. Javascript Scaffolding/Build tools (Angular-cli, Webpack, Eslint) Good understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Strong fundamentals in responsive design, CSS design and architecture. Experience with Bootstrap and Scss Good understanding of Relational (SQL) and NoSql databases (MongoDB). Strong understanding of best practices in performance tuning (Load time) and experience with using Chrome Dev Tools Experience with developing and designing backend services (Rest, Soap, etc.) Knowledge of modern software engineering practices like Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Continuous integration (Jenkins). Exposure to Git (Source Code Management) Bonus with experience on web accessibility standards and implementations Bonus with experience or strong knowledge on container technologies and best practices 
ScrapedJobID1304:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1305:
Working within an agile and cross-functional squad to ensure collaboration across design activities and work closely with a Content Designer to produce flows for the bank’s online banking. The main responsibility of the role is collaborating with other designers on the team as well as Product and Technology in order to shape exceptional digital self-serve features for our clients. Looking for a flexible designer (i.e., Strong Interaction + Skills in Visual) with a product mindset Collaborative, humble, open, critical thinkers, curious, data-driven BA/BS degree in Design (e.g., interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science (CS), or a related field or equivalent practical experience 4 - 7 years UX Interaction Design experience Strong focus on Product Design (Strong Visual skills with basic interaction skills) Demonstrated expertise with design, prototyping, and research tool Figma (other tools such as Sketch and InVision acceptable too) Has worked in an Agile setting and a proven track record of working closely with Product owners and developers Has experience working with a Design System Strong communication, collaboration and influence skills Has conducted or helped conduct qualitative or quantitative research Understands front-end development and its constraints Has content design skills 
ScrapedJobID1306:
Working within an agile and cross-functional squad to ensure collaboration across design activities and work closely with a Content Designer to produce flows for the bank’s online banking. The main responsibility of the role is collaborating with other designers on the team as well as Product and Technology in order to shape exceptional digital self-serve features for our clients. Looking for a flexible designer (i.e., Strong Interaction + Skills in Visual) with a product mindset Collaborative, humble, open, critical thinkers, curious, data-driven BA/BS degree in Design (e.g., interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science (CS), or a related field or equivalent practical experience Portfolio that includes web and/or mobile design samples 4-7 years UX Product Design experience Product Design focused (Strong Visual skills with basic interaction skills) Solid knowledge of Figma design tool (Figma is preferred but opens for other tools such as Sketch and Invision) Strong communication, collaboration and influence kills Has worked in an Agile setting and a proven track record of working closely with Product owners and developers Has experience working with a Design System Has conducted or helped conduct qualitative or quantitative research Understands front-end development and its constraints Has content design skills 
ScrapedJobID1307:
Build cross-platform applications Develop and maintain product features and content Craft product plans through product analytics Develop both web and mobile web pages Implement responsive web applications Create Rich Internet Applications for both web and mobile pages Contribute design considerations for new products or architectural changes to existing products Maintain and upgrade existing systems Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve bugs Work with Project Managers and designers to effectively plan and manage development tasks and project milestones Work with other team members to investigate and resolve software defects Research new technology to provide product innovation and/or problem resolution Contribute to the ongoing development, documentation and maintenance of programming and systems integration standards Adhere to company technical standards and processes Contribute and create an environment that promotes innovation, knowledge sharing and cross training At least 1 year of professional experience in a software development environment Post-secondary education in computing science, computer engineering or an equivalent program Experience with CSS, HTML, JavaScript / JQuery Knowledge of web frameworks (example: AngularJS) and web components as well as integrating with REST APIs Understanding of web standards, responsive design, and cross-browser compatibility Active problem solver with a willingness to challenge the status quo and make recommendations for improvements Ability to work on multiple projects within strict deadlines Sound decision making and time management skills Strong communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and/or as a collaborative team member Thrives in a high-paced, constantly changing technical environment Bonus : Experience with ES2015, mobile design patterns and web optimization. Bonus : Experience with SQL and working database experience 
ScrapedJobID1308:
Development of the website, which may include creating and testing templates for a Content Management System, coding backend tools and utilities Contribute creative, effective ways to display web content in accordance with marketing communication strategies Contribute web expertise to current enterprise-wide CRM/Sales project, including shopping cart functionality and integration capabilities with other key areas, such as finance Identify opportunities for continuous improvement and growth of websites, such as the creation of new pages, changes to the content of existing pages, and link building from relevant websites and partners Stay up-to-date on the latest trends in web design and development to provide recommendations regarding how they can be implemented to Pink Elephant’s website for continuously improving online presence Follow secure code best practices and assist with vulnerability assessments and risk analysis Audit website for weaknesses in all areas such as design, navigation, mobile-friendliness, broken links and other technical errors; make recommendations for change based on best practices Performs requirements and systems analysis for new and existing websites and web applications Developing full-stack business application code that is easily maintainable, highly reliable, and demonstrates knowledge of programming best practices Programs, tests, and implements new and existing websites and web applications Performs post-implementation analysis and documentation for new and existing websites and web applications Integrates web applications with various external APIs and web services and internal business applications Follows secure code best practices including vulnerability assessments and risk analysis Develops reports, SQL queries to extract database information Contributes to the design of new and existing websites and web applications Actively contributes to major projects with changing priorities and schedules, completing assigned tasks in a timely manner Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors allocated to projects Ensure project outcomes are aligned with defined requirements Maintain project plans and track progress Perform risk management to minimize project risks Create and maintain project documentation Report and escalate to management as needed Responds to customer inquiries in a timely manner, take all appropriate steps to resolve issues as quickly as possible Keeps customer perspective in mind when developing new functionalities Explains technical matters and programming issues in a manner that can be understood by non-technical people Post-secondary degree/diploma in computer science, computer engineering, systems analysis, computer programming or a related field 7+ years of related experience in advanced roles developing and supporting websites, web applications including shopping carts, customer databases, learning management systems, financial systems Experience working in a team environment Experience working with Microsoft and UNIX VM environments Thorough understanding of the .NET framework Demonstrated abilities with the following web applications: HTML, JavaScript, CSS Programming knowledge and experience with: PHP, ASP, SQL, .NET, C# Microsoft .NET (2.0/3.5), AJAX, ASP.NET, MVC is an asset Experience transforming UX designs and specifications to implementation Relational database management experience is required (SQL Server, MySQL database) Understanding and experience with the configuration of content management systems (CMS) and document management systems is a must) Excellent organization and time management skills to multi-task and prioritize effectively Strong written and oral communication skills Initiative/innovation focus on proactively identifying and addressing issues and seeks opportunities for continuous improvement Solid understanding of business objectives and processes and how technology can be leveraged to deliver business results; Strong results orientation; driven to deliver a high quality work product in a timely manner Teamwork and collaboration; able to work both independently and as part of a team, keeping key stakeholders informed Adaptable to changing and sometimes conflicting priorities, identifying and prioritizing critical organizational and project tasks Self-starter, collaborative, enthusiastic, able to work with minimal supervision Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships with multiple stakeholders Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment Understand and comfortable in performing at all levels from administrative to complex tasks 
ScrapedJobID1309:
Develop math models and algorithms Evaluating state-of-the-art statistical modeling and Machine Learning approaches using historical data Develop unique approaches to complex modeling and inference problems which combines market and trading knowledge with math approach to recognize patterns and trends in betting markets. Data Analysis, Visualization and Modeling with large datasets Data Acquisition, Cleaning, and Transformation Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience. 5+ years .NET Development experience. Devops experience is a strong asset 5+ years of experience as Software Developer, preferably using Microsoft .NET Framework (C# or VB.NET) 5+ years of experience with statistical programming languages, R strongly preffered Betting or markets experience is a strong asset Sports betting experience required for the upper end of the salary range Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends modern R packages: 2 years (preferred) Stan, Neural Networks or Deep Learning on large problems,: 3 years (preferred) SQL and SQL server: 2 years (preferred) Hadoop, MapReduce or High Performance Computing: 2 years (preferred) R or Python: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1310:
Work Business Users and IT Solutions team to translate requirements into software solutions and is expected to deliver high quality results within project schedule timelines. Experience developing in .NET, and .NET Core. Experienced person (at least 4 years) in software development. Web application development using HTML5, JavaScript, Typescript and CSS Expert in Angular Framework (3+ years of experience) Advanced working knowledge of Bootstrap, Angular Material and Angular Reactive Forms Testing frameworks – Mockito or other Strong experience in C# (3+ years of experience) Server-side REST API Development using ASP.NET Web API (C#)/.NET Core frameworks Advanced working knowledge of Entity Framework & LINQ PL/SQL or SQL, Stored procedure developing using an RDBMS preferably Oracle 12 Automated test case development using testing frameworks such as nUnit (C#) or xUnit.net (C#) Experience of one of the mocking frameworks like MOQ or Fake Agile Software Development, SCRUM Experienced in writing / consuming REST APIs, concept of Microservices Developing mobile responsive web applications API design and best practices Test driven development Evidence of SOLID and design pattern use OOP principles and design Version control practices using GIT Working knowledge of OAuth2, JWT for application authentication and authorization Full SDLC experience from collecting user stories and requirements to developing unit tests DevOps experience: Creating, maintaining a CI/CD pipeline in Azure DevOps Knowledge Linux Server Environment (Configuration, Maintenance and Development) Azure AD integration using ADAL, ADAL4J libraries 
ScrapedJobID1311:
Entrepreneurial culture and environment seeking world domination in digital transformation for Industrial IoT Detechtion’s products enable companies to operate more efficiently which has resonated well since COVID-19. Our Customer base continues to grow. Detechtion remains on a record setting revenue pace for 2021. Detechtion is a stable and well known IIoT provider pioneering the way to Digital Transformation in the Oil and Gas Industry. Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications Creating server scripts, testing code and deployment Coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure Take total ownership in the quality of code and all aspects - from back-end services to their front/client-end counterparts Document, document, document. Ensure there is a clear trail anyone to follow Post- secondary education in engineering, science or a relevant technical degree, diploma or certificate or intense coding bootcamp programs 5 years as a full stack developer Proficient in C#, with a good knowledge of its ecosystems Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Familiarity with app development frameworks like Dart / Flutter, jquery mobile or cordova Familiarity with NoSQL database like couchdb or mongodb · Familiarity with PostgreSQL database Familiarity with Linux and Shell scripting C# Javascript HTML ASP .Net XAML CSS Bash Powershell .Net Core .Net Framework React Angular Dart / Flutter Jquery Mobile / Cordova WPF RDBMS (SQL Server, PostgreSQL) NoSQL (CouchDB, MongoDB) Azure AWS Azure Devops GIT Jira Agile A high level of commitment and impeccable ethics combine to create your reputation as someone who is totally dependable. A lifelong learner. Energized by the steady and deliberate journey from new tool to fully competent. Introspective, you like to think. Its exercise for the brain. It can come in the form of solving a problem or developing new ways to tackle problems. You are at your best when you have the time to follow an intellectual trail and see where it leads. Competitive base salary and incentive plan Benefits – full health coverage 100% company paid There are no robots reading resumes here! We will personally read every resume/application and provide a response A coding test that will take about 1-2 hours will be part of the hiring process Criminal background check and pre-employment drug test are mandatory The above description is a summary of responsibilities and is not an exhaustive list of duties. A comprehensive job description will be provided to you in the interviewing process. Mobile phone (bring your own device and we will reimburse a percentage) and laptop are provided. We welcome all qualified candidates to apply, the diversity of our workforce reflects the communities and customers we serve. Professional references will be required. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends C#: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1312:
Provide AI/Machine Learning and Data Science skills as required to advance our AI innovations or client project requirements using AI methods. This includes both end user Interface development (Front End) and Back End Technical support. Providing technical leadership at the corporate level by setting priorities for the technical team and developing objectives and strategies in identifying, comparing, selecting, and implementing solutions. Lead system and quality assurance processes to ensure the protection of the company’s technical assets, while maintaining and evolving technology needs. Making recommendations and presenting business advantages for technology initiatives and improvements in line with policies, standards, current regulatory actions, technological innovations, and fiduciary considerations. Tracking and controlling the developments of annual operating and capital budgets for purchasing, staffing and technology operations. Advocating and communicating technology capabilities internally and externally, including leadership with our customers, partners, and vendors. Conducting research to remain up-to-date and knowledgeable regarding industry trends and emerging technologies, as well as leading internal R&D to maintain a technological advantage for teaching and learning, in partnership with strategic suppliers or institutions (governmental, educational or others) Proactively establish relationships and meet with current and potential customers to demonstrate the company's credentials at solving problems with technically-differentiated solutions. Responsible for the development and mentoring of a mid to senior level technical staff. Prepare SRED claims as required working with the Chief Data Scientist, CEO and Finance Team. 5 + years of programming experience is required as a full-stack software engineer. You have work experience in early stage / start-up Software Commercialization companies. You have strong communication skills given client interactions in set-up and configuration requirements, or developing custom functional specifications. You have proven success building high-performing technical teams and working with rapid growth and implementing change You are a strategic thinker and effective communicator offering expertise in technological development and the demonstrated ability to implement and execute organizationally. You bring knowledge and experience with Agile software development and agile scrumming practices and ensuring effective logging of software developments. Java Experience in database design, development, and enhancement. Specifically with SQL or related / Mongo (or other NoSQL) Working experience and knowledge of Amazon server infrastructure and technical operations Advanced experience in application design, development and implementation of medium to large database projects supporting Software as a Service (SaaS) Applications Javascript + AngularJS (or similar front-end framework), html + css Experience with SalesForce CRM Integrations Experience with version control i.e. Github and maintaining documentation function/feature practices Mongo Database (Structured and Unstructured data) Redis Experience with unix/linux AI/Data Sciences: Python: numpy / pandas / scikit /WEKA Android Stack for Mobile Application Development PowerBI (Advanced Analytics visualizations) Data Wrangling. – data science skills and advanced analytics Amazon Infrastructure Operations NLP (GPT-3 / Bert) Documenting Source Code Documentation and disciplined software development practices (ie: ticket logging in Assembla) You will be able to work with acclaimed thought leaders in the field of AI, Data Sciences, and Software as a Service, both in the company and also interact with our prestigious board of directors, and board advisors. You will work in a culture that values inclusiveness and diversity. You will have access to health and wellness and fitness benefits to ensure you keep healthy and strong in body, mind and spirit. You will participate in a corporate culture that values weekly open communication - Happy Snappy Monday to keep employees informed of company developments and highlights to recognize on a continual basis employee performance - weekly happy shout outs to give thanks. You will have a holiday incentive package that is generous and customized to your personal and family needs - ie: the office fully closes between xmas and new years, statutory holidays and three weeks of vacation. Access to attend educational and training forums as required that support the company’s business goals and your personal growth needs. You will have a financial incentive package with a base of $100K+, plus year end bonus, plus equity participation in the company shareholder agreement. Salary is commensurate with work experience and meeting business needs. Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have at least 5+ years of programming experience as a full-stack software engineer? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1313:
8+ years of overall software development experience Development experience on: Java, Oracle, PL/SQL Performance engineering experience: JVM tuning, fixing memory leaks, profiling apps/services Site reliability engineering exposure: application performance monitoring using Dynatrace or similar tool, logging using ELK stack or similar Other required hands-on technical expertise: setting up and tuning Redis cache, Apache Camel orchestration On the back-end side, a minimum of 3-5 years of experience building server-side apps using Java 8+, Spring Boot, Spring framework, Hibernate and creating web services or APIs using REST (and SOAP), is a must On the front-end side, a minimum of 2-3 years of JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 2+, HTML, CSS and AJAX experience is a must On the database side, 2-3 years of experience with relational databases such as Oracle 11+, PL/SQL, and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB or Elasticsearch is preferred On the architecture side, knowledge and awareness about Service Oriented Architecture, Mesh App, and Service Architecture is important On the design side, a great level of Object-Oriented Analysis and Design experience and a good understanding of the UX design principles is ideal Knowledge and experience in test-driven development, microservices, event-driven implementation using Kafka is a bonus 
ScrapedJobID1314:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift Front-end development: 2 years (preferred) RESTful/SOAP/GraphQL based web services: 2 years (preferred) NodeJS, Python or Golang: 2 years (preferred) Mandarin (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1315:
Develop and support of branch and insurance systems. Understands Canadian Retail Banking and Insurance from several points of view and aligns IT&S systems and processes to address critical information and technical requirements Acts as the Subject Matter Expert/Mentor and holds overall accountability for technical requirements review and the implementation of projects Participate in design discussions on scalability, performance, security, Microservices best practices Guide and mentor developers through technical issues and challenges – be “hands on” and contribute to the coding and development efforts directly Participates in all phases of the IT System Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Responsible for representing and successfully navigating projects through the internal Bank processes. Provides expert knowledge of cross-functional and business processes, policies and systems and works to influence peers and senior management to adopt, implement and align Participates as technical or business consultant in design, development, coding, testing, and debugging new packaged solutions or significant enhancements to existing applications. 8+ years of experience in server-side development with Java, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot/Batch with an emphasis on REST services 5+ years of experience with relational or no SQL databases. Excellent Computer Science Fundamentals; Object Oriented Design; Java Design Patterns. Proficiency in using Git for source code repository; Maven and Jenkins for build; Previous experience designing mission critical systems in an agile environment 10+ years of experience with programming, developing APIs, and building database. Previously worked as a lead developer or technical lead 10+ years of service side development experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot with an emphasis on Web or REST services. Experience with REST, Microservices Architecture, Event Driven Architecture Experience with ElasticSearch, Kafka, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Sql Server, Redis, Kibana, Grafana, Prometheus, Logstash, Ansible, Docker. Experience with multithreading. Understanding of cloud-based deployment Experience with Spark, Power BI, Tableau, SAS, Python and other data analytic programs is a definite asset We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1316:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Design the overall technological architecture and design of the solution Guide project teams on technology strategy Work with software development leadership to build a roadmap for implementing software engineering practices for higher code quality Share responsibility with Product Owner for building reusable and scalable components Mentor and coach the development team with code reviews, skill sharing, and productive feedback Challenge the status quo and seek new and better ways of solving technical problems Domain specialist in the design and implementation of data-intensive cloud-based analytics solutions Deeply in touch with current best practices in diverse relevant technologies including containerization, microservices, automation CI/CD Ability to lead architecture decisions at a team and product level Experience working on projects that span multiple organizations and business units Extensive experience as a software developer on Agile teams Strong communication skills with ability to align organization on complex decisions Active coach and mentor who can grow and maximize the team’s potential Technological adventurer, exploring new solutions outside standard approved approaches Embraces a culture of trust and transparency Self-starter who embraces a culture of transparency and trust, and thrives in an environment of rapid change and growth 
ScrapedJobID1317:
Primarily focused on development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust capabilities for Canadian Banking Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis. 2+ years experience with React/REdux front end development is required. 2+ years experience with Spring Boot back-end development is required. Experience with coaching team members with React/Redux front-end and Sprig Boot back-end best practises is required. Experience with reviewing code, product solutions, architectural design, etc is required Experience with designing documentation and other internal materials is considered essential Having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic is considered essential. Experience with NodeJS/Cloud Development is considered a plus. Experience working in an agile environment. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience in building automated self-serve solutions for end users and adopters would be considered a strong asset. Experience in defining current and future state for products and the associated roadmaps would be considered a strong asset. Attention to details, high standards for quality, ability to balance risk with technological advancements. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and influencing skills with ability to build and foster relationships with business users, project stakeholders, strategic technology partners and external vendors and clients. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1318:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1319:

ScrapedJobID1320:
Wide array of social benefits including health insurance and all sorts of things 100% remote position 4 weeks of vacation The salary that you deserve Huge career advancement opportunity as the team is growing very fast Contribute substantially to design and development of major components and sub-systems using Java platform Improve current architecture and design to meet ever increasing demand on performance and scalability Work with Product Management, QA and documentation to deliver high quality, complete Software Releases Provide technical guidance and mentoring to incoming members of the Montreal Development team Contribute/help the company on the transition to move from monolith to Microservices ecosystem Several years of related experience as either Front-End, Back-End or Full Stack Developer Solid Java 8+ and its' ecosystem Solid knowledge of several of the following technologies and methodologies : Experience with responsive design and deep understanding of Object-Oriented design Experience with performance debugging and benchmarking Ability to work independently with little supervision and collaborate in a team setting 
ScrapedJobID1321:
5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience in the JavaScript ecosystem Significant experience with front-end web development specifically with React Adept at React State Management leveraging Redux 1+ year of professional experience spanning JQuery, Cypress, Puppeteer & Gherkin test frameworks 1+ year of experience leveraging a combination of: HTML5, CSS3/SASS, Jest, Enzyme, Mocha, MaterialUI API Driven design and development Solid analysis, documentation, and client-facing skills A strong curiosity about our clients' business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge Consulting skills reflecting team building, flexibility, and customer service Demonstrated ability working in a geographically distributed onshore and offshore development team Ability to demonstrate skills in analysis, design, implementation, and development process Must currently reside in Canada and be eligible to work for any employer to apply (we exclusively hire direct salaried employees) Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1322:

ScrapedJobID1323:
Designs enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of end-user applications software running on web-based platforms Analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on general objectives and knowledge of overall architecture of product or solution Identifies, debugs and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into application architecture Collaborates and communicates with management, internal, and outsourced development partners regarding software applications design status, project progress, and issue resolution Represents the software applications engineering team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects Provides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff members Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Web frontend development (javascript, html5/CSS, react, angular, etc.) Designing and coding software applications running on multiple platforms Debugging, Test-Driven-Development, Unit Tests Experience in Object Oriented design Familiarity with Web development languages, protocols and tools (with Model-View-Controller). Experienced in Agile methodologies Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at management levels. Database querying and design Cloud platforms architectures (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) Jenkins, Chef, Git Knowledge of Jest, Enzyme or Testing Library (unit test), Selenium or other E2E test framework Pair programming/XP development 
ScrapedJobID1324:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django Experience working with databases and writing SQL queries (Ideally SQL Server) Experience with REST API Analytical with the ability to produce creative and effective software solutions to problems Strong communication skill Experience GitHub or other SCM tools Experience building RestAPI using Django Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (required) Django: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1325:
Implement UI web applications via hands on ReactJS coding, and coding of automated unit and integration tests of components Understand the user stories assigned to your team, help manage and resolve or escalate issues faced by your team, and understand the progress of your team so you can represent them in higher-level status updates and discussions (e.g. Biweekly Program Reviews and Weekly Scrum of Scrums) Provide oversight, coaching and guidance to other Software Developers on designing and building ReactJS components and UI applications Perform code reviews for the code written by your team, promoting UI best practices and coding standards for the implementation of clean JavaScript/ES6 code and ReactJS components Collaborate with UI Architect to follow best practices for project’s code organization and data architecture, and the design of clean, reusable components Leverage components and applications applying UI design patterns, clean interface principles, and compliance standards Work closely with the Product Owner, Product Manager, UI Architect and UI/UX Designers to develop screens and screen flows that meet their requirements Occasionally design and develop RESTful APIs to help implement or improve UI features as necessary Provide performance testing inputs, improvement analysis and suggestions Help to implement POC systems/demoes as required for products Analyze the wider implication of changes and enhancements Work closely with the Sales team to assist with presentations, demos, etc. Help troubleshoot development and production problems as needed Actively participate in Agile scrum and SAFe ceremonies 
ScrapedJobID1326:
5-10 years of hands-on experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot, JQuery, Hibernate, Tomcat, Oracle Database, Unix, Shell scripts. Nice to have experience: Docker Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1327:
At least 5 years of experience in web application development Good knowledge of JavaScript Strong knowledge of React, experience with Redux and React Hooks Experience with automated front-end frameworks Strong understanding in HTML, CSS and styled-component Experience with frontend-backend integration using REST API Ability to break down user stories into sprint deliverable tasks Experience with source control tool like Git/GitLab Agile based SW development Programming languages: JavaScript and Java Frameworks: React (hooks), ORM, NPM Source code control: GitLab Docker Microservices HTML, CSS and styled-component development At least 5 years of experience in web application development Good knowledge of JavaScript Strong knowledge of React, experience with Redux and React Hooks Experience with automated front-end frameworks Strong understanding in HTML, CSS and styled-component Experience with frontend-backend integration using REST API Ability to break down user stories into sprint deliverable tasks Experience with source control tool like Git/GitLab SCRUM/Agile based development experience Micro-frontend architecture experience Experience with front-end TDD Basic knowledge of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases (e.g. MariaDB) 
ScrapedJobID1328:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1329:
You have a product first mentality You obsess over perfecting the execution of designs with code You love being able to share your opinions on designs You want to do things the right way, not necessarily the easy way You seek out ways to leverage industry standards, frameworks, and tools (where it makes sense), rather than always having to reinvent the wheel Bring expertise of design systems to guide both engineers and designers on best practices Help set the methodologies followed for frontend development Collaborate with other engineers and the Product team to define clear deliverables and establish project milestones Take ownership of features from end to end by going through design, implementation, testing, and maintenance phases Lead engineers by example and processes Identify opportunities to improve existing code or architecture Stay up to date with best practices and emerging technologies 5+ years of experience building JavaScript applications Experience working as a designer for software applications is a plus Care about quality, both in your product design and codebase Deep understanding of ES6 and frontend frameworks (Angular and TypeScript are a plus) Deep understanding of CSS, CSS preprocessors (e.g., SASS/LESS), and design frameworks (e.g., Material, Bootstrap, etc.) Solid experience with code design methodologies (e.g., BEM) Solid understanding of the full web stack (e.g., HTTP, headers, caching, etc.) Belief in automated tests and taking ownership over the quality of your code Experience working collaboratively, participating in code reviews and being a great teammate 
ScrapedJobID1330:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Svelte Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny front-end UX improvements to broad infrastructure changes spanning multiple codebases Debugging and identifying front-end or API related issues Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred JavaScript experience - Advanced JS,Svelte, ES6, Webpack, Rollup Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1331:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID1332:
Introduce original ideas and best practices. You will ensure our lead generation and revenue growth needs are accurately and effectively represented through website functionality and enhanced user experience. You will continuously iterate and improve our web presence, researching new tools, fine-tuning performance, and implementing best practices. Interpret and code. You will translate our brand and demand generation strategies to our websites, landing pages, and more, optimizing site performance, including cross-browser compatibilities, page load time, broken links, SEO, and CRO. You will design, develop, test and analyze, and deploy new or improved functionality and features across our websites. You will manage multiple website domains in collaboration with our marketing team and agencies. You will draw on various front-end development skills, design, and marketing, build new landing pages to support marketing initiatives, and collaborate with web designers and digital marketers to maximize the effectiveness of campaigns and search performance. Manage the details. You will ensure the site content remains fresh and relevant, managing hundreds of links and redirects as necessary. You will leverage reporting, analytics, and our marketing technology stack to optimize strategy and execution continuously. You will provide detailed reports and proactive solutions to the team and senior leaders. The education. You have a postsecondary degree or diploma. The technical expertise. You have 5+ years of experience developing B2B web features and functionality. You have expertise with: PHP and JavaScript as well as HTML, CSS, XML Web content management systems such as WordPress and web hosts such as WP Engine SEO and deep understanding of current best practices. Front end development and engaging UI/UX design and layout. The communication and interpersonal skills. Your oral, written, and presentation skills are outstanding. You can easily build a positive, professional relationship with stakeholders at any level. 
ScrapedJobID1333:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights. And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces. Experience with Google Analytics and Tag Manager. 
ScrapedJobID1334:
8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1335:
5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience in the JavaScript ecosystem Significant experience with front-end web development specifically with React Adept at React State Management leveraging Redux 1+ year of professional experience spanning JQuery, Cypress, Puppeteer & Gherkin test frameworks 1+ year of experience leveraging a combination of: HTML5, CSS3/SASS, Jest, Enzyme, Mocha, MaterialUI API Driven design and development Solid analysis, documentation, and client-facing skills A strong curiosity about our clients' business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge Consulting skills reflecting team building, flexibility, and customer service Demonstrated ability working in a geographically distributed onshore and offshore development team Ability to demonstrate skills in analysis, design, implementation, and development process Must currently reside in Canada and be eligible to work for any employer to apply (we exclusively hire direct salaried employees) Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1336:
Attractive Salary structure Vision & Dental Life Insurance Critical Illness Extended Health Benefits RRSP Match Great work culture & amazing people Free Parking Casual Dress Flexible work hours Full-time permanent position. Encouraging and Positive work environment. Fun company gatherings, luncheons, and other perks! Develop an aesthetically appealing front-end applications that are eye catching, user friendly and make data-based decision making fun and easy. Building a functional frontend & a scalable backend Debugging production issues and implementing fixes. Write efficient and concise SQL queries to use within our app, for reporting data metrics. Managing the integrity of the data within our databases. Designing and building systems for maximum performance, reliability, and scalability. Work closely with device hardware team, quality assurance, product, and data teams to create a customer experience that furthers our high standards. 3-5+ years of full-stack experience in writing and maintaining customer-facing cloud applications and backend APIs in a production level environment. 2+ years of experience in implementation of external integrations using REST/GraphQL APIs. Expertise in AWS IoT, AWS Timestream (possibly also PostgreSQL), AWS Lambda (Python and Node). Knowledge of SQL and relational & non-relational databases. Experience with AWS or other cloud service. Skilled in queuing services, in-memory data stores, websocket management, monitoring & alerts, and continuous integration techniques A strong self-starter, operationally focused; a problem-solver. Excellent interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday What is your salary expectation? Do you live in BC? Can you work in a hybrid work arrangement onsite and offsite as required? 
ScrapedJobID1337:
Work on problems with your teams, roll up your sleeves, form an opinion, and advocate for engineering-specific roadmap items. Mentor and lead a small team of developers while also providing growth opportunities. You understand that leadership is a craft, and know how to mentor your team members to help them grow and succeed. Help your team ship exceptional user experiences and establish clear definitions of quality. Build accessible, responsive, performant experiences, and educate teams across UX and Marketing on why this matters. Evaluate and provide supportive and constructive feedback to your reports. Partner closely with content design and marketing design leadership peers to strategize, problem solve, and take our teams to the next level. Proven senior leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allow you to develop and mentor other leads as well as build credibility with your team, while executing broader engineering strategies. Strong communication skills and the ability to influence and advocate for the Frontend Development craft. You feel comfortable diving into the code and interacting with developers at all levels of seniority and have a commitment and drive for quality, technical excellence, and results. Experience building responsive, performant, and accessible web experiences that engage audiences through the use of animation and complex interactions. Working with modern web stacks (transpilers, linters, build and CI tools, etc.). Experience designing and developing APIs, working with Content Management Systems, and Design Systems. A passion for efficiency and collaboration, with a history of establishing great relationships across UX, Engineering, Marketing, Leadership, Product Marketing, Data, and SEO teams distributed across multiple time zones. You are comfortable working with senior stakeholders (Director level and up), both technical and non technical. Has proven experience representing the front end development craft through presentations, workshops and articles. Working in an agency or creative environment delivering large-scale, multi-language websites, microsites, landing pages, and campaigns with complex internationalization and localization requirements. A deep understanding of one or more specific client-side areas like animation, web performance, or accessibility for example. Experimentation and evaluation methodologies to help inform decisions with real-world data. 
ScrapedJobID1338:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1339:
Participate in software development activities including resolving defects, adding new features to the product, code reviews, creating unit tests to support continuous integration and build systems, and generating documentation and wikis to support the team and other groups within LMI. Work closely with GUI developers and QA team members. Changes in firmware often involve making changes to our protocol, so documentation and communication are important. Drive development activities including collaboration with other LMI software or hardware teams. When limits in the product are stretched, this can be a rewarding opportunity to interact with the many facets of development at LMI. Partner with Product Management to flesh out user stories as part of the development process as well as narrow down the requirements, and clarify test strategies with QA. Proactively contribute to and implement continuous improvement initiatives. Adhere to LMI Employee Policy Manual. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science 2+ years work experience in a disciplined software development environment. Proficiency with C. Experience with C++ is an asset as well Understanding of object-oriented programming and design philosophy Embedded development and testing experience Understanding of concurrency and multi-threading, memory management, and hardware-software interfaces TCP/UDP/IP networking experience Ability to work in a team environment and to be accountable for your performance and documentation Experience with Agile development processes Proficiency in English, both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1340:
Fournir des services de création et de développement à l'équipe marketing; Posséder une réflexion digitale et une compréhension des nouvelles plateformes et des tendances dans le domaine; Assurer un support et une continuation avec la vision donnée pour les objectifs d’entreprise; Participer à l’élaboration de « wireframes », « userflows », « sitemaps » et designs fonctionnels en plus de tout le matériel nécessaire pour l’intégration des projets, réalisés autant à l’interne qu’à l’externe; Gérer les calendriers de production des projets en collaboration avec les équipes marketing et les designers internes/externes; Travailler avec des partenaires, des agences et des fournisseurs pour faciliter l'avancement du projet; Fournir un soutien et une gestion de projet du début à la fin; Fournir des services d'ajustement de format, de composition, de mise en page et de modification d'actifs sur demande; Fournir des services de développement généraux et créatifs pour les placements publicitaires numériques; Observer et maintenir les normes graphiques de l'entreprise en ce qui concerne tous les logos, images et visuels du Cirque; Archiver tous les documents créatifs numériques, imprimés au besoin, et les documents photographiques; Proposer des plans de projet pour atteindre le résultat souhaité et conseiller les chefs de projets sur les échéanciers de développement; Coordonner le processus d'approbation interne des documents créatifs numériques. Diplôme ou autre expérience pertinente dans le domaine de création digitale; Expérience en agence ou dans un poste similaire; Minimum de 5 ans d’expérience pertinente; Bonne culture générale; Grande créativité et curiosité; Connaissance exceptionnelle des logiciels de design graphique Expérience avec les logiciels Figma, Adobe XD ou Sketch; Expérience en tests utilisateurs; Expérience en vigie UX (best practices); Connaissance en motion design et montage vidéo; Force en typographie; Expérience avec les concepts de "components" et design modulaire (un atout); Connaissances de base ou avancées avec la mise en place, le maintien et l'évolution d'un "Design System" (un atout); Qualité d’organisation et suivi de projet du début à la fin; Capacité à bien communiquer, expliquer ses concepts et les détailler; Compréhension et connaissance des médias sociaux; Être une personne passionnée, collaborative et doit être apte à recevoir de la rétroaction en lien avec le travail fourni; Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais, écrit et oral. Provide creative and development services to the marketing team; Possess digital thinking and an understanding of new platforms and trends in the field; Provide support and continuation with the given vision for corporate objectives; Participate in the development of "wireframes", "userflows", "sitemaps" and functional designs in addition to all the material necessary for the integration of projects, carried out both internally and externally; Manage project production schedules in collaboration with marketing teams and internal / external designers; Work with partners, agencies and suppliers to facilitate the progress of the project; Provide project support and management from start to finish; Provide format adjustment, composition, layout and asset modification services on request; Provide general and creative development services for digital ad placements; Observe and maintain the graphic standards of the company with regard to all logos, images and visuals of the Cirque; Archive all digital creative documents, printed as needed, and photographic documents; Propose project plans to achieve the desired result and advise project managers on development timelines; Coordinate the internal approval process for digital creative documents. Diploma or other relevant experience in the field of digital creation; Experience in an agency or in a similar position; Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; Good general culture; Great creativity and curiosity; Exceptional knowledge of graphic design software Experience with Figma, Adobe XD or Sketch software; Experience in user testing; Experience in UX monitoring (best practices); Knowledge of motion design and video editing; Strength in typography; Experience with the concepts of "components" and modular design (an asset); Basic or advanced knowledge with the establishment, maintenance and evolution of a "Design System" (an asset); Quality of organization and monitoring of the project from start to finish; Ability to communicate well, explain concepts and detail them; Understanding and knowledge of social media; Experience in working collaboratively with a Front end Developer team; Be a passionate, collaborative person and must be able to receive feedback in connection with the work provided; Fluency in French and English, written and oral. 
ScrapedJobID1341:
The QA Test Automation Developer will work alongside Developers, System Analysts, Business Analysts and Operations Engineers to perform day-to-day duties including, but not limited to: Developing and maintaining test automation frameworks for CREA products Interacting with systems analysts, business analysts and development teams to develop a strong understanding of project and testing objectives Designing and creating test conditions and scripts to address the business and technical use cases Using tools and techniques to execute automated test cases and build/script new tools for performing testing/validation function Executing the test scripts, documenting and reporting the test results Documenting, tracking and escalating issues as appropriate using existing bug reporting systems Participating in the troubleshooting and triage of issues with different teams to drive towards root cause identification and resolution Building and configuring testing environments Maintaining the testing code and automated regression test case repository Training other QA staff to create automated test cases and execute automated tests Supporting production deployment of applications and services, performing validation testing (occasionally) during off-hours maintenance windows Experience building and maintaining test automation frameworks using Selenium WebDriver C#, NUnit, RESTSharp, SQLClient, Jason, XML Experience developing test automation scripts for APIs, backend (DBs and data processing applications) and websites Knowledge of .net core and .net framework Solid knowledge of SQL including developing and executing SQL queries to test data-intensive applications Solid understanding and working experience in manual and automated testing of RESTful Webservices Experience with developing test automation for iOS and Android native apps is a big asset - Appium, SpecFlow, etc. Experience with Agile, Continuous Integration including YAML and DevOps practices. Working experience with Azure DevOps is an asset Experience in the development of test strategies and automation for front-end and back-end software solutions. Working knowledge of scripting languages (Windows batch, bash, Python, Perl etc.) Experience working with virtualization as a development and deployment tool. Proven expertise in troubleshooting, debugging and root-cause analysis. Bug tracking, version control and test management tools Strong written and verbal communication skills and presentation skills Work independently and as part of a group A commitment to quality and a thorough approach to detail Ability to work well under pressure and handle multiple deadlines and projects Be a problem owner and solver with a logical and analytical approach to solving issues Self-sufficient, highly motivated, resourceful individual Proficient in French language – an asset Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science (or related field) or relevant experience. 8 hour shift Ottawa, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Test automation: 3 years (preferred) Selenium WebDriver C#, NUnit, RESTSharp, SQLClient, Jason: 3 years (preferred) SQL developing and executing SQL queries: 3 years (preferred) Manual and Automated testing of RESTful webservices: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1342:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1343:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field, Master’s degree an asset 7+ years of software development experience Able to code complex features with TypeScript Experience with Kubernetes Understand event-driven architecture & pub/sub pattern Experience developing backend services Experience with databases at scale Confident with the development of REST APIs Able to write different levels of tests (Unit, Contract, Integration, E2E) Proficiency in Git Strong written and verbal communication skills in English TypeScript / NodeJS React AWS Lambda GitHub / Jenkins Relational and Document databases DynamoDB an asset Milestone: Develop and maintain software to improve productivity in our Studio. 
ScrapedJobID1344:
Hands on contribution with .Net Core code Collaborate with other development teams on design and implementation of features spanning multiple products Perform Test-Driven and Security-Driven Development Analyze call stacks, trace files, performance data to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of bugs. Participate in development of prototypes, minimum viable products and PoCs 5+ years experience of coding in C#/ .Net (Preference for .Net Core) Strong knowledge of Microsoft based technologies (C#/ .Net) or other object oriented programming languages Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS, GCP) Experience with SQL database design, optimization and writing queries. Experience with Messaging queues such as Kafka, Google PubSub, RabbitMQ Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable in a flat organization Post-Secondary Diploma/Degree specialization in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field Docker GCP Kubernetes Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries and JavaScript frameworks(e.g. Angular, React, Node.js, Vue.js) and experience with UI/UX design Overtime pay Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1345:

ScrapedJobID1346:
New system that is being implementing: Loan IQ is a corporate lending platform. Looking for resources to implement and support the new platform Primarily back-end work, with some UI on the front end (main tech stack is Java) Assist the Senior Manager/Project Manager in resolving highly complex, multi-faceted problems to meet the needs of the supported Line of Business Designing and developing high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems and delivering high-availability and performance using Java and related technologies. Contributing in all phases of the development lifecycle Leading various activities in the SDLC (requirement, design, development, testing and implementation) Continuous adopting appropriate new technology to meet new requirement for the job Use diplomacy, judgment, and persuasion to secure agreement and co-operation from departments involved in a project Working with architecture, other upstream and downstream integration teams, other developers in their team, BAs, and QAs Primarily back-end work, with some UI on the front end (main tech stack is Java) 5+ years back end: Java Spring, Spring Boot Strong SQL: ability to manipulate data and create complex queries is required Familiar and experienced with Microservices architecture, including using RESTful API to develop enterprise solution Familiar and experienced with Linux OS and Shell Scripting Familiar and experienced with relational DBMS, e.g., MS-SQL Familiar and experienced with CICD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery) Analytical mindset with strong problem-solving capability Works independently Works well with team and picks up on tasks quickly Good attitude Motivated Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Experience in front end development using Java Vaadin Experience within capital markets or banking technology team Understand Python programming Experience with corporate lending and Solid understanding of Loan IQ Understand technology aspects: architecture, integration, etc. Business intelligence tools e.g., Power BI/Business Objects/Cognos 
ScrapedJobID1347:
4+ years of experience in back-end development, preferably in Java + Spring 4+ years of experience in front-end development, preferably in Angular Strong programming skills (multithreading, asynchronous programming) 
ScrapedJobID1348:
Invite solutions which account for scalability and optimize performance Collaborate within an agile team to understand business needs and work through complex business processes to create solutions that align with the company goals Outline and enact back end and front end components and services Analyze new technologies and design prototypes for continuing improvements Uphold top programming practices and standards Construct excellent production-ready code in an agile environment 5+ years of software development experience with specialization in React and Ruby on Rails Strong FE experience with HAML, HTML, SCSS, CSS Experience with creating and consuming WebAPI's Knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems, MySQL, Postgress, MSSQL, etc 
ScrapedJobID1349:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of software development experience using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Asset: exposure with front-end development using JavaScript frameworks such as Angular, Vue, React, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1350:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1351:

ScrapedJobID1352:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID1353:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1354:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Previous experience working as a React.js developer Extensive experience and knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and other front-end technologies and concepts Knowledge of React tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux, Flux, etc Experience with user interface design Knowledge of performance testing frameworks such as Mocha and Jest Extensive experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Extensive experience working with REST APIs and/or OData 
ScrapedJobID1355:

ScrapedJobID1356:
Develop high-quality, high-functioning and beautiful websites for our internal projects and for our clients Collaborate with design and copy teams to translate campaigns and activations into optimized web elements - including websites, microsites, landing pages, integrations, systems, and forms Integrate with third-party APIs and mobile apps Develop internal web-based dashboards and client portals Implement UX designs that meet business objectives and user needs Partner with creative to realize the best work and offer solutions that look as good as they work 
ScrapedJobID1357:
Write, debug, deploy, and document code for client-facing products components in a clean, well-structured, easily maintainable format. Write technically challenging code that interfaces with internal and external systems. Program large-scale, high-volume websites in a load-balanced or web farm/cloud environment Program multilingual websites, including using techniques to Search Engine Optimize (SEO) Maintain and support multiple projects and deadlines Be responsible for the reliability and maintenance of customer-facing web applications, including at times after-hours support Propose solutions to problems and consider timeliness, effectiveness, and practicality in addressing client needs. Conduct ongoing enhancements and defect resolution to existing applications Ensure cross-browser compatibility and web standards on all solutions Meet project expectations and produce high-quality deliverables on time and within budget Self-starter or takes initiative Any other duties as requested by the Director, Dev Studio Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Software Engineering or an equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum 3-5 years software development experience, Ability to work on multiple projects with multiple deadlines Excellent organizational skills with a high degree of attention to detail Ability to work effectively within a team environment and accept direction Clearly articulate ideas and thoughts verbally Familiarity with unit testing principles and unit testing tools Excellent written and oral communication skills 2+ years building ASP.NET MVC web applications using C# in Visual Studio 2 years experience building standards-compliant (W3C WCAG 2.0) web user interface with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and bootstrap. Experience building and consuming RESTful APIs or web services Experience working with source control e.g. Git Experience working with WordPress Experience in Umbraco, Kentico, and AEM CMS platforms preferred. Experience creating websites that adhere to WCAG 2.0 Level AA guidelines preferred. Knowledge of database design in SQL Server, SQL/T-SQL, database indexing, views, and stored procedures a plus Experience developing on the Shopify eCommerce platform a plus Experience developing and deploying cloud solutions on Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, or Google Cloud Familiarity with project management and bug-tracking software such as VSO, JIRA, Bugzilla, etc. Knowledge of Angular and React frameworks would be an asset Some ability in Photoshop/GIMP is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1358:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Svelte Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny front-end UX improvements to broad infrastructure changes spanning multiple codebases Debugging and identifying front-end or API related issues Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred JavaScript experience - Advanced JS,Svelte, ES6, Webpack, Rollup Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1359:
You have a product first mentality You obsess over perfecting the execution of designs with code You love being able to share your opinions on designs You want to do things the right way, not necessarily the easy way You seek out ways to leverage industry standards, frameworks, and tools (where it makes sense), rather than always having to reinvent the wheel Bring expertise of design systems to guide both engineers and designers on best practices Help set the methodologies followed for frontend development Collaborate with other engineers and the Product team to define clear deliverables and establish project milestones Take ownership of features from end to end by going through design, implementation, testing, and maintenance phases Lead engineers by example and processes Identify opportunities to improve existing code or architecture Stay up to date with best practices and emerging technologies 5+ years of experience building JavaScript applications Experience working as a designer for software applications is a plus Care about quality, both in your product design and codebase Deep understanding of ES6 and frontend frameworks (Angular and TypeScript are a plus) Deep understanding of CSS, CSS preprocessors (e.g., SASS/LESS), and design frameworks (e.g., Material, Bootstrap, etc.) Solid experience with code design methodologies (e.g., BEM) Solid understanding of the full web stack (e.g., HTTP, headers, caching, etc.) Belief in automated tests and taking ownership over the quality of your code Experience working collaboratively, participating in code reviews and being a great teammate 
ScrapedJobID1360:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1361:
The best kind of code to maintain is the code that does not exist: simply stated, seeking the approach that minimizes complexity, promotes eloquence, and does not sacrifice maintainability is paramount. Deleting code is therapeutic. Experience to weigh the benefits of one technology over another. Advocate reservation in the face of emerging trends. Foresight to recognize a yak and skip the shave entirely. Small tasks are things to plan, not endlessly trip over. Knowing how to quickly assess complexity is vital. The vaguest or most detailed business requirements are turned into feature-rich solutions that do not compromise on security, performance, or quality. Complete. Code. Ownership. Something that does not function as authored is a personal and lineal insult that will be rectified. Sense of aesthetics that inform design and user experiences. Depth of knowledge that reaches across the software stack. Fully. Self-directed researcher with the curiosity to exhaust all possibilities. Good writer, and not just of software. As one of the senior members of the team, the responsibility to guarantee quality, adhere to and recommend standards, write tests, and document code for the sake of others and future-you is inherent. Be a paradigm. Understand or improve complex business logic, and translate it into beautiful, highly-performant Web applications that the teams at FortNine enjoy using. Mentor less experienced developers and review code. The desire to teach is as innate as the one to build. Absorb technical documentation to either implement the subject matter, or distill and communicate it to a non-technical audience. Build confidence in peers and technical leaders by successfully developing new features and applications. Identify and fix existing issues. Bring a strong technical perspective to all discussions. Be a pedantic source of Web standards, browser quirks, and best practices. Five years of experience writing code for scale. Minimum. Expert knowledge in either PHP or Python. This should include frameworks like Magento 1 or 2, Symfony, Laravel, Zend, Django, Flask, and package managers like Composer or Pip and some of their common libraries. Expert knowledge in JavaScript. A foundation with vanilla JS would be great, but experience with Lodash, Underscore, jQuery, or other utility libraries is also relevant. Knowledge of frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue would be an asset. Expert knowledge of CSS. This includes experience with at least one flavour of pre- or post-processors, like LESS, SASS, or PostCSS. Ingrained application of common standards, like PHP's PSRs, PHPDoc, or Python's Peps. Healthy aversion to reinventing or redefining the wheel, which means knowledge of frontend and backend design patterns, OOP, and other concepts like autoloading. Git. You know, distributed Cmd+Z for teams. Extraordinary comfort in a Unix-based terminal. Do you even multiplex, bro? Curating a meticulous collection of dotfiles carries bonus points. MacOS or GNU Linux knowledge. Have probably stepped through a million lines of code. Knowing how to debug software and read through large frameworks is fundamental. Basic familiarity with daemons like Nginx, Redis, Varnish, ElasticSearch, PHP-FPM, or Gunicorn. Basic exposure to cloud infrastructure like GCP or AWS. Work with a team that has deep respect for quality, well-researched solutions in favour of quick one-offs that accumulate technical debt. Healthy work/life balance. Competitive salary. Three weeks paid vacation. Paid personal days. Health insurance (medical, dental, life). New MacBook Pro, and access to the best tools to effectively perform. Abundance of snacks. Proximity to metro station. Hybrid and remote working arrangements are possible. 
ScrapedJobID1362:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights. And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces. Experience with Google Analytics and Tag Manager. 
ScrapedJobID1363:
Évaluer les choix technologiques et tester rapidement les solutions; Donner une vision technique à l’équipe et travailler avec les architectes pour établir la feuille de route des applications qu’elle prend en charge; En collaboration avec l’équipe, résoudre les problèmes d’architecture; En collaboration avec les responsables de produit, transformer les livrables en résultats techniques; Concevoir des systèmes évolutifs en tenant compte de la performance et de la sécurité; Cerner et résoudre les problèmes de développement web frontal qui touchent les clients; Garantir une expérience uniforme entre les divers navigateurs et appareils; Promouvoir l’utilisation de tests unitaires et le développement guidé par les tests lors de la conception et du développement; Encourager l’équipe à appliquer les meilleures pratiques et lui montrer comment faire; Appliquer et promouvoir les meilleures pratiques en matière d’accessibilité (nous croyons que le web devrait être accessible à tous); Examiner et développer les pipelines fondés sur des conteneurs pour votre équipe Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement frontal (React); Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement interne (Node.js, PostgreSQL); Capacité de travailler efficacement en équipe; Expérience du mentorat de développeurs moins expérimentés, de la vérification de la qualité du code et de la promotion des meilleures pratiques; Expérience en vulgarisation des concepts et des exigences techniques; Expérience en conception et en description des API (nous utilisons Node.js, Express et OpenAPI Spec); Expérience de la programmation réactive fonctionnelle (FRP); Expérience des technologies de mise en grappe (nous utilisons Kubernetes); Expérience de la conception de systèmes à haute disponibilité et des tests de sollicitation sur ceux-ci; Expérience de l’écosystème Docker; Expérience en protection des applications web contre les menaces courantes; Expérience de la conception, du développement et de la mise à jour des systèmes à haute disponibilité (atout). 
ScrapedJobID1364:

ScrapedJobID1365:
Make endpoints for frontend apps and other backend services to use / write wrappers for other API developers Ability to track the workflow whenever it's needed. Identify code problems, build solutions and complete code reviews with other developers. Maintaining codebase and making improvements when necessary. Logging, error reporting and analytics. Reviewing accessibility as part of the development process. Collaborate with other teams to get technical requirements to develop a solution. Knowledge about database management and architecture. Understand what technologies other teams are using. Work with designers to help them understand possible technical restrictions Familiar with Micro Service Architecture. Maintaining the best security, reliability and performance practices. Assist and rapidly test solutions for the team. Develop scalable solutions with performance and security in mind. Ensure cohesive experience across multiple devices. Node.js: 2 years (required) React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1366:
BRING YOUR PASSION: Craft code that meets our internal standards while advocating for and identifying improvements to those standards for style, maintainability, and industry best practices. BE PART OF THE SOLUTION: Bring leadership to the design, development and release of new features and improvements to Riva's web products while collaborating with other stakeholders, including product management, UX and backend developers, testers and executives. BUILD THE FUTURE: Excited by the opportunity to work on a platform and product with an established enterprise-grade customer base and existing code while looking to a future with a responsive composite web app, event and API-driven microservices in a cloud-first approach. DELIVER CUSTOMER DELIGHT: Consistently ship moderately sized features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other teams while ensuring that all features are coupled to our mature continuous integration and continuous delivery multi-staged on-premise and cloud environments. LEAD WITH INTEGRITY: Exert influence on the overall solution vision while responding to product objectives owned by your team, whether technical or feature focused on a long-term positive customer experience. IMPROVE DAILY: Elevate the team through your participation in our collaborative product development environment that can include design discussions, pair programming, code reviews, coaching and mentoring activities. HAVE FUN: Eager to share in and create a positive vibe during team activities like Sprint Planning, Sprint Demos, Solution Demos and Program Increment planning activities (part of our Scaled Agile Framework [SAFe] processes) – and don't forget the social hours, staff BBQ and pot-lucks (when allowed again). Post-secondary education in computer science, computer engineering or related work experience. At least six (6) years of applicable work experience. In-depth proficiency with cross-browser development using JavaScript web frameworks such as VueJS, AngularJS, ReactJS or NodeJS (preference for VueJS). A belief in agile processes with a desire to leverage continuous delivery patterns and technologies, such as continuous integration (TeamCity / Jenkins), continuous deployment (OctopusDeploy), continuous testing (TDD, NUnit, Selenium, Telerik TestStudio, Mocha / Chai / Jest), continuous monitoring (Newrelic, APM). Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems. Proficient in C#, TypeScript, and JavaScript. Organized, efficient, and committed to get the job done while managing multiple priorities within scheduled timelines. Able to communicate technical solutions and the rationale behind decisions so that a non-technical person can understand. Adaptable to new environments, changes in requirements and scope. Understand and able to use patterns and standards, such as OAuth 2.0, OpenID, JWT, Graph, OData, REST, SOAP, Web Sockets. Advanced troubleshooting skills (both server and client/browser), preferably with large multi-tier enterprise software products. Have proficiency with cross-browser/cross-platform issues, DOM and web standards. Solid understanding of OOD, OOP and design patterns. Willingness to learn new skills and a demonstrated continual effort to improve skills. Demonstrated ability to work closely with other parts of the organization, including customer-facing teams. Communicates fluently in written and spoken English. Experience with Cloud Solution Providers (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, or Heroku). Experience with React Native. ChartJS or D3.js / visualization using D3-like libraries. Proficiency in a Linux/Unix environment. Web server configuration and troubleshooting (IIS, Nginx, Apache). Contributes to, supports or uses open source projects - has an active GitHub account. Experience with PowerShell or other scripting languages. Experience with Office plugin development (Outlook COM add-in, OfficeJS API). Product company experience. Formal team lead experience. Total compensation package including;
RRSP matching.
Paid vacation starting with 3-weeks.
Paid wellness time allowing for flexible discretionary allocation for mental health, personal benefits, and personal time.
Volunteering to the charity of your choice, paid up to 24 hours per year.
An annual end-of-year bonus day off of your choice.
Extended health care benefits, dental and life insurance.
Access to third-party Employee Assistance Program. RRSP matching. Paid vacation starting with 3-weeks. Paid wellness time allowing for flexible discretionary allocation for mental health, personal benefits, and personal time. Volunteering to the charity of your choice, paid up to 24 hours per year. An annual end-of-year bonus day off of your choice. Extended health care benefits, dental and life insurance. Access to third-party Employee Assistance Program. Professional development and training allowance for career advancement. A great culture which fosters diversity, equity and inclusion. Work with fun, like-minded people. 
ScrapedJobID1367:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Web Development: 5 years (required) React, Yarn and Git: 3 years (required) Javascript, CSS, HTML: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1368:
5+ years of experience working in UI and front-end web engineering 3+ years experience with React and Redux Experience in crafting and implementing web applications with Javascript/HTML5/CSS3 Understanding of design/UX principles and ability to participate in design discussions. Experience with JSON & REST architecture Implement grid system for responsiveness Experience using Grunt, NPM (Node.js) Experience working within an organizational code base in multiple environments across numerous ongoing release cycles Experience integrating front-end web/UI interface with back end application server technologies Strong communication, organization, and leadership skills required Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 
ScrapedJobID1369:
Responsive website development leveraging CSS media queries Custom WordPress development including, but not limited to, page template and theme design, custom post types, taxonomies and fields Customized WordPress theme creation using actions, filters, and hooks in functions. Proven ability to code in the following languages: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JQuery, JavaScript Proficient with REST APIs Familiarity with SQL is an asset Understand and implement UI/UX best practices Strong verbal, written and comprehension skills Knowledge of Google Analytics with certification (preferred) Monday to Friday Vancouver, BC (preferred) Wordpress Development: 5 years (preferred) html/css: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1370:
Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1371:
Implement new solutions for our Program Partners through web development, configuration and customization of the platforms and products Gather solution requirements by working directly with our Program Partners & Internal Stakeholders Ensure the solutions we deploy are of the highest quality using appropriate QA methodologies and champion issue resolution Update your progress with your team & stakeholders 2+ Years' experience in a development role Working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (e.g. XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Software development experience is considered an asset Experience in a managed solution or SaaS environment 
ScrapedJobID1372:
Providing SFCC expertise and solution design and implementation Design, code, and test technical solutions Understand technical requirements and propose alternative options to improve applications Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions Create technical documentation Knowledge of SFCC is required Knowledge of digital commerce components Knowledge of digital commerce integrations Extensive knowledge of JavaScript 5+ years ecommerce experience Remote or hybrid in Montreal 50% employer paid healthcare 3 weeks vacation, 10 sick days, 4 personal days, 3 wellness days Flexible working hours Free parking onsite Bonus pay Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1373:
Assesses impact of design decisions to the computer solution/product/service being developed (i.e. performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommends alternate/creative solutions for mitigation/optimization if required. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Leads and implements initiatives as required to deliver business objectives. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders and ensures alignment. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Leads/conducts detailed code-reviews and provides feedback in a constructive manner. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Typically between 5 - 7 years of relevant experience and/or certification in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced level of knowledge in domain. Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages (Angular and Java)and can code with little oversight. Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1374:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1375:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop innovative solutions to solve tough business problems Work collaboratively with the team, client team and our partners to build custom development solutions Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle Optimize and apply best practices Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skill-sets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities 5+ years of related industry experience working in software development environments building front-end components of Web applications Hands-on project experience using Angular 2+ and Angular JS Good understanding of software design patterns Experience with creation of Wireframes and translating to HTML code Experience (or strong interest) in working with the Agile methodology 
ScrapedJobID1376:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1377:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Svelte Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny front-end UX improvements to broad infrastructure changes spanning multiple codebases Debugging and identifying front-end or API related issues Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred JavaScript experience - Advanced JS,Svelte, ES6, Webpack, Rollup Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1378:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID1379:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID1380:
Experience architecting complex web applications. Experience building progressive web applications and native applications. Exposure to SQL-based databases. Some exposure to Linux. Experience with Docker Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Web app development: 5 years (preferred) Javascript: 5 years (preferred) React/Redux: 3 years (required) HTML5 and CSS3: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1381:
Saint John, New Brunswick Full-time permanent position Competitive salary commensurate with experience, bonus, benefits, relocation assistance Opportunity to work on the beautiful East coast, where you can enjoy the ocean at your door, untouched wilderness, pristine beaches, and affordable living – relocation assistance available Excellent opportunity with a well-established, stable company with a strong commitment to their employees, the environment, community, and the next generation Lead and contribute to the front end development stages (FEL 1 and 2) and supports FEED, detailed engineering, and execution stages Build relationships with various levels of leadership and stakeholders in the front end development of capital projects through influence and collaboration Provide guidance to direct reports and internal stakeholders on the application of technology Follow the established performance management process for direct reports Provide input into the development of capital portfolio Coach, mentor and provide leadership guidance to front end engineers and co-op student(s), including consistent fit for purpose practices Provide guidance to direct reports on managing and oversight of 3rd party vendors' work and performance Work with other stakeholders to prioritize front end engineering work Work with the Senior Manager of Front End Engineering, the Engineering Services resource planner and external engineering team to develop and maintain a front end engineering resource capacity plan and strategy (for both internal and external resources) Understanding of the basic economic drivers of the oil refining industry Familiarity with process simulation software Basic understanding of project stage gate process, project execution and project management Some degree of business, financial and strategic acumen. Must understand and be able to apply key financial principles (perform business case analysis) Attention to quality, cost and schedule; timely decision making is very important Strong risk assessment capability Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering with P. Eng Postgraduate Engineering and/or MBA degree would be an asset 10+ experience in refinery process engineering and refinery process technologies and operations within an owner/operator environment Front end capital project development experience preferred Minimum 10 years of relevant experience with a strong background in oil refining and capital project development (particularly front end engineering) 5+ years leadership experience in an engineering environment 
ScrapedJobID1382:

ScrapedJobID1383:
Implement new solutions for our Program Partners through web development, configuration and customization of the platforms and products Gather solution requirements by working directly with our Program Partners & Internal Stakeholders Ensure the solutions we deploy are of the highest quality using appropriate QA methodologies and champion issue resolution Update your progress with your team & stakeholders 2+ Years' experience in a development role Working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (e.g. XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Software development experience is considered an asset Experience in a managed solution or SaaS environment 
ScrapedJobID1384:
Undergraduate in Computer Science or equivalent degree required 3+ years of experience as a professional software developer Solid experience with Front-End development: HTML5 / CSS / JavaScript / API / JSON Good experience and knowledge of one or more UI frameworks (e.g React, Angular 4+, Vue, Ember) Proven experience working with RESTful API following the best practices Experience with Cloud technologies and microservices (Azure or AWS) Automation of builds and deployment pipelines (CI/CD) Experience working in a TTD environment 
ScrapedJobID1385:
Design and development of front end user interface. Provide direction to junior developers. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Ensure designs are in compliance with the specifications. Work under the direction of the Test Automation Lead. Work seamlessly with geographically distributed teams. Work with the scrum master and help establish sprint activities and tasks. Participate in the daily standup and provide status updates, contribute to team meetings. Collaborate with various teams in defect triage meetings. Must be able to obtain a Canadian Reliability security clearance. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject (or equivalent work experience) Hands on knowledge of JAVA Hands on knowledge of NodeJS or ReactJS Experience with SDLC tools, frameworks and methodologies Experience working with AGILE teams and tools including but not limited to - JIRA, Confluence, Crucible - will be considered an asset Analytical Thinking Communication (Oral/Written) Java Front End Development Node.Js Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1386:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Designs and creates software with a focus on iterative, continuous development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between cross-functional teams Areas of specialization may include front-end and full stack development Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of training and experience Minimum 5 years’ experience as a Front-end Developer Knowledge of full stack development practices, including each of the following: Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment/Delivery practices Container Platforms (Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure) Git branching models (gitflow, github flow) Experience developing/coding with the following: JavaScript JavaScript framework (Vue/Vuetify and/or React/Bootstrap) plus test framework OAuth/OIDC WebSocket Preference will be given for experience developing/coding with any of the following: 
ScrapedJobID1387:
Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1388:
5+ years of Software Development 3+ years of experience with ReactJS for Web and Mobile 1 year of C# and XAML experience Experience with any of the following industries is a nice to have (Medical Devices, Biology Studies, PCR Data, Embedded Hardware/Manufacturing Products) Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1389:
Design and develop front-end web application in Angular Design and develop Restful APIs Perform systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. Aim for best practice, defect-free programming, create and maintain quality code, provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Identify issues, develop and maintain processes that address and resolve them, (and be sure to communicate/alert stakeholders as needed). Configure and develop custom components with technology partners (analysts, developers, designers etc.) to meet requirements and goals. Ensure applications are free of common coding vulnerabilities (and follow standard security practices). Complete unit and integration testing per standards and design specs. Respect TD's technology delivery practices and standards, project management disciplines. Apply and share technical expertise during incident management life cycle (e.g. analyzes reports and outages, perform impact assessments, facilitate stakeholder communication). Demonstrate high level of proactivity and strong ownership. Communicate effectively both inside and outside the team to achieve results and build strong relationships. Develop a good understanding of intraday liquidity management in the Banking business. 5-7 years of experience in Angular. 5-7 years of experience client-side Web Frameworks like JavaScript, JQuery, JQueryUI, AJAX, JSON. Banking and/or financial institution experience is an asset. Experience with ag-Grid is an asset. Experience with Git, Jira, Confluence. Advanced and extensive knowledge of the business (or organization), technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems. Solid understanding of SDLC. Readiness and motivation to address and resolve highly complex and multifaceted development-related issues, often independently. Strength in coaching and advising clients, partners and project teams. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Strong verbal, written, presentation & communication skills. Proactive, organized, excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Works well independently, as well as, within a team. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, share your knowledge and educate others. Communicate and collaborate with both technical and non-technical professionals. Cultivate winning relationships by building trust with business and technology partners. Share our commitment to productivity, effectiveness and operational efficiency. Embrace change and witness amazing things happen – from the inside. 
ScrapedJobID1390:
Senior React Native Developer - this project consists of a number of applications that will be developed for Store Associates using React Native for both Android and IOS devices Of these applications there will be a mixture of new and Legacy (Angular Ionic, .Net, etc.) 7+ years Development experience Experience with React Native is a must Experience with Android & IOS debugging is a must Experience with Jest testing, Sonarcube is a must Experience with NodeJS is a must Strong logic development React Native, Android & IOS debugging, Jest testing, Sonarcube, NodeJS is a must SQL, Cloud and MicroServices framework experience is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1391:
Invite solutions which account for scalability and optimize performance Collaborate within an agile team to understand business needs and work through complex business processes to create solutions that align with the company goals Outline and enact back end and front end components and services Analyze new technologies and design prototypes for continuing improvements Uphold top programming practices and standards Construct excellent production-ready code in an agile environment 5+ years of software development experience with specialization in React and Ruby on Rails Strong FE experience with HAML, HTML, SCSS, CSS Experience with creating and consuming WebAPI's Knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems, MySQL, Postgress, MSSQL, etc 
ScrapedJobID1392:
Angular Familiarity with Typescript / ES6 knowledge and experience in Redux / RxJS Web Frontend using HTML, CSS3 and Javascript Experience consuming and leveraging restful API’s Written test cases with frameworks like Karma and Jasmine 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1393:
The best kind of code to maintain is the code that does not exist: simply stated, seeking the approach that minimizes complexity, promotes eloquence, and does not sacrifice maintainability is paramount. Deleting code is therapeutic. Experience to weigh the benefits of one technology over another. Advocate reservation in the face of emerging trends. Foresight to recognize a yak and skip the shave entirely. Small tasks are things to plan, not endlessly trip over. Knowing how to quickly assess complexity is vital. The vaguest or most detailed business requirements are turned into feature-rich solutions that do not compromise on security, performance, or quality. Complete. Code. Ownership. Something that does not function as authored is a personal and lineal insult that will be rectified. Sense of aesthetics that inform design and user experiences. Depth of knowledge that reaches across the software stack. Fully. Self-directed researcher with the curiosity to exhaust all possibilities. Good writer, and not just of software. As one of the senior members of the team, the responsibility to guarantee quality, adhere to and recommend standards, write tests, and document code for the sake of others and future-you is inherent. Be a paradigm. Understand or improve complex business logic, and translate it into beautiful, highly-performant Web applications that the teams at FortNine enjoy using. Mentor less experienced developers and review code. The desire to teach is as innate as the one to build. Absorb technical documentation to either implement the subject matter, or distill and communicate it to a non-technical audience. Build confidence in peers and technical leaders by successfully developing new features and applications. Identify and fix existing issues. Bring a strong technical perspective to all discussions. Be a pedantic source of Web standards, browser quirks, and best practices. Five years of experience writing code for scale. Minimum. Expert knowledge in either PHP or Python. This should include frameworks like Magento 1 or 2, Symfony, Laravel, Zend, Django, Flask, and package managers like Composer or Pip and some of their common libraries. Expert knowledge in JavaScript. A foundation with vanilla JS would be great, but experience with Lodash, Underscore, jQuery, or other utility libraries is also relevant. Knowledge of frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue would be an asset. Expert knowledge of CSS. This includes experience with at least one flavour of pre- or post-processors, like LESS, SASS, or PostCSS. Ingrained application of common standards, like PHP's PSRs, PHPDoc, or Python's Peps. Healthy aversion to reinventing or redefining the wheel, which means knowledge of frontend and backend design patterns, OOP, and other concepts like autoloading. Git. You know, distributed Cmd+Z for teams. Extraordinary comfort in a Unix-based terminal. Do you even multiplex, bro? Curating a meticulous collection of dotfiles carries bonus points. MacOS or GNU Linux knowledge. Have probably stepped through a million lines of code. Knowing how to debug software and read through large frameworks is fundamental. Basic familiarity with daemons like Nginx, Redis, Varnish, ElasticSearch, PHP-FPM, or Gunicorn. Basic exposure to cloud infrastructure like GCP or AWS. Work with a team that has deep respect for quality, well-researched solutions in favour of quick one-offs that accumulate technical debt. Healthy work/life balance. Competitive salary. Three weeks paid vacation. Paid personal days. Health insurance (medical, dental, life). New MacBook Pro, and access to the best tools to effectively perform. Abundance of snacks. Proximity to metro station. Hybrid and remote working arrangements are possible. 
ScrapedJobID1394:
Make every user interaction with our product a delightful and polished experience. Contribute to the ideation, technical design, implementation, and testing of product features. Improve technical skills and share knowledge with the rest of the team. Adopt best practices in software development and refine our workflow. Ship features with the users in mind and strive to provide them with a great experience. Identify areas where our technical stack can be improved, prioritize them with the team, and contribute to their implementation. Has 5 years + experience in building frontend applications using the latest technologies. Is an expert in CSS and CSS pre-processors. Is an expert in building JavaScript applications. Has experience working with React. Has experience optimizing the performance of web applications. Has a good eye for design and a solid understanding of user experience principles. Has shipped high-quality code in a fast-paced environment. Has great communication skills; you work well with others to make the product better every day. Can collaborate with marketing, product, and design to move the product forward. Experience with web application security and/or blockchain interactions would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1395:
Write clean, scalable code while maintaining standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Evaluate feature feasibility and project timelines by identifying priorities, rabbit holes and interdependencies Debug issues as they arise and make recommendations for solutions Actively learning and seeking out ways to continuously improve, researching best practices and suggest appropriate technologies Several years of software design and development experience Front End: Vue.js Backend: Node.js Database: SQL Version Control: Git (GitHub) Basic Linux knowledge is key Basic AWS knowledge is a plus Entrepreneurial mindset, possessing the ability to work in an evolving environment with multiple stakeholders Passionate about, and interested in, startups and the process of growing a business Ability to interface with the business, interact, communicate and present ideas Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to problem solve on the fly Strong attention to detail, organizational, planning, decision-making and time management skills Base salary plus performance bonus Health benefits A team that walks the talk on equity, diversity and inclusion Fun work atmosphere and regular social events Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Vue.js: 1 year (required) software design and development: 2 years (required) Node.js: 1 year (required) Linux: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1396:
World-class training and resources. Mature business process framework and infrastructure so that you can hone in on your own skills and what you do best. The position includes paid time off. PTO accrues and is made available after successful completion of the probationary period. The position includes health benefits which are made available after 90 days. RRSP/TFSA matching contribution available after 6 months of employment. Develop new E-Commerce sites (typically on the two largest SaaS platforms, Shopify and BigCommerce). Build out fully-functional E-Commerce pages to a pixel-perfect match of a provided design mockup. Add new features and functionality to existing E-Commerce sites. Create custom integrations between E-Commerce platforms and third party applications. Ensure the code behind a website adheres to WCAG guidelines. Understanding client requirements (regardless of how they are presented), and translating them into effective and usable experiences. High attention to detail. Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies. Ability to effectively communicate with the design department to assess how elements should function. Strong understanding of web and mobile best practices and trends. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or 5 years experience in web development. Proficiency in HTML5 and CSS. Experience working with version-control software. A minimum of 1 year experience working with jQuery. Knowledge of an E-Commerce platform (Shopify or BigCommerce) and its templating language. Eager to learn from senior developers - and improve upon their work. Ability to solve business problems first and write code second - not the other way around! Proficiency in SASS. Experience in AJAX and JSON. A powerful desire to become the best at developing E-Commerce sites. 1+ year experience working with Webpack. Experience making the web accessible to those with disabilities. Experience with Javascript frameworks such as React and Angular. 1+ year experience working with Shopify Slate and/or Themekit. A deep knowledge of Shopify and its templating language (Liquid). Thorough knowledge of a BigCommerce and its templating language (Handlebars.js). 1+ year experience developing locally with BigCommerce Stencil CLI. A thorough understanding of Handlebars.js and the BigCommerce Handlebars Helpers. N/A Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID1397:
Developing new user-facing features using ReactJs Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers BE /B.Tech/M.Tech/MCA Dental care Vision care React: 4 years (required) ReactJS: 4 years (required) JavaScript: 5 years (required) Redux: 4 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1398:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks for both browser and server development and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID1399:
5+ years of Software Development 3+ years of experience with ReactJS for Web and Mobile 1 year of C# and XAML experience Experience with any of the following industries is a nice to have (Medical Devices, Biology Studies, PCR Data, Embedded Hardware/Manufacturing Products) Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1400:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop innovative solutions to solve tough business problems Work collaboratively with the team, client team and our partners to build custom development solutions Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle Optimize and apply best practices Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skill-sets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities 5+ years of related industry experience working in software development environments building front-end components of Web applications Hands-on project experience using Angular 2+ and Angular JS Good understanding of software design patterns Experience with creation of Wireframes and translating to HTML code Experience (or strong interest) in working with the Agile methodology 
ScrapedJobID1401:
Take ownership of the design, implementation, testing, and deployment of web-application features and fixes, with support from senior team members. Regularly communicate with stakeholders and identify features and fixes to implement. 2+ years' experience with JavaScript/TypeScript, and thick client web application development. Comfortable with HTML, CSS, JSON and other common web technologies. 
ScrapedJobID1402:
Design, develop, and implement full-stack software systems that will be used by traders Build scalable and robust software using best practices Collaborate with traders, researchers, and software engineers within our group as well as across the organization globally. Analyze end-user needs and business goals to design and develop new features. Evaluate appropriate new technologies, tools, frameworks and software components for integration 5+ years web development experience Node.js and web/ front-end technologies Node.js OR java OR python (says Ruby in JD, it's not mandatory) ** need AT LEAST 2 people 
ScrapedJobID1403:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1404:

ScrapedJobID1405:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Svelte Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny front-end UX improvements to broad infrastructure changes spanning multiple codebases Debugging and identifying front-end or API related issues Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred JavaScript experience - Advanced JS,Svelte, ES6, Webpack, Rollup Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1406:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID1407:
Working with the UI/UX design team and Procut Owners, you will develop user interfaces for unique web applications. Implement efficient, robust, scalable and maintainable features. Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments. Provide end-to-end development of software systems from design through development to deployments and maintenance. Be engaged in an agile culture by helping to define deliverables and effort Provide regular communication and feedback with your team and product owner throughout the Sprint and development lifecycle. Bring your passion for technology by providing input, research and evaluation to the leadership and architecture team 5+ years developing web applications Strong experience developing responsive web interfaces using HTML5, CSS3 & UI frameworks Strong experience with ASP.Net MVC with some experience with Classic ASP Some experience with Angular 8+ highly preferred, however recent Angular 2++ acceptable Responsive web design Unit Testing [Jasmine, Protractor] Dependency Injection (it's a design pattern that is ubiquitous in Angular and will help us determine the required depth of knowledge for Angular... it's also required to do proper unit testing) [di, d.i. , design patterns] More in depth Typescript CSS Grid Angular Router Angular Material Design State Management [NGXS, NGRX, CQRS pattern, Akita, state store, redux] Full stack (i.e. skills with Rest API and C# on the backend) 
ScrapedJobID1408:
Visual Studio.NET (C#, VB.NET) Javascript, JQuery Bootstrap Front-end Programming HTML, CSS SQL MVC Object Oriented Programming Work well in a team Meet Deadlines Communications with Team members Constructive Feedback Positive Attitude Welling to learn new skills. Work under pressure. College or university diploma in Web Development or any similar field. Minimum of 3 years experience Familiarity working within development, staging, and production environment including source control principles Knowledge in Software Process including documentation, and testing. Dental care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1409:
5+ years professional experience developing software for iOS or MacOS using either Swift, Objective-C or C++ languages In-depth understanding of core concepts, including OOD and memory management Experience leading the design and development of finished products or significant product features Front end / GUI exposure / interest Working knowledge of C++ High standard of quality in coding practices Keen personal interest in computer science and programming in general Ability to work proactively, both independently and as a team member Mobile development experience Raster / vector 2D graphics GIS systems development experience and related libraries such as GDAL Interest in maps, cartography, geography or geodesy Extended health care Dental care Vision care Life insurance AD&D insurance Long term disability insurance Health care spending account Remote interview process Virtual meetings All COVID-19 protocols are being followed in our in-person meetings 
ScrapedJobID1410:
Work on problems with your teams, roll up your sleeves, form an opinion, and advocate for engineering-specific roadmap items. Mentor and lead a small team of developers while also providing growth opportunities. You understand that leadership is a craft, and know how to mentor your team members to help them grow and succeed. Help your team ship exceptional user experiences and establish clear definitions of quality. Build accessible, responsive, performant experiences, and educate teams across UX and Marketing on why this matters. Evaluate and provide supportive and constructive feedback to your reports. Partner closely with content design and marketing design leadership peers to strategize, problem solve, and take our teams to the next level. Proven senior leadership skills. Your management skills and technical depth allow you to develop and mentor other leads as well as build credibility with your team, while executing broader engineering strategies. Strong communication skills and the ability to influence and advocate for the Frontend Development craft. You feel comfortable diving into the code and interacting with developers at all levels of seniority and have a commitment and drive for quality, technical excellence, and results. Experience building responsive, performant, and accessible web experiences that engage audiences through the use of animation and complex interactions. Working with modern web stacks (transpilers, linters, build and CI tools, etc.). Experience designing and developing APIs, working with Content Management Systems, and Design Systems. A passion for efficiency and collaboration, with a history of establishing great relationships across UX, Engineering, Marketing, Leadership, Product Marketing, Data, and SEO teams distributed across multiple time zones. You are comfortable working with senior stakeholders (Director level and up), both technical and non technical. Has proven experience representing the front end development craft through presentations, workshops and articles. Working in an agency or creative environment delivering large-scale, multi-language websites, microsites, landing pages, and campaigns with complex internationalization and localization requirements. A deep understanding of one or more specific client-side areas like animation, web performance, or accessibility for example. Experimentation and evaluation methodologies to help inform decisions with real-world data. 
ScrapedJobID1411:
Design, prototype, implement, test, and document full stack (front and back end) web applications, and RESTful APIs. Design for usability with responsive web user interfaces. Build quick prototypes / demonstrations to help validate technologies and to provide sales demos. Design for scalability and reliability (24/7 operations – minimal maintenance down time) with continuous integration. Work with DevOps to deploy and maintain system components into QA and Production environments, and to create tools to quantify performance and reliability. Assist QA in developing automated tests Incorporate security into web services, APIs, and user interfaces. Work with Product Management (and Sales Engineers) to define the product requirements and ensure customer needs are being met. Estimate timelines and provide risk assessments for planning and tracking work. Provide feedback for continuous improvement of processes. Provide Tier-3 support to customers and work with Technical Support to improve their knowledge and tools for troubleshooting. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent discipline 2+ years of full stack application development for always on web applications with global user base, large traffic volume, and multi-national operations Proficient in responsive user interface development in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript using Angular (6+) or React frameworks Familiar in Java (JEE) technologies including Spring MVC, Struts, Hibernate, RESTful JSON/XML, WebSockets Familiar with SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL), and able to design/modify relational schemas, adapt Stored Procedures Comfortable in cross technology Enterprise Application environment – mostly Java (JEE) on Linux, but some C#/.NET 5+ years with micro services architecture in a continuous integration environment Implemented Single Sign On and OAUTH mechanisms Familiar with Docker and Cloud Infrastructure (AWS, Microsoft Azure), Serverless functions. Familiar with IoT transport and network protocols (MQTT, TCP/IP, LoRaWAN, LTE-M) with accompanying security. Familiar with network management concepts: SNMP, Equipment and Link monitoring, Logical Network Mapping, Geolocation Customer focus Complex problem solving: Systems-level approach to software Creative, collaborative, and open-minded Strong communicator Passion and pride in your work Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Monday to Friday AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) full stack application development for always on web apps: 2 years (preferred) responsive user interface development: 2 years (preferred) Java technologies: 2 years (preferred) PostgreSQL and MySQL: 2 years (preferred) cross technology Enterprise app environment: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1412:
Deliver world-class software in tight iterations with a cutting edge team to drive the business forward; Execute a disciplined agile methodology and process; Demonstrate consistent engineering standards and practices adopted by the team; Help shape the initial engineering culture of the company; Have a voice in early technology and implementation choices; Work to evaluate and integrate critical third-party software and infrastructure; Support the engineering activities of our web application; and Develop new, client-facing features and productionizing them 5+ years of post graduation experience working with first-class engineering teams with a proven track record of consistent and frequent delivery of quality software; Have substantial experience with modern front-end frameworks (React, Redux, Next.js); Have strong programming fundamentals (data structures and algorithms); Have hands-on knowledge developing applications for the cloud (preferably GCP); Have a proven history of delivering increasingly complex, highly available and scalable distributed systems; Be proficient in analytical and problem-solving abilities; Be passionate about creating high quality product that promote the business; Be able to work independently with little oversight or management in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with high-energy and mission-driven colleagues; Is a great team player; and Has a curious and collaborative mentality. In-depth experience working with modern frontend and backend technologies Impact the early stages of a startup Mentorship from an experienced and well-rounded team Equity options How many years of experience do you have with modern front-end frameworks (React, Redux, Next.js)? full stack engineering (post graduation): 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1413:

ScrapedJobID1414:
Collecting data at the meter or from utilities companies, analyze it, refine it and deliver valuable insights to Operator, Investors and everyone in between. Working with businesses with property to review and make business decisions protecting your properties from the unexpected Supports sustainability of commercial assets and providing validated data to capital markets Environmental management system OH&S (Occupational health and safety) Preventative maintenance Insurance Fire Safety (overall just to manage risks) Work Orders (sending jobs down to certain buildings, upload pics and check off tasks) Compliance (Document Management, i.e. Checking off forms if there any unusual sounds in the boiler room or are the board meetings posters put up etc.) Remote opportunity Identifying and Analyzing user requirements Prioritizing, assigning and executing tasks throughout the software development life cycle. Developing Java EE (enterprise edition) applications (enterprise level applications) Need to build a scalable SaaS for enterprise to avoid issues Managing the software development life cycle, from planning and prioritizing - > testing - > deploying release - > maintaining functional, secure, and high-quality application Gathering system and user requirements, building Java Modules and testing features Looking for person with hands-on experience developing software with Agile Methodologies and are ready to lead Jr Developers. Identify and analyze user requirements Prioritize, Assign and Execute Tasks throughout software development life cycle Develop Java EE App Hands-On approach to review, debug, lead, forward thinking, take the process through the entire development cycle Reporting to the CTO 5-10 years of full stack developer experience with HTML/Angular/Javascript/Java technology Same amount of years designing and building enterprise applications J2EE REST Web Services Angular JS (Java Script) Agile SDLC Jira Slack Amazon AWS Platform and Services Built good quality technical solutions for businesses audience creating positive and engaging UX Ability to design, build extensible, component-based solutions frameworks while Jr developers can follow and adopt while implementing new features Owns and ability to share own ideas and generate business outcomes Business is starting to take off from Start-Up and going to put their leadership focus onto sales and BD Ability to design for transactional performances and responsiveness (basically build fast turnaround time quality code) Understand importance of security for software and mobile Partaking in launching and deploying apps onto the cloud Need BSc in Comp Sci or Engineering Verbal and written communication skills Write technical documents to explain for internal and client, tech teams Ambitious but coachable and good listener Candidate doesn't have to be specific from the Real Estate industry but it'll be nice Must have to have worked on enterprise solutions Understanding business side, not social and transactional type of software (i.e. not front end ecommerce) Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1415:
At least 3 years programming experience in a paid, professional role Experience building database-driven software modules Strong knowledge of Typescript, PHP, MySQL Front-end experience (Vue, Twig, HTML, CSS) Experience with Linux, Apache, Dockr, Composer, Git Understanding of web-application security fundamentals Passionate about programming, web apps + user experience A good problem solver & software developer You are a hands-on individual who loves to get to work and get the job done. Monday to Friday TypeScript: 1 year (preferred) Twig: 1 year (preferred) PHP: 1 year (preferred) MySQL: 1 year (preferred) Vue: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1416:
Primarily focused on development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis A strong product development mindset with a clean code approach. 7+ years experience of frontend development (proficient React/Redux, NodeJS, typescript ) is required along with a good understanding of backend development. Experience with developing prototypes that align with the banks UI/UX practices. Experience with coaching team members for best frontend development practices. Experience with reviewing code, product solutions, architectural design, etc is required Experience with designing documentation and other internal materials is considered essential Having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic goals is considered essential. Experience with Cloud Development technologies is considered a plus. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience in defining current and future state for products and the associated roadmaps would be considered a strong asset. Attention to details, high standards for quality, ability to balance risk with technological advancements. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and influencing skills with ability to build and foster relationships with business users, project stakeholders, strategic technology partners and external vendors and clients. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1417:
8+ years of overall software development experience Development experience on: Java, Oracle, PL/SQL Performance engineering experience: JVM tuning, fixing memory leaks, profiling apps/services Site reliability engineering exposure: application performance monitoring using Dynatrace or similar tool, logging using ELK stack or similar Other required hands-on technical expertise: setting up and tuning Redis cache, Apache Camel orchestration On the back-end side, a minimum of 3-5 years of experience building server-side apps using Java 8+, Spring Boot, Spring framework, Hibernate and creating web services or APIs using REST (and SOAP), is a must On the front-end side, a minimum of 2-3 years of JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 2+, HTML, CSS and AJAX experience is a must On the database side, 2-3 years of experience with relational databases such as Oracle 11+, PL/SQL, and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB or Elasticsearch is preferred On the architecture side, knowledge and awareness about Service Oriented Architecture, Mesh App, and Service Architecture is important On the design side, a great level of Object-Oriented Analysis and Design experience and a good understanding of the UX design principles is ideal Knowledge and experience in test-driven development, microservices, event-driven implementation using Kafka is a bonus 
ScrapedJobID1418:
Travailler de pair les demandeurs des lignes d’affaires, avec les analystes TI et techniciens au support afin de comprendre les demandes, concevoir et livrer une solution répondant aux exigences exprimées Agir à titre de d’analyste-programmeur web avec langage Windev, développement front et back-end Analyser les demandes de changement et les anomalies, coder, tester et implanter du code de qualité Assurer le contrôle de qualité sur les changements effectués et les documenter DEC / Baccalauréat en informatique, génie logiciel ou équivalent 3-5 ans d’expérience pertinente Expérience démontrée en Windev, développement orienté-objet Expérience de base en C#, ASP.Net ou .NetCore Expérience en développement d’API et web services, un atout Connaissances des bonnes pratiques de développement logiciels Tu aimes les défis et résoudre des problématiques qui te font évoluer Tu fais preuve d’initiative, d’autonomie et de flexibilité dans le travail Tu aimes échanger avec tes collègues, partager tes expériences et trouvaille et bénéficier de l’expérience des autres Tu gères bien tes priorités pour organiser tes tâches et travailler sur plus d’un dossier à la fois Employee assistance program Life insurance Monday to Friday windev: 3 years (required) French (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1419:
Key domain leader in designing and building innovative software solutions in the areas of core algorithmic trading API's, models & signals implementations, pre/post trade analytics, back testing and risk functions for the Systematic Investment Trading Desk Develop custom technical solutions and employ industry best practices to build and support Front/Back office applications and platforms from Portfolio Management and Trading Perspectives by applying detailed knowledge of investment management concepts across multiple asset classes. Directly partner with Investment Management division to implement/optimize/support new investment models, strategies across various financial instruments (currencies, futures, rates, equities…etc.) via technical and software implementations Integrate market trading API's into their Order Management and Book of Record/Compliance Systems Design and oversees the data workflow, data engineering and data mining on time-series market data and trade signals, under the direction from the Systematic Trading Desk Professional documentation of methodology, validation testing and specifications used for modeling Identify, prioritize, and manage projects independently and in collaboration with peers as requirements and timelines dictate Key driver of the end user computer technologies Strong Team player Clearly communicates complex concepts Mentoring and developing junior team members Implementations of trade execution and cost analysis based on Investment Management division's research and models Understanding of pre-trade, post-trade of trade workflow and provide suggestions on improvement of efficiencies from software engineering and infrastructure perspective Advanced degree in quantitative subjects such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or Engineering Professional accreditation in Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) and/or Financial Risk Manager (FRM) 10+ years Capital Markets experience with strong investment product knowledge (including OTC-Over the Counter vanilla and exotic derivatives) 10+ years Technical & Quantitative Development experience Solid understanding of systematic investment strategies/processes, quantitative techniques (statistics, optimization), market microstructure, portfolio theories, execution and pre/post trade analytics across several asset classes Experience developing real-time Equity, FX, Futures trading platforms, inclusive of algorithmic and systematic complex event processing at any financial institution. In depth knowledge of the principles, theories, practices and techniques on functional design for all functional components to build high throughput trading applications Experience with software development methodologies and agile development practices Proven java/c/c#/python/SQL experience in capital markets Experience in working with/or developing with time series database, BPIPE, DAPI, OMS is a plus Design and automate testing harnesses for systematic trading, valuation and risk models Previous experience in capital markets, including quantitative research, trading and portfolio analytics Effectively communicate with end users who may not be technical proficient and present ideas in simple but effective manner and translate them into actionable workplans Able to handle stress and manage expectations from different business/technical stakeholders in this fast-paced environment Ability to interact with and build strong working relationships with Traders and technology Teams (Analysts, Developers, Coaches) Excellent technical and non-technical verbal and written communication skills Comfortable working in a multidisciplinary team of varying skill levels Comfortable working in an environment with a high rate of change and, when appropriate, willingness to step outside of primary role in order to facilitate successful outcomes Passionate about improving your own skills as well as those of your colleagues through knowledge sharing and mentoring They are innovators who use the latest tools, technologies and lean processes in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS Cloud, Kubernetes, Java, C#, Javascript, HTML5, MSSQL Server, SAP Hana, Python). They have an entrepreneurial mindset overseeing our projects from end-to-end. Their principles are focused on delivering true customer value in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. They are champions at delivering trade messaging solutions for trade workflow automation of multiple asset classes, leveraging DevOps for automated testing and deployment pipelines and using Amazon Web Services for dynamic infrastructure. They explore the boundaries of what technology can do so we can provide the ideal solutions to solve business problems. They are friendly, diverse, collaborative, passionate and with limitless potential. They are students and teachers to each other to ensure we are cultivating a high-performance team. They are your cheerleaders and mentors to unleash your potential and help grow your career.We enable you to develop your skills by challenging the status quo and solving problems within the technology landscape, like volume (machine learning, back testing), velocity (streaming data, complex event processing) and variety (structured and non-structured data) to arrive to meaningful decisions. 
ScrapedJobID1420:
Bachelor’s or above Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or a related discipline and 5+ years of QA automation experience with back-end and web front-end testing frameworks & methods, or no degree and 7+ years of same experience required Good software development skills (Java, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, etc.) required A proven record of developing strong, positive relationships with the software development team and Product Management required Excellent analysis, problem solving and communication skills Understanding and experience with full testing life-cycle management 
ScrapedJobID1421:
7-10 years of experience with software Back-end development primarily with .NET, Java or Node.JS 4+ years of experience with Web and Front-end technologies like: Javascript, JSON, REST, SOAP etc. Experience with Microservices and APIs Experience with Software ID/Access Management with tools like OAuth, SAML or OpenID General DevOps experience is highly valuable AWS or Azure Cloud is also highly valuable Strong communicator and experience either mentoring or teaching other lower level resources Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1422:
10+ years of industry experience in the software product industry with senior architecture/software development roles Proficient in mobile architecture & design that serve millions of users Expertise in developing & designing client-side applications using the latest front end technologies using Swift and/or Kotlin Experience in leveraging Amazon Web Services for building scalable client-side applications Experience in building a component library and contribute to design systems is preferred Understanding of industry-leading technology/solutions in big data and machine learning Experience in making successful trade-offs that balance the short- and long-term product goals Partner with the engineering directors to build strong engineering teams Bachelor’s degree required, or equivalent work experience Drive end-to-end architecture across Intuit’s product offerings Lead the technology evolution of the mobile UX framework, including data, analytics, productivity, and tools Mentor others in development technologies, tools, and processes Present your own designs to internal and external groups, review designs of others Participates in industry conferences and public speaking opportunities at technology and business conferences Inspire innovation and deliver quality at speed across offerings and platform Partner with engineering leaders across Intuit to identify areas across people, process, and technology to dramatically improve velocity 
ScrapedJobID1423:
Working with the development team to define/Implement tools and processes to standardize and automate the way projects are built, developed, and deployed. Ensure an industrial way of implementing continuous delivery on projects. Working with IT/TL, client operations, ITOps on design, monitoring, troubleshooting and managing environments on projects you're working on Participate with development team on various activities related to infrastructure, perform Security, and penetration test Working alongside Solution Architects and Engineers doing tangible client project work, with exposure to client meetings and discussions. Bachelor’s degree in IT or related field 3-5 years of experience in software development, or software deployment Practical experience with automation of system provisioning and deployment Practical experience in monitoring systems (log management, network security monitoring, Health, alerting) Deep hands on experience with complex DevOps pipeline including different tech stacks like Java, DotNet, Node, SErverless, front-end Angular, React) Expert level scripting skills (Linux shell scripting, powershell, Python, Perl) for automation Expert level with configuration management automation tools: Puppet, Rundeck, CheckMK, Ansible Hands on experience with system operation and DevOps on AWS, Azure, GCP, AliCloud Hands on experience with CI/CS as a service like CircleCI, Travis CI Hands on experience with CI/CD managing Kubernetes, clusters Solid understanding of Linux, Windows OS. You have an understanding of Agile methodologies and project structures. You have client-facing experience. Good technical documentation diagramming skills Ability to work independently and within a team environment Are a strong team player, collaborator, and mentor to other engineers Communicates effectively and works well with a diverse, cross disciplinary team You have experience working with Java or .Net, and iOS, Swift, Objective C You have MicroServices Design and development experience 
ScrapedJobID1424:

ScrapedJobID1425:

ScrapedJobID1426:

ScrapedJobID1427:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1428:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1429:
3+ years of professional experience in software development Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications Experience designing and developing responsive design websites Comfortable working with debugging tools like Firebug, Chrome inspector, etc. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage 
ScrapedJobID1430:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1431:
Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code and working toward the next generation of the ApprenticeSearch.com project Design and implementation of key functionality and features supporting the ApprenticeSearch.com mandate Integration of user-facing elements with server side logic to best support skilled trades connectivity Implementation of security and data protection Expert in Ruby on Rails, with knowledge of the Django web framework Familiarity with some ORM libraries Able to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system Understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Understanding of accessibility and security compliance Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Understanding of back-end technologies, such as MVC architecture, SQL, and Ruby Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes Strong unit test and debugging skills Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git and Bitbucket Energetic and creative thinker with strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and in a team environment Ability to work effectively under pressure and meet deadlines A Criminal Records Check is required Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1432:

ScrapedJobID1433:
Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1434:

ScrapedJobID1435:
The Senior Software Development Manager will be focused on leading a development team focused on the client's lending technology. They have built an Omni platform, built on the cloud, to provide end to end lending solutions to organizations The solution leverages extensive integration with third parties, to perform items like validating income, identity, fraud solutions, decision, and pricing engines There is an extensive roadmap including core design architecture, that this role will oversee The role will be approximately 50% people management, overseeing development staff, managing performance and workloads, and removing barriers Around 20% of hands-on development (mostly Proof of Concept development, some input into coding, reviews, Scrums) researching best practices and trends 5+ years development team management Having strong communication skills is essential as the role will interface with clients and 3rd party integrators Having a strong background in MS .NET is required In-depth knowledge of the Microsoft technology stack including C#, .Net, SQL, Azure Exposure to native cloud development Ability to mentor software developers, as well as to collaborate with all stakeholders Extensive experience in developing, deploying, and integrating software solutions Knowledge of best practices related to SDLC and secure programming (data encryption and cybersecurity) Knowledge and experience in the end-to-end credit adjudication process a definite asset Exposure to Angular front end is an asset Ability to call out potential issues to front end changes is an asset Exposure to Native Azure development is an asset Experience with issue tracking using Azure DevOps is an asset Agile certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1436:
Work remotely initially with a hybrid work from home plan once a return to office is in place a choice of a downtown Toronto or Markham office home base Minimum 5-8 years of experience in building modern scalable web and mobile applications Minimum 3 years as senior technical team member or technical lead with proven track records of mentoring or guiding team members in technical aspects for on-time delivery with quality Experience with Springboot or any other Java frameworks NodeJS architecture and experience with architecting and 
ScrapedJobID1437:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1438:
Collaborate with stakeholders to review requirements and design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Coach our junior developers in front end design and functionality Interact with senior management and our engineering leaders to drive the technical direction of our product Extensive computer science skill sets demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus distinctive work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID1439:
Develop innovative solutions to tackle big industry problems Design and code efficiently in multiple frontend and backend programming languages Create reliable, scalable software designs and architectures Work in multi-disciplinary teams consistent of DEVs, QAs and PMs and effectively communicate with team members Apply advanced technical skills and domain knowledge to consistently deduce the source of complex problems Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skill sets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities Stay up to date with advanced technologies in order to be able to provide the best solutions for new projects Have fun, with all of the above! Expertise in Computer Science with an excellent understanding of math, algorithms, data structures, design patterns and software architecture, and the ability to understand the logic behind the relationships within programs themselves Strong hands-on experience in software development, solution design, implementation and test, preferably with product companies Strong experience in front-end and back-end technologies such as C#, .NET, Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS, Web API, REST API Good understanding of data modelling and storage with well-known relational database (preferably MS SQL Server, MySQL) and experience designing data models Knowledge of commonly used development tools and technology such as source code control (Git), product developments (Jira), Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Experience working in Agile development, its practices, and tools (coding standards, code reviews, source code management, build processes, QA) Understanding of Networking principles and concepts such as TCP/IP, certificates, SSL/TLS, firewalls Experience using source code versioning tools, functional and non-functional testing, coding standards and quality measures Experience leading junior software developers on technical designs and developments Eagerness to learn new software/technologies and drive adaptation among team members and cross functional teams Degree in Computer Science or relevant education 
ScrapedJobID1440:
A curious and fast learner; Able to translate business needs to technical requirements and implementation; A team player interested to be part of a senior team of talented developers; Opened to learn new software development processes, like test-driven developing or domain-driven design; Motivated by challenges and new opportunities including learning technologies, products and platforms like IBM WebSphere Application Server, MQ, Bluemix, Jenkins, IBM Mobile First Platform. Participate in all design sessions and provides technical leadership (including technical decisions, technology recommendations, defining standards, leading POCs, and mentoring developers); Work with project sponsors during the project planning phase to understand the requirements in order to define and solution design that meets the business and technical needs of the client; Define the strategy and overall vision for solutions. Provide complete solution designs that consider cost, performance, scalability, reusability, and extensibility; Document application requirements, technical specifications, use-cases, workflow processes; Occasionally conduct research and Proofs of Concept on new technologies and applications; Mentor and develop skills of other members of the team. Collaborate with other development and integration team members to ensure Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) Integration technologies are properly implemented and maintained; Actively be involved in the functional and technical discussion with the client; Perform estimations based on industry widely known of project specific methods and tools; Create and deliver technical design, solution architecture and perform product integration (including unit testing, integration and system tests); Actively be involved in all the project phases: analysis, design, implementation, test/acceptance. At least 5 years experience in Angular, Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices & System Design/Frameworks knowledge is a plus At least 3 years experience in SQL (MySql, Oracle), NoSql(MongoDB), Eclipse/Rational Application Design/Rational Software Architect/STS4 Tools: JIRA, GIT, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Continuous Integration Strong Front-end Development Experience desired with Angular6+ (more recent frameworks is preferred) Experience in Object Oriented design and/or development. Experience in AngularJs MV* Framework experience a plus jQuery and/or equivalent javascript development experience is desired. Familiarity with front end frameworks and technologies such as Angular, Backbone, Twitter Bootstrap, SASS or LESS is a plus. Should be strong in JBOSS & Core Java; Cloud experience is a plus. Should have good exposure to Maven; Continuous Integration Self-starter; able to work in team Pro-active with good communication skills Should have solid development background , hands-on and proven ability to deliver quality on time and on budget Provide Status reporting to stakeholders on a regular basis Coordinate with stakeholders for issue resolution Strong analytical skills Agile methodology. Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; 
ScrapedJobID1441:
PHP Platform: Laravel, in MVC structure ORM: Eloquent Jig: Twig, via Twigbridge (managed by Front-end developers) Collaboration methodology: Gitflow, via Gitlab. Development spaces under LAMP, with Cloudlinux and Cpanel The web developer must be comfortable with project management frameworks that vary from project to project and must be able to work as a team on files of different sizes (from 2 hours to 4 years!). 3 to 5 years experience in a similar position* At least 2 years of MVC development, with a Framework supporting MVC (e.g.: Symfony, Laravel, Codeigniter, etc…) In-depth knowledge in PHP (5.2 to 7.2 and above), MYSQL At least 2 years of team-based experience with GIT Creating scripts in PHP as an AJAX end-point Have created REST-API server scripts in PHP Know the Linux command line and the bases of operations on Linux servers under Cpanel Knowledge and proficiency in web design standards Experience in performing insurance tests Ability to write internal technical documentation Portfolio and/or online references required Self-organizing ability within Kanban while respecting priorities Capacity or interest in Dev-Ops, such as CI/CD automation under gitlab, Gallera cluster management, Apache load balancers, NAS servers, etc… with availability for emergencies Bachelor’s degree in computer science or other relevant training Excellent communication in French Understanding of Gitflow (will be taught if missing) Basic knowledge in Javascript and Twig to help the Front-End team (very occasional) Proficiency in Laravel and Eloquent (to be learned if missing) Knowledge of Codeigniter (to maintain some old projects) Understanding of Domain Driven Design (will be taught if missing) Knowledge of English The position involves an intermediate experience Backend developer, but high quality junior candidates with excellent training and a well-filled portfolio will not be automatically rejected if they meet all other criteria. 
ScrapedJobID1442:
Collecting data at the meter or from utilities companies, analyze it, refine it and deliver valuable insights to Operator, Investors and everyone in between. Working with businesses with property to review and make business decisions protecting your properties from the unexpected Supports sustainability of commercial assets and providing validated data to capital markets Environmental management system OH&S (Occupational health and safety) Preventative maintenance Insurance Fire Safety (overall just to manage risks) Work Orders (sending jobs down to certain buildings, upload pics and check off tasks) Compliance (Document Management, i.e. Checking off forms if there any unusual sounds in the boiler room or are the board meetings posters put up etc.) Remote opportunity Identifying and Analyzing user requirements Prioritizing, assigning and executing tasks throughout the software development life cycle. Developing Java EE (enterprise edition) applications (enterprise level applications) Need to build a scalable SaaS for enterprise to avoid issues Managing the software development life cycle, from planning and prioritizing - > testing - > deploying release - > maintaining functional, secure, and high-quality application Gathering system and user requirements, building Java Modules and testing features Looking for person with hands-on experience developing software with Agile Methodologies and are ready to lead Jr Developers. Identify and analyze user requirements Prioritize, Assign and Execute Tasks throughout software development life cycle Develop Java EE App Hands-On approach to review, debug, lead, forward thinking, take the process through the entire development cycle Reporting to the CTO 5-10 years of full stack developer experience with HTML/Angular/Javascript/Java technology Same amount of years designing and building enterprise applications J2EE REST Web Services Angular JS (Java Script) Agile SDLC Jira Slack Amazon AWS Platform and Services Built good quality technical solutions for businesses audience creating positive and engaging UX Ability to design, build extensible, component-based solutions frameworks while Jr developers can follow and adopt while implementing new features Owns and ability to share own ideas and generate business outcomes Business is starting to take off from Start-Up and going to put their leadership focus onto sales and BD Ability to design for transactional performances and responsiveness (basically build fast turnaround time quality code) Understand importance of security for software and mobile Partaking in launching and deploying apps onto the cloud Need BSc in Comp Sci or Engineering Verbal and written communication skills Write technical documents to explain for internal and client, tech teams Ambitious but coachable and good listener Candidate doesn't have to be specific from the Real Estate industry but it'll be nice Must have to have worked on enterprise solutions Understanding business side, not social and transactional type of software (i.e. not front end ecommerce) Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1443:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop innovative solutions to solve tough business problems Work collaboratively with the team, client team and our partners to build custom development solutions Contribute towards the entire development lifecycle Optimize and apply best practices Maintain high standards of quality for code, technical documentation, and deliverables Collaborate on projects with an all-star team comprised of varying skill-sets through code reviews and design discussions Participate in brainstorming and idea generation activities 5+ years of related industry experience working in software development environments building front-end components of Web applications Hands-on project experience using Angular 2+ and Angular JS Good understanding of software design patterns Experience with creation of Wireframes and translating to HTML code Experience (or strong interest) in working with the Agile methodology 
ScrapedJobID1444:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID1445:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks for both browser and server development and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID1446:
Leverage industry best practices to develop software tools and systems (primarily in Java, HTML, JavaScript, and SQL) Help to develop tools and systems that will assist in the interpretation of data As this is primarily a Data Analytics team, they are looking for a Full Stack Developer with a strong interest in data, who is able to periodically assist with the analysis and BI aspect of the team's day to day activities, and so strong SQL skills are a must Join a team that manages and maintains a rapidly growing analytics platform Work as part of a motivated team in a fast-paced working environment, where quality and attention to detail are vital The successful candidate will be responsible for assisting the team in developing web based tools and systems to assist in the data analysis and propagation of knowledge throughout the relevant engineering teams within Ensure the team is aware of identifiable information and that all processes are being followed Write code to perform complex data queries across various data collection systems Assist with design of new tools to help with data analysis Ability to deep dive into complex issues and help drive investigations via data Ability to recognize when the results don't make sense, and help identify why Database design skills (understanding of indexes, schema design, constraints, and table relationships) Extensive experience with SQL Extensive experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Extensive experience in one more Java, C#/MVC Strong grasp of web architecture and the interaction between the front end, back end, and database layer of a web application Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, data science, data engineering or related field 5+ years work experience 
ScrapedJobID1447:
The Application Developer is responsible for supporting, maintaining, and enhancing current and future business applications in a distributed environment, including SQL server, Business Intelligence, and .NET The primary development will be to support reporting solutions (database creation, Windows applications, batch reporting, web applications/services, etc), bringing in files, loading them, calculating metrics, loading into a table and exporting to the reporting side (Think ETL with some advanced business logic) This will be for items like subscription metrics, delivering financial reports to external partners This is not a front-end application The developer will work with the Business Analysts to take requirements, produce some standard technical documents (5%), and provide development insight to BA and Operations teams The role will also provide Level 2 support to your applications Lots of growth opportunities Client is moving to Agile and cloud solutions 5+ years Microsoft programming and analysis experience in distributed environment Proficiency in SQL applications, including Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer Experience creating database tables; indexes; Transact-SQL; stored procedures; triggers; SSIS/DTS packages; and reporting applications Strong working experience in SQL 2019 environments Strong working experience with ETL processes Strong working knowledge of: C#; C++; ASP Experience with financial, subscription management and business intelligence applications would be considered an asset Knowledge of AWS cloud database technologies including Aurora and Redshift would be considered an asset Able to convey technical knowledge to external vendors/clients would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1448:
Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back-end APIs. Work with development teams, stakeholders and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any code issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. Basically, you're excited to bring an exciting user experience to our patients. You're passionate, creative, and understand life at a fast-growing company You learn quickly and master diverse technologies and techniques You're also known as uber-competent. You're good at what you do and you're passionate about coding You have never encountered a problem you couldn't creatively solve 2+ years proven work experience as a proficient Full Stack Developer Experience using React & Golang (2+ years) Experience developing desktop and mobile application Comp Sci Degree Start-up mentality Willingness to learn new tech Experience using Flutter 
ScrapedJobID1449:
Meet with other members including eCommerce, IT and internal and external business partners to discuss website design and function Design and build the website front-end to design specs and proposing the website architecture Advise where necessary on the website back-end including database and integrations Conduct website performance tests, site audits for business presentation and performing website updates on a regularly scheduled cadence Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining Identify tech requirements and integrate solutions across multiple platforms including, ERP, CRM, email, order and inventory management, store locators, payment gateways, loyalty, subscription management and more Advise team members who produce content and assisting in implementing it where necessary Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery Identify problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing Translate design mock-ups into live responsive websites Extrapolate from design mock-ups and apply design language to other site elements Maintain clean, commented code Train other development teams on implementation of your code Write clean, fast code that is free of bloat and unnecessary overhead 5+ years’ experience developing interactive web applications. Candidates who have mobile application development experience will also be considered Experience working in Agile environment Work well in team environments and be able to collaborate on complex projects Strong skills in design tools like Figma and Adobe Creative Suite Strong proficiency with HTML5, CSS3, and CSS frameworks like PostCSS and TailwindCSS Strong proficiency in client-side JavaScript, especially VueJS framework Proficiency in build tools like Webpack or Gulp Understanding of Progressive Web Applications, web sockets, service workers and advanced browser API’s such as the Cache or offline storage API’s is considered an asset Understanding of the Shopify Liquid Template format is considered an asset Understanding consuming of RESTful and GraphQL APIs is considered an asset Understanding microservice architecture and cloud services is considered an asset Understanding of the Shopify API is considered an asset Knowledge of other design standards, such as Google Material Design, or other systemic design standards is considered an asset Understanding of the Google Analytics JavaScript API is considered an asset Base salary $ 100,000-140,000K Bonus plan based on personal & company performance Extended Health & Dental Plan Company pension plan Professional dues & development Bonus pay Company pension Dental care Extended health care 
ScrapedJobID1450:
Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Represent Roswell in a professional manner during sales calls/meetings where technical Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Experience using JS libraries Well-versed in Git version control system Proficient with best practices in responsive design Solid knowledge of performance Improvement and optimization best practices Knowledge in data migration and synchronization between Shopify instances Fundamental understanding of Shopify and its API / Application ecosystem Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills A passion for front-end architecture and learning new technologies. Deep understanding of ecommerce solutions, web design, development process, and Familiarity with A/B testing, SEO and data-driven practices Familiarity with analytics tools such as Google Analytics, GTM Familiarity with WCAG and accessibility best practices Positive attitude and problem solver Can work and stay well-organized between a variety of projects Ability to work independently to solve technical problems, mitigate risk, make decisions, Ability to work in a small and fast paced boutique environment Familiarity with WordPress a plus Experience building SPAs (Single Page Application) and PWAs (Progressive Web Front-end Javascript frameworks experience (React, Vue, Angular, Ember, etc.) TypeScript Familiarity with Slate and ThemeKit Understanding of SEO best practices Understanding of and experience implementing responsive UI/UX design Understanding of and experience implementing WCAG accessibility compliance Shopify App Development Strong full stack foundations Experience with server side Javascript (NPM, Node, Express) Experience with server side web and API dev (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, .NET, etc.) Experience consuming third party APIs Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL server, Oracle) Experience with schemaless DBs (MongoDB, etc.) Experience with Jira Experience using Git CLI and UIs, GitHub, and GitFlow branching and collaboration Agile experience a plus Server experience a plus (Linux/Unix/Apache/Nginx) Comfortable using CLI 
ScrapedJobID1451:
Remote Position Full-time permanent position Monday – Friday, must be able to work Eastern Standard Hours (EST) Work with a high performing agile project team Develop (in collaboration with other team members) creative, functional, and maintainable and performance driven web applications, websites and components Write high-quality, reusable code following industry best practices and can teach others to follow your lead Project based work, as well as contributing to our internal library of reusable components Develop (in collaboration with other team members) best practices and standards for application development, and development operations within the studio Manage development teams on your projects (task assignment, code review) Manage all operational aspects of your projects - including the development pipeline, source control, branching & merging, continuous integration and deployment Write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced solutions according to established standards Provide estimates on work efforts Provide senior level support to developers on your team through mentoring and helping them debug issues Ensure strong team collaboration. Lead by example. Understand how the team prefers to communicate Minimum of 4 years of professional experience working as a senior technical architect/project lead. "Full stack" experience preferred Experience in .NET 4.x and web application development (C#), ASP.Net Web Forms, ASP.Net, MVC, ASP.Net Web API - minimum of 5 years of professional experience in .NET development High proficiency with Windows Server (IIS) and experience with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Rackspace Cloud Relational database design and programming expertise (MS SQL Server), knowledge of and/or experience with NoSQL technologies such as RavenDB, MongoDB, DocumentDB Proven experience with DevOps, continuous integration and deployment using tools such as Azure DevOps, TeamCity, Jenkins, Travis CI, Web Deploy, Octopus Deploy, Fake, Cake and Gulp Advanced source code management skills with Git using branching strategies such as Git Flow, and managing code reviews with pull requests Strong debugging skills combined with experience using performance and load testing tools Fluent in HTML5/CSS3 Strong JavaScript skills with experience implementing interactive user interfaces with both modern libraries (React, Angular.js, VueJs) and the classics (knockout.js, jQuery, underscore.js,require.js) A minimum of one year of experience working with Kentico CMS, or at least two years of professional experience working with another .NET-based CMS (e.g., EpiServer, SiteCore, Sitefinity, DotNetNuke, Ektron) Proven experience in a technical leadership role with strong leadership, organizational, communication and negotiation skills Professional experience working in Scrum and/or Kanban with Agile teams Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain the technical aspects of a project to non-technical people 
ScrapedJobID1452:

ScrapedJobID1453:
Work closely with internal stakeholders, creative agency partners, technology vendors, and other third party resources to manage all facets of Superior’s corporate website Possess hands on experience with Sitecore CMS to update and develop responsive and user-friendly webpages and landing pages, archive content, and maintain version control Adapt front-end designs through your expert knowledge in HTML, CSS, JavaScript Update our bilingual website content while maintaining all SEO and Accessibility compliance requirements Experience in harmonizing front end coding with back end programming to update Sitecore or other CMS components an asset Oversee digital user acceptance testing (UAT and QA) Bring mock-ups or wireframes from development to delivery including design and prototype interactive interfaces using industry standard tools or applications Build the experience on the front end with an in-depth understanding of UI, cross-browser compatibility, and general web functionality and standards Manage demand generation through split testing and personalization as well as landing page design, forms and end-to-end data flow from form capture to submission into various integrated platforms Possess deep knowledge of technical SEO in order to increase website and page rankings and improve overall website health and authority (e.g. structured data/schema markup implementation, web and mobile page responsiveness and speed, 404 errors and redirects, etc.) Manage project intake process and workflow, and prioritize business requests Monitor, analyze and report on site performance and KPIs utilizing tools including Google Analytics, Datastudio, and HotJar Work with internal IT team and external digital agency to monitor, maintain and improve website security, identify vulnerabilities, and minimize incidents and operational risk Partner with vendors and IT team to plan and execute website projects such as CMS upgrades and integrations, new features/functionality, etc. Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in Web Development, Web Design, Computer Science, or Computer Programming 5+ years of experience with technologies and frameworks including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Bootstrap 3-5 years experience working with Sitecore or similar enterprise CMS Experience working with design platforms such as Figma or Sketch Functional knowledge and hands on experience with web design, UX and AODA Functional knowledge and hands on experience deploying complex website integrations with ERP and CRM systems An understanding of Microsoft technologies including Sitecore and Azure Cloud Experience in the following digital marketing activities: Google Analytics, SEO, Social Media, Personalization and Marketing Automation Experience with email platforms and integrations with Salesforce CRM Proven ability to manage multiple projects concurrently under aggressive timelines in a dynamic fast paced environment while maintaining communication and attention to detail Strong and effective verbal and written communication skills Bilingual in French an asset Monday to Friday Are you legally eligible to work in Canada? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1454:
Assist or take a lead role in the management and code development of interactive projects for some of Canada’s largest companies Create processes and business requirements documentation Assist or take a lead role in testing for own or others’ projects Participate enthusiastically as a team member in planning and implementation of projects Attend client meetings where required A minimum 75% university average Experience in the following: Object Oriented Programming, Mobile Development, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular and React. Knowledge of, PhoneGap, SharePoint, ASPX. C#, .NET, SQL and other web programming languages such as PHP, JSP and PERL would be an asset. Ability to take initiative and contribute to a team environment Energetic, motivated, positive attitude Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to have fun with our pool table, pin ball machine, air hockey table, regular celebration lunches and the toys in our meeting rooms Casual dress Company events Dental care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Do you live in the greater Toronto area? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1455:
Create required technical documents. Ensure project requirements are met. Design, coding and testing of software components. Quickly familiarize with and adhere to VDI software application, development standards and practices. Mentor peers to develop best practices in front and back-end implementation. Perform code review for peers to ensure quality and consistency. Provide accurate project status reports. Deliver work on time and on budget. Awareness of modern technology trends in relevant areas. Perform other assigned duties as required. 5+ years in a full-stack engineering role. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent with relevant experiences. Highly proficient knowledge of a LAMP stack (Linux/Windows, Apache, MySQL, and PHP). Highly proficient knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Highly proficient knowledge of MVC design pattern. Highly proficient with data migration, transformation and scripting using MySQL. Experience using version control systems (Microsoft Azure DevOps/TFS an asset). Mentored peers and performed code review an asset. Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application. Self-starter and demonstrate effective time management. Very strong communication skills, both written and oral. Takes rational approach. Fast learner. Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Can you reliably commute to this job's location (Richmond Hill Ontario Canada, L4B 1L5)? LAMP Stack: 5 years (preferred) PHP: 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1456:
Lead the execution of the overall development, implementation & maintenance of the company’s website and intranet Use of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and CMS, to ensure the navigation and aesthetics of all properties are functional, scalable, and offer an exceptional user experience Code marketing landing pages, with integrations into our marketing automation platform and custom APIs as required Translate design requirements into functional, high performing web pages optimized for both desktop and mobile experiences Work within existing email templates as well as create new templates. Deploy digital marketing initiatives including email deployments Create graphics and/or implement design layouts & code for emails & e-vites, and other collateral Maintain consistent branding throughout all design elements, ensuring a cohesive look and style across all assets Manage production of assigned projects from concept to completion Use Google analytics, testing tools to make data driven decisions for layouts and design Create and manage workflow processes to ensure an efficient workflow between project stakeholders and the design team Test and debug pages across browsers, platforms, and devices to ensure consistent brand experiences Collaborate professionally with other departments to understand requirements and provide mock-ups for presentation and approval College diploma in Web development, Graphic Design and/or Web Design, 2+ years of relevant experience in a digital design role Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS and experience coding with Bootstrap, JQuery, and JavaScript, SQL, PHP, Wordpress Good understanding of web design processes and best practices, including but not limited to image optimization, SEO, and responsive design In-depth knowledge of the Adobe Suite, especially in Photoshop & Illustrator, Dreamweaver Strong portfolio that demonstrates your visual design skills in a variety of mediums (web, mobile, social, motion) and a solid understanding of responsive and adaptive design Experience in photography and video editing/compilation a plus Experience with creating wireframes and animation creation an asset Ability to meet deadlines, work effectively and can adapt to change easily in a fast paced work environment Extremely self-motivated and independent learner and worker Direct Selling experience an asset Bilingualism (English / French / Spanish) an asset 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID1457:
Develops new user-facing features using Web technologies Writes functional, maintainable, code according to industry best practices Translates low-fi wireframes into polished features, interpolating usability details Designs features and improvements independently and in collaboration with the team, estimating effort and complexity Diagnoses defects in development and production environments Uses testing methodologies to verify correct functionality Supports development by staying up to date with the latest industry and technology trends 1-3 years of Web development experience Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, and design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as React or Vue.js Experience with Django/Python and REST APIs, graphic design, or user experience design is an asset Compensation ranging from $55,000 - $80,000 Participation in our unlimited vacation policy Participation in our company profit sharing program Access to our excellent health and dental plan Access to company matching RRSP after one year Flexible work environment 
ScrapedJobID1458:
Experience in managing remote development team 5+ years of professional hands-on React/React Native Development experience CI/CD setup for front-end development Experience with Agile methodology, specifically SCRUM Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Experience with native development (Android or iOS) 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1459:

ScrapedJobID1460:
Aggregate value to our products by design and implement new features Scale our system for our growing number of robots in the field Bring new technologies and knowledge to solve technical challenges Have your opinion count in our decisions BASc. or Graduate degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science or significant relevant work experience 8+ years of work experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Solid experience with programming languages (Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, PHP, Bash) Solid experience with databases (MariaDB, MySQL, Redis) Solid experience with web servers (Nginx, Apache) Experience with production infrastructure in Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Experience with Kubernetes and docker Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Knowledge of dependency management, tool-kits and system buildings for web applications (npm, apt, etc.) New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Self-driven and self-motivated, get things done You have passion for what you do and we will enjoy to work with you 
ScrapedJobID1461:
Highly competitive market annual rates. Comprehensive benefits package. almost 2 weeks off per year (around Christmas and Easter time) in addition to vacation days! Your birthday off...with pay! Full benefits package & paid fitness breaks (eligible after three months) and much more that can provide an incredible lifestyle in Okanagan Valley,BC Collaboration on the direction of web application and technology needs, as well as code changes Test, troubleshoot, and maintain existing software. Providing on-call for occasional emergency technical support 3-5 years’ of production experience with ASP.NET, C#/.NET. Solid understanding of SQL Server database Good understanding of REST API fundamentals , Angular (or similar modern front-end frameworks) . Knowledge of technical SEO an asset and well as Azure experience (or similar cloud architecture solution) Strong object-oriented design skills Strong inter-departmental communication skills and ability to work with a small team. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada. Comprehensive benefits package. almost 2 weeks off per year (around Christmas and Easter time) in addition to vacation days! Your birthday off...with pay! Full benefits package & paid fitness breaks (eligible after three months) and much more that can provide an incredible lifestyle in Okanagan Valley,BC Test, troubleshoot, and maintain existing software. Providing on-call for occasional emergency technical support Solid understanding of SQL Server database Good understanding of REST API fundamentals , Angular (or similar modern front-end frameworks) . Knowledge of technical SEO an asset and well as Azure experience (or similar cloud architecture solution) Strong object-oriented design skills Strong inter-departmental communication skills and ability to work with a small team. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada. 
ScrapedJobID1462:
building applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing defining the architecture for new developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: building applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing defining the architecture for new developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: 
ScrapedJobID1463:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of related industry experience Passion for improving the customer experience Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. Software
Experience In at least 6 years of experience with/in TypeScript
Experience In at least 8 years of experience with/in C# Experience In at least 6 years of experience with/in TypeScript Experience In at least 8 years of experience with/in C# 
ScrapedJobID1464:

ScrapedJobID1465:
Manage a team of Lead Developers and Web Programmers working to deliver an exceptional experience for our millions of users Oversee all development activities and ensure high quality delivery of projects Provide direction and guidance for multiple agile development teams Perform both technical leadership and people management Develop high level strategy for the department Set department objectives, evaluate key results, drive progress, and conduct performance management Deliver technical roadmaps and plan future expansions Improve processes and create training material to enable greater efficiencies and continued growth Prioritize, organize, and manage projects Review planning material / architecture / code and provide feedback Train, coach, and mentor employees to develop a high-performance team Evolve, introduce, and standardize development team best practices Research new tools, technologies, and processes to identify opportunities for the department Communicate progress updates to the team and all required stakeholders Collaborate with cross functional departments to determine business requirements and specifications Post-Secondary Education in Computing Science or equivalent 7+ years of experience in a leadership role Demonstrated track record of delivering technology projects Advanced knowledge of development best practices Ability to manage people, projects, and process Strong written and verbal communication skills Drive to achieve objectives Good business acumen and ability to understand company needs Knowledge of our web development technologies: JavaScript, C#, .NET Core, Microsoft SQL, Vue.js, HTML, CSS, SASS, AJAX Ability to utilize project management software Familiarity with Agile processes and Azure Boards Excellent total compensation package Comprehensive health and dental benefits, plus an additional Health Care Spending Account Flexible work hours Paid vacation, plus bonus personal days Access to continuous learning opportunities, including a subscription to LinkedIn Learning Company share plan Free catered lunches for the entire office Casual work environment Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1466:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights. And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces. Experience with Google Analytics and Tag Manager. 
ScrapedJobID1467:
5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience in the JavaScript ecosystem Significant experience with front-end web development specifically with React Adept at React State Management leveraging Redux 1+ year of professional experience spanning JQuery, Cypress, Puppeteer & Gherkin test frameworks 1+ year of experience leveraging a combination of: HTML5, CSS3/SASS, Jest, Enzyme, Mocha, MaterialUI API Driven design and development Solid analysis, documentation, and client-facing skills A strong curiosity about our clients' business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge Consulting skills reflecting team building, flexibility, and customer service Demonstrated ability working in a geographically distributed onshore and offshore development team Ability to demonstrate skills in analysis, design, implementation, and development process Must currently reside in Canada and be eligible to work for any employer to apply (we exclusively hire direct salaried employees) Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1468:
Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental rules and procedures Lead the user experience and interface efforts for a product team, ensuring the delivery of a quality product Create mockups and wire frames for both mobile and web pages that the front-end developer can translate into code Produce high quality graphics and visual elements Create prototypes that showcase the user flow and interactions Conduct user experience research and testing through media such as A/B testing, interviews, etc. Min of three years experience working as a UX/UI Designer Experience with designing consumer quality products including: mobile, enabling business capability and objectives through technology Experience within industry and knowledge is a plus Interest in solving complex, interconnected problems across a range of platforms Ability to design clear and creative frames to guide team Graphical and Visual design skills, including use of a diverse set of software, e.g. Figma, Sketch, Invision, Adobe suite, OmniGraffle, Balsamiq, Axure, Experience with planning and conducting user research, user testing, A/B testing and rapid prototyping Agile Experience Experience working with and contributiong to design systems and pattern libraries Solid knowledge and experience with Agile software development Strong communication skills with ability to articulate and optimize design based on the value to the user and the business Ability to work effectively in a team setting including synthesizing abstract ideas into concrete design implications Comfortable working with quick turnaround times and deadlines Passionate about resolving user pain points through great design Sees value in iterative approach to design Strong sense of ownership of solution and not afraid to speak up to ensure the user angle is heard by the Product Owner Believes in culture of transparency and trust Open to learning new ideas outside scope or knowledge skillset to span across UI design, strategy and testing Ability to travel to our sites in British Columbia 10-40% of the time 
ScrapedJobID1469:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1470:
Yes 
ScrapedJobID1471:
Located in Burlington, ON Full-time, permanent role (Monday – Friday, with flex hours), Remote / Hybrid working is a possibility Salary between $85,000 - $110,000 commensurate with experience Full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack / React / Typescript Growth, leadership, and project management opportunities Take responsibility for technical architecture and implementation of a large-scale, web-based custom software solution Work with product/project managers to create technical implementation strategies for new feature development Mentor less-senior members of the team Maintain regular communication with internal and external project stakeholders A full-time, permanent position from Monday to Friday, 9:00am-5:00pm with flex hours to best suit your needs Hybrid/Remote working conditions Competitive salary Health benefits 3 weeks’ paid vacation to start Profit sharing potential 8+ years of experience working in software development Expert level knowledge in full-stack development of distributed web-based applications using the Microsoft .NET Core stack Proficiency with front end web development technologies including React and Typescript Strong proficiency in design/development of relational databases and ORMs (e.g., Entity Framework or NHibernate) Post-secondary degree or diploma in computer science, software development or a related field, or equivalent work experience Excellent leadership and mentoring abilities. Strong English language oral and written communication skills Experience with OpenID Connect / OAuth / IdentityServer Experience working with agile processes or in a start-up environment/small organization is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1472:
Actively be participating in work groups and work sessions with functional and technical consultants Work with the IT Directors, Management to support strategic system initiatives. Maintain accuracy and integrity of TBG data through ongoing system and table maintenance including data cleansing as required. Identify opportunities in the system to streamline and improved business processes and system functionality. Assist in development of strategic direction for Information Services in the areas of systems, standards, and methodology. Develop and enforce policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines. Implementation and adherence to Beer Store & BDL technical standards Delivering large-scale, complex programs that combine business processes with technology to help our business achieve the highest levels of performance Involved in all phases of a life cycle implementation, including development of specifications, prototypes, design, configuration, testing, go-live, user training and postproduction support Work closely with functional configuration consultants to ensure accuracy and completeness of functional requirements, creates technical specifications and the development of programs according to specifications. Handle technical component delivery and participates in full integration testing and assumes responsibility for testing the application code from a technical perspective to verify that programs follow standards and meets technical specifications Responsible for regression testing of universal changes and fixes and the coordination of the deployment. Monitor the system integrations and interfaces between SAP ERP system applications and third-party vendors Ensure the integrity, accessibility and accuracy of employee data is maintained through strictly controlled role and security design. Follow Change Control Board process and attend meetings where required to present changes/fixes for approval Monitor internal/external ticketing systems and work with Business Owners to resolve Monitor Brewer XML files to be delivered as per our SLA (Service Level Agreement) Monitor Brewer Reporting on SFTP servers as per our SLA agreement Monitor the performance in BW Monitor Daily Process Chains within BW (Business Warehouse) Create documentation and detailed communication to the user community Meet regularly with the business to adopt successful partnership Act as the liaison between IT, the business community & external partners on HRMS initiatives Degree or Diploma– Business, IT, or related specializations preferred but not required SAP certification preferred 5 + years of experience working with ERP systems; SAP experience is required 5 + years of TBS/BDL experience is a strong asset but not required Design, build, test and retrofit BW Layered Scalable Architecture (LSA) data flow from data sources to reporting front end (BEX and AFO reports) Design and build new data processing flows using InfoCubes, DSOs, SPOs, expert routines and BEX reports. Design and modify BEX queries and report to meet power user’s requirements. Handling Incidents and change requests Objects transport in BI for development, testing, and production servers. Performance tuning and troubleshooting BI reporting issues during user acceptance testing. Analysis on the requirements gathered. Design and develop data flows, customize as per business requirements. ABAP custom coding to manipulate and filter data in both ECC and BI. BI Content objects activation and modification. Process Chain creation for data load scheduling. Performed analysis on the existing data models and identifying the changes to be made to meet user requirements. Create prototype reports and perform unit testing. Strong Communication skills (written and verbal) and the ability to engage with all Business Users Ability to produce high level documentation 
ScrapedJobID1473:

ScrapedJobID1474:
Experience in a high level language like C#, Java, C++ or VB.net Experience using scripting languages such as Python, PHP, Lua, Node.js Cybersecurity, cryptography, and encryption experience. Understanding of physical security is desirable UX/UI, user interface or website implementation. Cross platform skills (e.g. Two or more of Windows, Linux, MacOS, BSD) “Full stack” web development. Various stacks will be considered Database experience. RDBMS or NoSQL 2D and 3D model rendering The opportunity to work on cutting edge technology Satisfaction of helping others through medical device technology An organization with strong core values A team oriented/collaborative environment An award winning company culture & tight knit team Profit sharing Competitive compensation Excellent benefits package Monthly All-hands meetings Active social committee 50% BC Transit cost sharing in Victoria, and TTC/Transit subsidy in Toronto Galloping Goose access and shower facilities for midday runs or biking to work in Victoria Help brainstorm, architect, and engineer complex software applications and systems for medical devices Set up, configure, and maintain development environments Implement software controls, standards, and processes Write and document software on various platforms Help maintain Medical Device Design History Files Help develop Detailed Design Specifications and Verification Plans Contribute to formal Design Reviews and Source Code Reviews Help develop software tasks and estimates for customer proposals Collaborate with other team members, disciplines, departments, and external development partners Research, source, evaluate, and apply new technologies, APIs, libraries, and standards for medical device software Mentor and/or share knowledge with others Perform other related duties, as required Bachelor’s degree in electrical, mechanical, electronics or software engineering or a Diploma in electronics or software engineering Experience must include: Proficiency in one or more programming and scripting languages AND Application development experience OR Web development (e.g. front end or back end) development experience OR Mobile development experience. Mandatory: Excellent communication skills, both written, and oral. Eligible to work in Canada. Self-directed completion (e.g. Capstone project) of an electromechanical device and/or co-op work term or summer student experience Experience programming in C/C++, Java or Go or developing firmware on bare metal. Experience developing firmware in a highly-regulated industry, such as: aerospace, medical or automotive. Experience working within a Medical Quality Management System (e.g. ISO13485, IEC60601-1, IEC62304) 
ScrapedJobID1475:
Enabling developers and designers to create consistent and accessible experiences by guiding the implementation of Skyline. Defining Skyline's growth strategy to help us scale across the organization. Identifying efficiencies that we could solve through system thinking in cross-functional team processes. Report to the Director of Product Experience and be one of the leaders in the Skyline team. Define best practices for front-end developers at Benevity. Build new design system components, ensuring that our design system meets the highest standards of accessibility and inclusiveness. Act as a communication bridge between the Product Design and Engineering teams, creating a shared language and helping break down knowledge silos. Contribute thoughtfully to building an inclusive environment for everyone. Use Figma to facilitate communication and collaboration between designers and yourself. Actively participate in ongoing planning activities with your team. Ensure that work flowing into the team accurately captures acceptance criteria for functional and non-functional requirements. Educate teams on testing interfaces on various browsers, operating systems, devices, networks and assistive technologies. Build strong, inclusive, collaborative relationships with peers, including designers, product managers, developers and cross-functional team members. You are a cultural contributor and a mentor to others. You start from a place of curiosity and seek out feedback from everyone. You foster a space where everyone can participate. Experience using one or more modern frameworks like Vue, Angular, React, Web Components or any other component-based development framework is required. A deep understanding of any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack. A deep understanding of CSS and familiarity with naming conventions such as BEM. Strong understanding of front-end build tooling, ES modules, and cross-browser compatibility. Experience creating prototypes using modern front-end technologies. Passionate about creating accessible, performant interfaces that delight our end users. Experience with automated UI testing and review processes Compelling communication, collaboration and creative problem-solving skills: an ability to lead and the humility to adapt. 
ScrapedJobID1476:
Develop and support of branch and insurance systems. Understands Canadian Retail Banking and Insurance from several points of view and aligns IT&S systems and processes to address critical information and technical requirements Acts as the Subject Matter Expert/Mentor and holds overall accountability for technical requirements review and the implementation of projects Participate in design discussions on scalability, performance, security, Microservices best practices Guide and mentor developers through technical issues and challenges – be “hands on” and contribute to the coding and development efforts directly Participates in all phases of the IT System Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Responsible for representing and successfully navigating projects through the internal Bank processes. Provides expert knowledge of cross-functional and business processes, policies and systems and works to influence peers and senior management to adopt, implement and align Participates as technical or business consultant in design, development, coding, testing, and debugging new packaged solutions or significant enhancements to existing applications. 8+ years of experience in server-side development with Java, Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot/Batch with an emphasis on REST services 5+ years of experience with relational or no SQL databases. Excellent Computer Science Fundamentals; Object Oriented Design; Java Design Patterns. Proficiency in using Git for source code repository; Maven and Jenkins for build; Previous experience designing mission critical systems in an agile environment 10+ years of experience with programming, developing APIs, and building database. Previously worked as a lead developer or technical lead 10+ years of service side development experience with Java, Spring, Spring Boot with an emphasis on Web or REST services. Experience with REST, Microservices Architecture, Event Driven Architecture Experience with ElasticSearch, Kafka, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Sql Server, Redis, Kibana, Grafana, Prometheus, Logstash, Ansible, Docker. Experience with multithreading. Understanding of cloud-based deployment Experience with Spark, Power BI, Tableau, SAS, Python and other data analytic programs is a definite asset We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We foster an environment of innovation and continuous learning. Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package, that includes a base salary, performance bonus, company matching programs (pension & Employee Share Ownership), generous vacation; health/medical/wellness benefits; employee banking privileges, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1477:
Hands on J2EE and Web application development experience. Maintain and enhance web-based applications using object-oriented methodology following industry Translate user requirements into solution design for development and implementation of enterprise Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Design, Service-Oriented software architecture, and common Ensure solutions leverage innovative approaches & evolving technologies, and align with evolving Participate in evolving guidelines, standards and consistent processes specific to Application Architect new/complex/custom integrations for customers, including solutioning, implementation Evaluate and recommend new integration technologies Strong knowledge of RDBM SQL and UML. Act as the subject matter expert who can productively work with business analysts, in the analysis Knowledge of Waterfall, Agile and SCRUM required. Good time management skills and capable of managing multi-task. Handle the implementation of application in production. Provide fixes on application defects and handle operational issues timely. Capable of handling tasks under demanding fast-phased circumstance. Other duties as required 2+ years experience in MuleSoft 3+ years of experience with Java/J2EE (JSP & Servlet), 3+ years of direct experience with JBPM v3 or v6 SEAM, hibernate capability and experience would 3+ years relevant experience in analysis, development, testing, performance monitoring/tuning 3+ years of experience building production scale Integrations on middleware platform: MuleSoft Experience with- JSF, SEAM, Rich Faces, AJAX, JQuery, RESTful Web Services, Hibernate, At least 3 years of experience in implementing Web Service/IoT integration solutions (e.g. REST, Debugging and deployment support in Front/Back-End Web (J2EE) environment using J2EE Nice to have JBPM, CSS, JBoss, Jasper Effective verbal communication with both technical and non-technical team members Knowledge of Waterfall, Agile and SCRUM required. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Customer service oriented – professional, helpful, friendly Organized, able to multi-task, balance multiple projects and priorities Responsible and accountable Proven record of taking initiative Ability to thrive in a team environment 
ScrapedJobID1478:
Initiative – Proactively seeks new opportunities and challenges; takes Builds Networks – Builds strong relationships with peers, partners and Awareness & Insight – Assesses one’s own abilities, understands Post-Secondary Degree (Bachelor of Science) preferred. Driving for Results – Relentlessly pursues quantifiable and Communication & Listening – Encourages open and honest 7+ years’ application development experience 3+ years’ experience in large enterprise or e-business systems 5+ years’ experience with Visual Studio, C#, ASP.NET MVC, ASP .Net 5+ years’ experience with databases: SQL, MongoDB, MySQL 5+ years’ experience with HTML/CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap; 3+ years Azure, Azure DevOps, CI/CD Strong knowledge of building REST API’s from on premises to Azure Strong knowledge of Azure, its services and integration between Azure Minimum 5 to 7 years’ experience with Office 365 Working understanding of business forms and processes Hands on experience with Microsoft PowerApps and PowerApps Hands on experience with Microsoft Flow. Full-Stack developer who has ability to work on front-end and back-end 
ScrapedJobID1479:
Design/develop front-end & back-end web software components Customer interaction Full software development lifecycle – requirements through to delivery Help with project scope definition 5+ years experience in software development with a focus on web-based components Front end experience with Javascript, Typescript, CSS, HTML5 Experience developing microservices RESTful / websocket based APIs Linux environment Eligible to obtain secret level clearance 
ScrapedJobID1480:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Calgary Office Term (start and end date): December 6, 2021 until December 2, 2022 Schedule: Standard 5x2, 40 hour work week Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Assist in setting data visualization goals and deliverables based on the established success criteria and metrics as defined for the solution Educate clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability Develop User Interface (UI) to receive information input from business users into a relational database and non-relational management systems Apply information architecture, interactive visual design, quantitative analysis and qualitative user research to create UI for an informed User Experience (UX) Design and execute performance tests of front-end applications in a big data context Monitor, develop and operate (DevOps) the visualization(s) for existing analytic products Collaborate with ecosystem partners to provide the best fit technologies while expanding knowledge of current data analytics and visualization trends Research, establish guidance, and maintain documentation on data visualization tools and best practices to ensure design consistency for the best UX across the enterprise Mentor and coach less-experienced team members and clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability. Manage a database/library of visuals and designs library built across analytical products Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using multiple technologies Five years of progressive experience in a data visualization/development role A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Mathematics, Information Management or a related technical discipline and equivalent work experience Experience and exposure to business data analysis for various domains, including the ability to rapid prototype visualizations and communicate them to the client Strong experience in Data Modeling, ELT/ETL Development, and Data Warehousing The ability to establish and apply data visualization best practices and graphical design principles Experience in UI/UX design and development Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple stakeholders and track execution of all details of a program Exposure to Full stack (front-end user interface and application back-end) development experience Experience with one or more data visualization libraries, frameworks and tools Experience with one or more programming/web development language Experience with dashboard/reporting tools Experience in relational databases and writing SQL code No 
ScrapedJobID1481:
Work remotely initially with a hybrid work from home plan once a return to office is in place a choice of a downtown Toronto or Markham office home base Minimum 5-8 years of experience in building modern scalable web and mobile applications Minimum 3 years as senior technical team member or technical lead with proven track records of mentoring or guiding team members in technical aspects for on-time delivery with quality Experience with Springboot or any other Java frameworks NodeJS architecture and experience with architecting and 
ScrapedJobID1482:
Develop new user-facing features using React.js Build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Optimize components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers 4+ years of strong software development experience Rich experience in Frontend Development. Experience with popular React.js workflows such as Understanding of the Node. js-based tooling like Webpack, NPM, Babel, ExpressJS, etc. Well-versed in Ecmascript 5/6/7. Familiarity with RESTful API as well as modern front-end builds pipelines and tools. Hands on development in Experienced in modern dev tools, processes, and methodologies like TDD, Unit Testing & Functional testing using Mocha, Chai, Jest, or other frameworks. Must be well versed with agile environment. Strong communicator who embraces collaboration. Experience with Familiarity with code versioning tools such as GIT. Experience working with large branded websites, content management systems, e-commerce platforms, and backend frameworks (Java, .Net) Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms Bachelor's degree in interactive development or computer science is a plus. Flexible vacation policy; time is not limited, allocated, or accrued 15 paid holidays throughout the year Generous parental leave and new parent transition program Tuition reimbursement Corporate gift matching program 
